[page 1]
Rating Rationale
June 30, 2026 | Mumbai
Goodluck India Limited
Ratings upgraded to 'Crisil AA-/Stable/Crisil A1+'
 
Rating Action
Total Bank Loan Facilities Rated Rs.854.75 Crore Regulator Of
Instrument
Long Term Rating Crisil AA-/Stable (Upgraded from 'Crisil
A+/Positive') RBI
Short Term Rating Crisil A1+ (Upgraded from 'Crisil A1') RBI
Note: None of the Directors on Crisil Ratings Limited’s Board are members of rating committee and thus do not participate in discussion or assignment of any ratings.
The Board of Directors also does not discuss any ratings at its meetings.
1 crore = 10 million
Refer to Annexure for Details of Instruments & Bank Facilities
Detailed Rationale
Crisil Ratings has upgraded its ratings on the bank facilities of Goodluck India Limited (GIL; a part of the Goodluck group) to
‘Crisil AA-/Stable/Crisil A1+’ from ‘Crisil A+/Positive/Crisil A1’.
 
The upgrade in ratings reflects the improvement in the company's business risk profile, driven by its strong market presence
in value-added products such as tube structures and other engineering products. This improvement is further supported by
the continuous diversification of its product range, including the successful operationalization of its artillery shell
manufacturing facility, with a total capacity of 150,000 shells per annum. This expansion supports an increase in the scale of
operations to Rs. 4,100 crores in fiscal 2026 from Rs. 3,941 crores in fiscal 2025, largely driven by growth in volume sales
as raw material prices moderated, leading to lower realizations.Going forward, the business risk profile is expected to be
supported by the defense business, which is highly regulated in nature with stringent approval processes and large upfront
capital expenditure requirements to manufacture quality-sensitive products. As a result, negligible competition exists in the
industry for GIL.
 
Despite moderation in raw material prices throughout most of fiscal 2026, leading to a fall in realizations for GIL, the scale of
operations improved due to higher sales from higher value-added products. This led to an expansion of operating margins to
9.7% in fiscal 2026, compared to 8.48% in fiscal 2025.
 
The company plans to enhance its production capacity under its legacy steel processing segment to 600,000 MTPA from
500,000 MTPA, along with increasing its artillery shell manufacturing capacity to 400,000 shells per annum from 150,000
shells per annum over the next 12–24 months. This is expected to result in stable growth in the scale of operations to
around Rs. 4,500–4,700 crores in fiscal 2027. Additionally, the increased contribution of high-margin products to the
company's overall revenue is expected to result in further expansion of operating margins to around 9.75–10% over the
medium term.
 
The rating action is further supported by the company's strong financial risk profile, which is supported by a healthy adjusted
net worth of around Rs. 1,528 crores. The management has maintained a prudent funding mix in the past while undertaking
capital expenditure (capex), resulting in a gearing ratio of 0.73 times and a Total Outside Liabilities to Tangible Net Worth
(TOL/TNW) ratio of 0.99 times as of March 31, 2026. Although GIL is expected to undertake capex of around Rs. 300–350
crores annually, partially funded by debt, over the next 2–3 fiscals, its capital structure is expected to remain comfortable.
This is indicated by expected gearing and TOL/TNW ratios of 0.7–0.8 times and 0.95–1.00 times, respectively. The
company's healthy accretion of reserves is expected to result in an adjusted net worth of around Rs. 1,730 crores by the
end of fiscal 2027.
 
The ratings continue to further reflect the established presence in the pipe and engineering product industry, timely
completion of the defence equipment manufacturing facility leading to further diversification of product profile, healthy scale
of operations and strong financial risk profile. These strengths are partially offset by large working capital
requirement and susceptibility to volatility in raw material prices and intense competition.
[page 2]
Analytical Approach
Crisil Ratings has combined the business and financial risk profiles of GIL and Goodluck Defence And Aerospace
Limited (GDAL) as GDAL is the subsidiary of GIL.
 
Please refer Annexure - List of Entities Consolidated, which captures the list of entities considered and their analytical treatment of consolidation.
Key Rating Drivers - Strengths
Established market position in steel processing with presence in the pipe and engineering product industry along
with diversified product profile resulting in healthy scale of operations:
The group has leveraged its promoters' nearly four-decade-long experience in the steel processing industry to expand its
capacity and product portfolio. The group offers a diverse range of products with a high level of customization. GIL has a
diversified product profile across five key segments: defense & aerospace, engineering structures & precision fabrication,
forgings, precision pipes & auto tubes, and cold-rolled coil pipes and hollow sections. The product portfolio and end-user
industry base are well-diversified and include players from various segments, such as automotive and trucks, heavy
commercial vehicles, agricultural machinery, equipment, valves, fittings, petrochemical applications, hardware, off-road,
railway equipment, general industrial equipment, renewable energy, aerospace, and defense. This diversification shields the
company from downturns in any specific industry.
 
In fiscal 2026, the group operationalized a facility to manufacture defense equipment and received a government license for
the commercial production of 155mm missile shells, contributing Rs. 46 crores to the group’s total operating income of Rs.
4,100 crores in fiscal 2026 (up from Rs. 3,941 crores in fiscal 2025). The growth in scale of operations in fiscal 2026 was
supported by a 7.8% growth in volume, despite moderation in realization due to softening of raw material prices. The growth
in sales volume was driven by healthy demand for the company’s legacy products and entry into niche segments like
defense and aerospace with high demand. As of date, the company has received orders worth Rs. 307 crores under the
defense segment to manufacture missile shells. Limited competition in the segment due to stringent regulations, coupled
with healthy order flows, will support healthy offtake from the defense segment, resulting in an expected revenue of around
Rs. 4,500 crores in fiscal 2027. With the increasing scale and established market position, along with a diversified product
profile and end-user industry base across domestic and overseas markets, and a healthy order inflow, the company should
achieve revenue growth of 10–15% over the medium term.
 
Strong financial risk profile:
The financial risk profile has strengthened, with the net worth improving to Rs. 1,527 crores as of March 31, 2026, from Rs.
1,346 crores a year ago. This improvement was driven by the continuous accretion of reserves, which led to a healthy
capital structure despite undertaking debt-funded capital expenditure (capex) in the past 2–3 fiscals. The capital structure
has been healthy, indicated by a gearing ratio of 0.73 times and a total outside liabilities to tangible net worth (TOL/TNW)
ratio of 0.99 times as of March 31, 2026 (compared to 0.77 times and 0.88 times, respectively, as of March 31, 2025). A
sizable capex of Rs. 346 crores was incurred in fiscal 2026 to operationalize its defense equipment manufacturing facility
and for debottlenecking the production process. The capex undertaken was funded by additional debt of around Rs. 62
crores in fiscal 2026 and the balance through internal cash accrual. GIL has plans to undertake an additional capex of
around Rs. 300 crores annually over the next 2–3 fiscals to enhance its artillery shell manufacturing capacity to 400,000
shells per annum from 150,000 shells per annum. This capex also aims to enhance the steel processing capacity to 600,000
MTPA from 500,000 MTPA, focused on increasing ERW precision tubes and GI Conduit tubes capacity. The capex will be
partially funded by additional debt and the balance through internal cash accrual. Despite the additional debt-funded capex
planned, the capital structure is expected to remain comfortable, indicated by gearing and TOL/TNW ratios of 0.7–0.75
times and 0.95–1.0 times, respectively, by the end of fiscal 2027. Debt protection metrics remained comfortable, supported
by the expansion of operating profitability and the sustenance of capital structure. This is indicated by an interest coverage
ratio of 3.76 times and a net cash accrual to adjusted debt (NCAAD) ratio of 0.22 times as of March 31, 2026. Through
timely repayment of debt and healthy operating profitability, the interest coverage ratio and NCAAD ratio are expected to
remain stable at 4.6–4.7 times and 0.2–0.25 times, respectively, in fiscal 2027.
Key Rating Drivers - Weaknesses
Working capital intensive operations:
Operations are working capital intensive indicated by Gross current assets (GCAs) of 152 days as on March 31, 2026,
driven by receivables of 43 days and inventory of 84 days. The group has a diversified customer profile with domestic
payment terms of 60-90 days and export orders are secured through payment confirmation after which material dispatched.
With the increase in export sales the payment realisation is better, however, increased offtake from the defense segment,
primarily by government entities resulting in further stretch in realization from customers will remain monitorable. Raw
material inventory of 60-80 days is kept which is majorly order-backed. GCAs are expected at 140-150 days going forward.
Working capital management and extent of bank limit utilisation remain key monitorable.
 
Susceptibility to volatility in raw material prices due to intense competition:
The steel industry is inherently cyclical and remains vulnerable to volatility in raw material prices and price realizations. The
key raw material, hot-rolled coils, accounts for around 70% of the total raw material cost. Moreover, the company has limited
room to pass on the impact of increases in raw material prices to customers in short-term contracts, although they can pass
on such costs for some products. Even in the case of long-term contracts, price changes can be passed on only after a lag
of 1–2 months. Furthermore, intense competition and limited product differentiation can exert pressure on margins. The
[page 3]
management has taken strong initiatives to mitigate the risk of limited product differentiation by venturing into the defense
equipment manufacturing industry. This includes operationalizing an artillery shell manufacturing facility with a capacity of
150,000 shells per annum in January 2026, which has high entry barriers and limited competition due to stringent
regulations and large capital expenditure requirements. Further, the improvement in the offtake of high-margin products,
resulting in their increasing contribution to the company's overall revenue, led to an expansion of operating margins to 9.7%
in fiscal 2026 from 8.5% in fiscal 2025. Increased offtake from the defense segment, coupled with the introduction of high-
value-added products and healthy offtake post-enhancement of existing capacity, is expected to result in further
improvement in operating profit margins to around 9.75–10% over the medium term.
Liquidity Strong
Bank limit utilisation was around 84% for the 12 months ended April 2026. Cash accrual is expected at Rs 240-320 crore
per annum, against yearly debt obligation of Rs 46-62 crore over the medium term; the surplus cash will act as cushion to
liquidity.
 
Current ratio stood at 1.32 times on March 31, 2026.
 
The company also maintains moderate cash and bank balance of around Rs 25-30 crores.
 
Low gearing and moderate networth aid financial flexibility.
Outlook Stable
Crisil Ratings believes that healthy and sustained growth in revenue along with sustenance of operating margin, driven by
increased contribution of high margin products to the overall revenue of the group will support the credit risk profile over the
medium term.
Rating sensitivity factors
Upward factors
Significant increase in revenue and sustenance of operating margin of more than 10% due to contribution from high
margin product segment.
Better working capital management and no significant increase in debt levels, keeping gearing below one time and
improvement in debt coverage indicators on a sustained basis
 
Downward factors
Decline in scale of operation and operating margins below 7% resulting in lower net cash accrual.
Large debt-funded capital expenditure or substantial increase in working capital requirements thus weakening its
liquidity & financial profile.
About the Company
Incorporated in 1986, GIL (formerly, Goodluck Steel Tubes Ltd) manufactures sheets, pipes, engineering structures,
fabricated structures, forgings, and automobile tubes. The company has five manufacturing facilities in Sikanderabad (Uttar
Pradesh) and one recently operational in Kutch (Gujarat), with a total installed capacity of more than 500,000 tonne per
annum. The company is listed on Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd and National Stock Exchange Ltd. GIL reported a revenue of
Rs.1088 crore with net profit of Rs. 56 crore during Q4-FY25. GDAL was incorporated on August 31, 2023, with objective to
specialize in the forging, machining, treatment, and coating of various metals for defense applications. It is the subsidiary of
GIL.
Key Financial Indicators 
Consolidated Numbers
As on / for the period ended March 31  2026 2025
Operating income Rs crore 4100.28 3,941.18
Reported profit after tax Rs crore 182.58 165.63
PAT margins % 4.45 4.20
Adjusted Debt/Adjusted Net worth Times 0.73 0.77
Interest coverage Times 3.76 4.16
Any other information: Not applicable
Note on complexity levels of the rated instrument:
Crisil Ratings` complexity levels are assigned to various types of financial instruments and are included (where applicable)
in the 'Annexure - Details of Instrument' in this Rating Rationale.
Crisil Ratings will disclose complexity level for all securities - including those that are yet to be placed - based on available
information. The complexity level for instruments may be updated, where required, in the rating rationale published
subsequent to the issuance of the instrument when details on such features are available.
For more details on the Crisil Ratings` complexity levels please visit www.crisilratings.com. Users may also call the
Customer Service Helpdesk with queries on specific instruments.
[page 4]
Please note:
More details including a list of activities or instruments, along with the names of respective financial sector regulators
(FSRs) whose purview they fall under, is available in 'Annexure – List of Instruments and Names of Regulators' below.
Annexure - Details of Instrument(s)
ISIN Name Of
Instrument
Date Of
Allotment
Coupon
Rate (%)
Maturity
Date
Issue
Size
(Rs.
Crore)
Complexity
Levels
Rating
Outstanding
with Outlook
Regulator
Of
Instrument
NA Bank
Guarantee NA NA NA 55.50 NA Crisil A1+ RBI
NA Bill
Discounting NA NA NA 2.50 NA Crisil A1+ RBI
NA
Cash Credit &
Working
Capital
Demand Loan
NA NA NA 530.50 NA Crisil
AA-/Stable RBI
NA Letter of
Credit NA NA NA 147.50 NA Crisil A1+ RBI
NA
Standby
Fund-Based
Limits
NA NA NA 10.00 NA Crisil
AA-/Stable RBI
NA
Working
Capital
Demand Loan
NA NA NA 16.00 NA Crisil
AA-/Stable RBI
NA Term Loan NA NA 31-Mar-
27 5.00 NA Crisil
AA-/Stable RBI
NA Term Loan NA NA 31-Mar-
27 40.00 NA Crisil
AA-/Stable RBI
NA Term Loan NA NA 31-Mar-
27 37.75 NA Crisil
AA-/Stable RBI
NA
Working
Capital Term
Loan
NA NA 31-Mar-
27 9.00 NA Crisil
AA-/Stable RBI
NA
Working
Capital Term
Loan
NA NA 31-Mar-
27 1.00 NA Crisil
AA-/Stable RBI
Annexure – List of entities consolidated
Names of Entities Consolidated Extent of Consolidation Rationale for Consolidation
Goodluck India Limited 100% Holding Company
Goodluck Defence And Aerospace Limited 100% Subsidiary
Annexure - Rating History for last 3 Years
 Current 2026 (History) 2025 2024 2023 Start of2023
Instrument Type OutstandingAmount Rating Date Rating Date Rating Date Rating Date Rating Rating
Fund Based
Facilities LT/ST 651.75
Crisil
AA-/Stable
/ Crisil
A1+
 -- 01-10-25
Crisil
A+/Positive
/ Crisil A1
11-11-24
Crisil
A+/Positive
/ Crisil A1
24-11-23 Crisil
A/Stable
Crisil
A-/Stable
   --  -- 04-09-25
Crisil
A+/Positive
/ Crisil A1  --  -- Crisil
A-/Stable
[page 5]
Non-Fund
Based FacilitiesST 203.0 Crisil A1+  -- 01-10-25 Crisil A1 11-11-24 Crisil A1 24-11-23 Crisil A1 Crisil A2+
   --  -- 04-09-25 Crisil A1  --  -- --
All amounts are in Rs.Cr.
Annexure - Details of Bank Lenders & Facilities
Facility Amount (Rs.Crore) Name of Lender Rating
Bank Guarantee 23 Bank of Baroda Crisil A1+
Bank Guarantee 14 IDFC FIRST Bank Limited Crisil A1+
Bank Guarantee 18.5 State Bank of India Crisil A1+
Bill Discounting 2.5 Kotak Mahindra Bank
Limited Crisil A1+
Cash Credit & Working
Capital Demand Loan 177.5 State Bank of India Crisil AA-/Stable
Cash Credit & Working
Capital Demand Loan 60 Bank of Baroda Crisil AA-/Stable
Cash Credit & Working
Capital Demand Loan 48 Kotak Mahindra Bank
Limited Crisil AA-/Stable
Cash Credit & Working
Capital Demand Loan 84 IDFC FIRST Bank Limited Crisil AA-/Stable
Cash Credit & Working
Capital Demand Loan 84 HDFC Bank Limited Crisil AA-/Stable
Cash Credit & Working
Capital Demand Loan 45 The Federal Bank Limited Crisil AA-/Stable
Cash Credit & Working
Capital Demand Loan 32 Axis Bank Limited Crisil AA-/Stable
Letter of Credit 15 Bank of Baroda Crisil A1+
Letter of Credit 20 State Bank of India Crisil A1+
Letter of Credit 16 Kotak Mahindra Bank
Limited Crisil A1+
Letter of Credit 38 The Federal Bank Limited Crisil A1+
Letter of Credit 11 IDFC FIRST Bank Limited Crisil A1+
Letter of Credit 25 Axis Bank Limited Crisil A1+
Letter of Credit 22.5 HDFC Bank Limited Crisil A1+
Standby Fund-Based
Limits 10 State Bank of India Crisil AA-/Stable
Term Loan 40 Bajaj Finance Limited Crisil AA-/Stable
Term Loan 37.75 HDFC Bank Limited Crisil AA-/Stable
Term Loan 5 IDFC FIRST Bank Limited Crisil AA-/Stable
Working Capital Demand
Loan 16 Bajaj Finance Limited Crisil AA-/Stable
Working Capital Term
Loan 9 State Bank of India Crisil AA-/Stable
Working Capital Term
Loan 1 State Bank of India Crisil AA-/Stable
Annexure: List of instruments and names of regulators of the instruments
As required by SEBI CRA Circular dated Feb 10, 2026, a list of activities or instruments falling under the purview of various
FSRs, along with the names of respective FSRs, is being disclosed below:
 
A. Rating activities  
[page 6]
Sr. No. Instrument / activity Name Regulator of the
instruments
1 Listed/Proposed to be listed bonds/debentures/preference share (all
securities) SEBI
2 Unlisted/Proposed to be unlisted Bonds/Debentures/ Preference share (all
securities) MCA
3 Listed PTCs / Securitisation Notes (originated by entities regulated by RBI)* SEBI
4 Listed PTCs / Securitisation Notes (originated by entities not regulated by
RBI)* SEBI
5 Unlisted PTCs / Securitisation Notes (originated by entities regulated by RBI)* RBI
6 Listed Commercial Paper and NCDs with original maturity less than 1 year RBI
7 Unlisted Commercial Paper and NCDs with original maturity less than 1 year RBI
8 Loan Facilities (Fund/Non-Fund Based) from Bank/NBFCs/NHB/FIs  ^ RBI
9 External Commercial Borrowings and other similar borrowings RBI
10 Certificates of Deposit RBI
11 Fixed Deposits raised by NBFC's, Banks, HFCs, Fis RBI
12 Fixed Deposits raised by corporates other than NBFCs, Banks, HFCs, FIs MCA
13 Inter Corporate Deposits/Loans extended by Corporates MCA
14 Borrowing programme ~ -
15 Issuer Ratings # -
16 Credit Ratings for Capital Protection Oriented Schemes (by Mutual Funds and
AIFs) SEBI
17 Credit quality ratings (CQRs) for Mutual Fund Schemes and Schemes of AIFs SEBI
18 Listed Security Receipts SEBI
19 Unlisted Security Receipts RBI
20 Independent Credit Evaluation (ICE) RBI
21 Expected Loss Ratings (for Loan Facilities (Fund/Non-Fund Based) from
Bank/NBFCs/NHB/Fis) RBI
22 Expected Loss Ratings (Listed/Proposed to be listed
bonds/debentures/preference share (all securities)) SEBI
23 Expected Loss Ratings (Unlisted/Proposed to be unlisted Bonds/Debentures/
Preference share (all securities)) MCA
24 Unlisted PTCs / Securitisation Notes (originated by entities not regulated by
RBI) *
Investor-side regulator such
as IRDAI, PFRDA @
* Includes securitisation transactions involving assignee payout, acquirer's payout.
~ The rated instrument may involve issuance of different instruments such as debt securities (listed or otherwise), bank loans,
commercial paper (listed or otherwise), etc. The regulator of the instrument may accordingly be SEBI, RBI or MCA and can only be
determined upon issuance. In PRs subsequent to issuance(s), Crisil Ratings Limited shall separately capture the rated quantum details
along with names of respective regulators.
^ Includes bank facilities such as liquidity facility, second loss facility that are part of securitisation transactions.
# There is no instrument being rated and hence, Regulator of the Instrument is not applicable. The rating scale and definitions are being
followed as stipulated in SEBI Master Circular for CRAs.
@ These ratings were assigned during regulatory regime prior to introduction of SEBI CRA Circular dated Feb 10, 2026 and the investor
side regulators have accordingly been included.
 
Note:  Kindly note that for activities or instruments falling under the purview of FSRs other than SEBI, the grievance/dispute redressal
mechanisms and investor protection mechanisms provided by SEBI shall not be available.
Criteria Details
Links to related criteria
Basics of Ratings (including default recognition, assessing information adequacy)
Criteria for consolidation
Criteria for manufacturing, trading and corporate services sector (including approach for financial ratios)
Media Relations Analytical Contacts Customer Service Helpdesk
Ramkumar Uppara
Media Relations
Crisil Limited
Nitin Kansal
Director
Crisil Ratings Limited
Timings: 10.00 am to 7.00 pm
Toll Free Number: 1800 267 3850
[page 7]
M: +91 98201 77907
B: +91 22 6137 3000
ramkumar.uppara@crisil.com
Kartik Behl
Media Relations
Crisil Limited
M: +91 90043 33899
B: +91 22 6137 3000
kartik.behl@crisil.com
Divya Pillai
Media Relations
Crisil Limited
M: +91 86573 53090
B: +91 22 6137 3000
divya.pillai1@ext-crisil.com
D:+91 124 672 2154
nitin.kansal@crisil.com
Naman Jain
Associate Director
Crisil Ratings Limited
B:+91 124 672 2000
naman.jain@crisil.com
Dhruv Gangal
Senior Rating Analyst
Crisil Ratings Limited
B:+91 124 672 2000
dhruv.gangal@crisil.com
For Analytical queries
Toll Free Number: 1800 266 6550
ratingsinvestordesk@crisil.com
For a copy of Rationales / Rating Reports:
CRISILratingdesk@crisil.com
 
 
[page 8]

[page 9]
Note for Media:
This rating rationale is transmitted to you for the sole purpose of dissemination through your newspaper/magazine/agency. The rating rationale may be
used by you in full or in part without changing the meaning or context thereof but with due credit to Crisil Ratings. However, Crisil Ratings alone has the
sole right of distribution (whether directly or indirectly) of its rationales for consideration or otherwise through any media including websites and portals.
About Crisil Ratings Limited (A subsidiary of Crisil Limited, an S&P Global Company)
Crisil Ratings pioneered the concept of credit rating in India in 1987. With a tradition of independence, analytical rigour and
innovation, we set the standards in the credit rating business. We rate the entire range of debt instruments, such as bank loans,
certificates of deposit, commercial paper, non-convertible/convertible/partially convertible bonds and debentures, perpetual
bonds, bank hybrid capital instruments, asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities, partial guarantees and other structured
debt instruments. We have rated over 33,000 large and mid-scale corporates and financial institutions. We have also instituted
several innovations in India in the rating business, including ratings for municipal bonds, partially guaranteed instruments and
infrastructure investment trusts (InvITs).
Crisil Ratings Limited ('Crisil Ratings') is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crisil Limited ('Crisil'). Crisil Ratings Limited is registered in
India as a credit rating agency with the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI").
For more information, visit www.crisilratings.com
About Crisil Limited
Crisil is a leading, agile and innovative global analytics company driven by its mission of making markets function better. 
It is India’s foremost provider of ratings, data, research, analytics and solutions with a strong track record of growth, culture of
innovation, and global footprint.
It has delivered independent opinions, actionable insights, and efficient solutions to over 100,000 customers through businesses
that operate from India, the US, the UK, Argentina, Poland, China, Hong Kong and Singapore.
It is majority owned by S&P Global Inc, a leading provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks, analytics and
data to the capital and commodity markets worldwide.
For more information, visit www.crisil.com
Connect with us: TWITTER | LINKEDIN | YOUTUBE | FACEBOOK
CRISIL PRIVACY NOTICECrisil respects your privacy. We may use your contact information, such as your name, address and email id to fulfil your request and service youraccount and to provide you with additional information from Crisil. For further information on Crisil's privacy policy please visit www.crisil.com.
DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is part of and applies to each credit rating report and/or credit rating rationale ('report') provided by Crisil Ratings
Limited ('Crisil Ratings'). For the avoidance of doubt, the term 'report' includes the information, ratings and other content forming
part of the report. The report is intended for use only within the jurisdiction of India. This report does not constitute an offer of
services. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, nothing in the report is to be construed as Crisil Ratings provision or
intention to provide any services in jurisdictions where Crisil Ratings does not have the necessary licenses and/or registration to
carry out its business activities. Access or use of this report does not create a client relationship between Crisil Ratings and the
user.
The report is a statement of opinion as on the date it is expressed, and it is not intended to and does not constitute investment
advice within meaning of any laws or regulations (including US laws and regulations). The report is not an offer to sell or an offer
to purchase or subscribe to any investment in any securities, instruments, facilities or solicitation of any kind to enter into any
deal or transaction with the entity to which the report pertains. The recipients of the report should rely on their own judgment and
take their own professional advice before acting on the report in any way.
Crisil Ratings’ products / activities or ratings of instruments other than ‘securities that are listed or proposed to be listed’ may fall
under the purview of financial sector regulators (FSRs) other than SEBI. In respect of such products / activities or ratings (under
the purview of other FSRs such as Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), Insurance Regulatory and
Development Authority of India (IRDAI), among others), the grievance / dispute redressal and investor protection mechanisms
[page 10]
available under SEBI regulations shall not be applicable.
 
A list of products/activities or ratings of instruments falling under the purview of various FSRs along with the names of respective
FSRs has been duly disclosed by Crisil Ratings on its website. A link to the same has been provided below for ready reference:
https://www.crisilratings.com/en/home/our-business/ratings/regulatory-disclosures/list-of-activities-instruments-and-names-of-
regulators.html
Crisil Ratings and its associates do not act as a fiduciary. The report is based on the information believed to be reliable as of the
date it is published, Crisil Ratings does not perform an audit or undertake due diligence or independent verification of any
information it receives and/or relies on for preparation of the report. THE REPORT IS PROVIDED ON “AS IS” BASIS. TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, CRISIL RATINGS DISCLAIMS WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, ERROR-FREE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, NON-INTERRUPTION, SATISFACTORY QUALITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR INTENDED USAGE. In no event shall Crisil Ratings, its associates, third-party
providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents be liable to any party for any direct, indirect,
incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees or losses
(including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs) in connection with any use of any part of the report
even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
The report is confidential information of Crisil Ratings and Crisil Ratings reserves all rights, titles and interest in the rating report.
The report shall not be altered, disseminated, distributed, redistributed, licensed, sub-licensed, sold, assigned or published any
content thereof or offer access to any third party without prior written consent of Crisil Ratings.
Crisil Ratings or its associates may have other commercial transactions with the entity to which the report pertains or its
associates. Ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by Crisil Ratings. Crisil Ratings may receive compensation
for its ratings and certain credit-related analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of the instruments, facilities, securities or
from obligors.
Crisil Ratings has in place a ratings code of conduct and policies for managing conflict of interest. For more detail, please refer
to: https://www.crisilratings.com/en/home/our-businesses/ratings/regulatory-disclosures/highlighted-policies.html. Public ratings
and analysis by Crisil Ratings, as are required to be disclosed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India regulations
(and other applicable regulations, if any), are made available on its websites, www.crisilratings.com and
https://www.ratingsanalytica.com (free of charge). Crisil Ratings shall not have the obligation to update the information in the
Crisil Ratings report following its publication although Crisil Ratings may disseminate its opinion and/or analysis. Reports with
more detail and additional information may be available for subscription at a fee.  Rating criteria by Crisil Ratings are available on
the Crisil Ratings website, www.crisilratings.com. For the latest rating information on any company rated by Crisil Ratings, you
may contact the Crisil Ratings desk at crisilratingdesk@crisil.com, or at (0091) 1800 267 3850.
Crisil Ratings shall have no liability, whatsoever, with respect to any copies, modifications, derivative works, compilations or
extractions of any part of this [report/ work products], by any person, including by use of any generative artificial intelligence or
other artificial intelligence and machine learning models, algorithms, software, or other tools. Crisil Ratings takes no
responsibility for such unauthorized copies, modifications, derivative works, compilations or extractions of its [report/ work
products] and shall not be held liable for any errors, omissions of inaccuracies in such copies, modifications, derivative works,
compilations or extractions. Such acts will also be in breach of Crisil Ratings’ intellectual property rights or contrary to the laws of
India and Crisil Ratings shall have the right to take appropriate actions, including legal actions against any such breach.
Crisil Ratings uses the prefix 'PP-MLD' for the ratings of principal-protected market-linked debentures (PPMLD) with effect from
November 1, 2011, to comply with the SEBI circular, "Guidelines for Issue and Listing of Structured Products/Market Linked
Debentures". The revision in rating symbols for PPMLDs should not be construed as a change in the rating of the subject
instrument. For details on Crisil Ratings' use of 'PP-MLD' please refer to the notes to Rating scale for Debt Instruments and
Structured Finance Instruments at the following link: https://www.crisilratings.com/en/home/our-business/ratings/credit-ratings-
scale.html
 
