[page 1]
Poly Medicure Limited 
Regd. Office: 232 B, 3rd Floor, Okhla Industrial Estate, 
Phase-Ill, New Delhi - 110 020 (INDIA) 
T: +91-11- 33550700, 47317000 
E: info@polymedicure.com W. polymedicure.com 
CIN: L 40300DL 1995PLC066923 
Date: nu, February, 2026 
Scrip Code: - 531768 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001. 
'IPOLYMED 
Scrip Code: - POL YMED 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1-Block-G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), 
Mumbai-400051. 
Subject: Submission of Transcript for Q3-FY26 Earning Conference Call under the SEBI 
(Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements), Regulation, 2015 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby submit Transcript of the investor Meet/Call held on 06ili 
February, 2026, at 16:00 P.M. (1ST) on the Un Audited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2025, on Standalone and Consolidated basis, 
which were considered and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting 
held on 05ili February, 2026. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Sincerely 
For Poly Medicure Limited 
>"'-·"' 
.. 
"t 
,. 
· ◊ 
A vinash Chandra 
Company Secretary 
M. No. A32270 
Encl: As above 
Plants : Plot No. l 04-105 & 115-116-117, Sector-59, HSIIDC Industrial Area, Ballabgarh, Faridabad - 121004, Haryana (INDIA) 
Plot No. 33-34, Sector-68, IMT, Faridabad-121004, {Haryana) INDIA T: +91-129-4287000, 3355070 
AVINASH 
CHANDRA
Digitally signed by 
AVINASH CHANDRA 
Date: 2026.02.11 
15:10:21 +05'30'

[page 2]
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Poly Medicure Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 06, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HIMANSHU BAID – MANAGING DIRECTOR – POLY 
MEDICURE LIMITED 
MR. NARESH VIJAYVERGIYA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – POLY MEDICURE LIMITED 
MR. RAHUL GAUTAM – PRESIDENT, STRATEGY AND 
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT – POLY MEDICURE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Poly Medicure Limited Q3 and 9 Months 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Today on this call, we have with us the senior management team of the company represented by 
Mr. Himanshu Baid, the Managing Director; Mr. Naresh Vijayvergiya, CFO; Mr. Rahul Gautam, 
President, Strategy and Corporate Development.  
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Himanshu Baid. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Thank you very much. Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to our Q3 FY '26 earnings 
call. I sincerely thank all of you for being there today. Before we delve into the core of today's 
presentation, I'd like to share a few significant developments that underscore Polymed's dynamic 
growth and execution capability. 
 
We are currently transitioning from low technology products to high complexity, high-growth 
segment. This isn't just a change in our product list, it's a fundamental upgrade of our business 
model. Our expansion into cardiology, critical care and more recently into orthopedics is a 
reflection of that transition. 
 
Having said that, this doesn't mean that we are not focusing on our core infusion business, which 
is generating significant profits, enabling us to invest into these new high-growth areas. This 
transition is reflective of our intent to make Polymed as one of its kind medtech platform, which 
is servicing patients across all key therapeutic areas and creating a larger entry barriers. 
 
Some additional color to this is provided below. First, on strategic expansion. We have 
successfully completed the acquisitions of PendraCare and Citieffe Group. These are not just 
transactions. These are strategic additions to significantly enhance our portfolio and market 
reach. This European footprint provides us Made in Europe advantage, access to high-end 
technologies, strong quality standards, faster regulatory approvals and deeper engagement with 
European customers. I'm happy to report that the integration process is underway and 
progressing very well, positioning us to realize synergies over the next few years. 
 
Second, on the innovation and regulatory momentum, we have another exciting announcement. 
We have recently received full regulatory approval from DCGI for 2 groundbreaking next-
generation products, Intravenous Lithotripsy System, IVL and Drug Eluting Balloon, DEB. This 
approval equips us to address complex cardiovascular conditions with advanced minimally 
invasive solutions here in India. Both these products have been developed from the R&D 
platform of Polymed. 
 
I now take you through the quarter 3 and 9-month highlights for the next 15, 20 minutes. And 
then after that, we will open up for Q&A. For quarter ended December '25, we have consolidated 
revenue of INR494 crores, marking an overall year-on-year growth of approximately 16.4% and 
on a quarter-on-quarter growth of 11.2%. 

[page 4]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
 
The gross profit in quarter 2 was INR338 crores and quarter 3 was INR338 crores, reflecting a 
margin of gross margin of 68.4%, an increase of almost 300 bps as compared to quarter 3 last 
year. The operating EBITDA for Q3 was INR119 crores. It excludes acquisition-related cost of 
around INR6 crores to INR7 crores, delivering an operating EBITDA margin of 24.2%.  
On a stand-alone basis, operating EBITDA is INR112 crores, reflecting an EBITDA margin of 
26.8%. On the bottom line, the profit after tax totaled INR71 crores, impacted by INR6.8 crores 
of extraordinary expenses due to implementation of Labor Code as well as acquisition-related 
expenses. Both were onetime costs. 
 
Moving on to 9 months ended December '25. We have a consolidated revenue of INR1,341 
crores, marking an overall year on growth of approximately 9.1%. Gross profit in 9 months was 
INR922 crores, reflecting a gross margin of 68.8%, an increase of almost 190 bps as compared 
to 9 months last year. 
 
Operating EBITDA for 9 months was INR345 crores, excluding acquisition costs of INR9.7 
crores, delivering an operating EBITDA margin of 25.8%, slightly lower down from 27.4% last 
year. Here also the operating EBITDA for 9 months has been taken for PendraCare and Citieffe 
Group also. 
 
On the bottom line, profit after tax totaled INR256 crores, impacted by INR6.8 crores for 
extraordinary expenses due to implementation of Labor Code as well as acquisition-related costs 
compared to INR247 crores in 9 months last year, translating a Y-o-Y growth of 3.6% and a net 
margin of 17.7%. 
 
Further, I would like to share the business highlights of 2 key geographical areas: domestic; and 
international. In Q3 FY '26, our domestic revenue grew year-on-year basis of 16.2% and 18% 
on a 9-month basis. Further in the domestic business, our private market, which is almost 90% 
of our current domestic business grew by 22.5%, while the government business, which is 
around 10% to 12% of our current business has witnessed a degrowth of 18%.  
And deliberately, we are reducing our government business exposure as the prices are lower in 
government business. And also, of course, when we supply to state government, we also 
encounter a lot of payment delays. So gradually, we have been decreasing this business over the 
years. And I think the target is that private business should be close to 92% to 93% and 
government business will stay around 6% to 7%. 
 
Contribution of domestic revenue to our overall consolidated revenue has increased to 32% as 
we have also increased this year more than around 80 to 90 people in the domestic team to grow 
our new businesses. We continue to outpace the competition in domestic market with quite 
significantly and hence, our conviction to invest higher amounts in domestic market is highly -- 
is only getting stronger. This is reflected in the fact that we've added almost 80 to 90 new sales 
reps in the last 9 months. 
 
Our International business segment delivered a revenue of INR342 crores. It has shown a 16.6% 
year-on-year growth. Our current international organic business is stabilizing, while we start 
consolidating results of our 2 new acquisitions. The performance in quarter 3 is reflective of 

[page 5]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
stabilization of operating environment in international markets, and we are hopeful that things 
will improve going forward. Having said that, there are still considerable uncertainties, 
specifically around aggressive China dumping as well as trade-related disruption. 
 
The recent trades announcement with EU, U.K., U.S. creates good long-term opportunity for 
Indian companies in medical devices, and we are hopeful that we should be able to capitalize on 
them and when they get formalized on both sides. 
 
The revenue from Europe stood at INR162 crores in quarter 3 FY '26, showing a year-on-year 
growth of 25.7%. Revenue from rest of the world region has grown at 9.5% from quarter 3 '25 
to reach INR181 crores in quarter 3 of FY '26. 
 
Now let me give you an update on each business segment. Regional business has not grown in 
line with our expectations due to pressure from Chinese suppliers as I've told earlier that there's 
a lot of dumping done by Chinese companies. And globally, you have seen that data that Chinese 
exports have considerably increased, though they were minus 20% in U.S., but still they've 
grown 25% to 30% in all other global markets, because they have been dumping and reducing 
pricing. That's been the strategy for last 1.5 years. 
 
Our Q3 FY '26 revenue stands at INR45 crores, up from INR39 crores in Renal business, 
marking a year-on-year increase of 15.1%, though our quarter-on-quarter growth has been very 
miniscule around 2%. Further, our 9 months FY '26 revenue stands at INR133 crores, up from 
INR106 crores in 9 months, marking a year-on-year increase of 24.7%.  
We have sold more than 300-plus machines till now. And hopefully, we end the year close to 
around 450 machines, though it is slightly lower than what is projected around 500 to 600 
machines earlier. The growth slowed down a bit this quarter. We expect to end this year a 
revenue of around INR180 crores. 
 
Poly Medicure holds 10% share of the dialysis market today with a target of 15% to 17% over 
the next 2, 3 years. So we are already pushing hard. And I think also we are going back to the 
government about Chinese companies using FTA countries to bring products in India at 0 duty. 
And I think probably that's a bigger concern today.  
And even today, I had a meeting with the Secretary in the medical device department and 
pharmacy department, and we have clearly told them that what is happening today and what is 
actually hampering India's exports and India's manufacturing growth, what are these factors. 
 
Cardiology and orthopedic business, before we throw light on our cardiology business, I'd like 
to highlight that our recent acquisition of PendraCare in cardiology and Citieffe in orthopedics 
are getting consolidated in this quarter. There is the full year impact will be the full year impact 
will be visible in FY '27.  
Further, both entities are bringing valuable EU MDR, FDA-approved products and 
manufacturing facilities. Currently, both the businesses are operating at 50% to 60% of the 
current capacity, offering a clear and immediate pathway for growth as we integrate and scale. 

[page 6]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
We will use India leverage to drive cost competitiveness in both these business and expand their 
market presence. 
 
Coming back to domestic cardiology business. As of date, we have already implanted more than 
7,000 drug-eluting stents, a strong signal that our product is getting traction and earning 
favorable feedback from our patients and interventional cardiologists. Further clinical study for 
our RisoR stent is in progress. More than 200-plus patients have been already enrolled across 
multiple sites in India. 
 
Along with this, I pointed out above, we have received approvals for Intravenous Lithotripsy 
System, IVL and Drug-Eluting Balloons, DEB. Both are expected to be commercialized soon. 
Both of these products are high-end technology product with ASP in excess of INR1,15,000, 
respectively. This will further enhance our capabilities in this segment and deepen engagement 
with cardiologists. Strategically, these developments, along with our recent acquisition of 
PendraCare Group positions us for global growth in cardiology space. 
 
We are steadily moving up the technology chain in medical device market. And these initiatives 
plus us well to capture meaningful market share initially to develop domestic market and over 
time in international arena. And I just want to bring to your notice that both these products are 
currently imported in the country. More than 90% of the demand is met through imports. And I 
think we'll be one of the first companies to indigenously develop these technologies and sell into 
the Indian market. 
 
On the infusion therapy front, yes, the business has been a little bit a laggard. We have just 
delivered a 5% year on growth in Q2 despite the weakness in international markets earlier in this 
year. We expect the segment to maintain historical growth momentum as international market 
conditions normalize. Leveraging our global leadership in infusion system and delivery devices, 
we are poised to emerge stronger and capture additional market share. Additionally, I would like 
to point out that we are also developing more products in this category to move up the value 
chain. 
 
Liquidity position our investment thesis. Turning to our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with 
a liquidity of INR840 crores. This strong cash position allows us to continue backing ambitious 
growth strategy, both organic and inorganic. As mentioned earlier, we have completed 2 
acquisitions in this financial year. Our further thesis focuses on technology acquisitions that 
complement our verticals, critical care, cardiology and other adjacencies, including orthopedics. 
We will keep the market informed as and when we move forward with new opportunities. 
 
Now let me connect to this, our forward-looking outlook. We expect H2 to end at around 20% 
higher revenue, as I mentioned in the previous call, than H1 on a consol basis as guided in the 
last quarter. At the same time, I'm pleased to share that our U.S. business admissions remain 
robust with the next 3 to 4 years, we expect meaningfully scale our U.S. revenues, driven by 
new contracts and regulatory approvals. With the acquisition of Citieffe and PendraCare, we 
currently have 15 products approved under U.S. FDA administration with a further 5, 7 products 
at various stages of approval process. We are reinitiating conversations with our customers 
whom we had already signed contracts after a reduction in reciprocal tariffs to 18% to understand 

[page 7]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
where they are on their project development. We will be in a better position to provide more 
clarity on this potential U.S. revenue post this conversation. 
 
It is worth emphasizing that U.S. India trade is a strong positive for Polymed as it significantly 
enhances our competitiveness of Indian medical devices in the U.S. by cutting tariffs from 15% 
to 18%, making products like disposables where we have a leadership position globally, far more 
cost effective. It also unlocks major export growth potential in other key advanced markets while 
boosting investor confidence into medtech manufacturing R&D in India. 
 
On a 9-month basis, our stand-alone EBITDA margin is 26.6%, which is at the higher end of the 
guidance as per what we have provided at the beginning of the year, and we expect to remain 
maintain it for the rest of the year. On a consolidated basis, EBITDA margin will be lower due 
to impact of full consolidation of the 2 acquisitions, which operate at lower EBITDA margins 
currently. 
 
We continue to invest in future growth with a capex of INR234 crores we have done in the first 
9 months of the current financial year. These funds will be deployed to set up new factories in 
Mitrol and Haridwar.  Faridabad, Haryana, with Haridwar also in Utarakhand as well as expand 
capacity at our existing plants. 
 
Also during the year bought additional land at YEIDA Medical Devices Park near Noida in 
Jewar. And this facility, once we get approvals from the local authorities, we will start 
constructing a new facility there. And hopefully, in the next 18 months to 24 months, this facility 
also will be operational. We expect the 3 new plants to be fully operational within the next 18 
to 24 months. 
 
In summary, quarter 3 financial '26 has reaffirmed that fundamental strength of our business 
model. We delivered double-digit growth domestically, maintain healthy margins, improved 
operating EBITDA performance and drove significant product innovation with continuing to 
invest in sustainability, scale, future, capacity through R&D and green initiatives.  
Of course, for Q4, we definitely will maintain guidance that we should be able to do a higher 
revenue in Q4 as compared to Q3 and our guidance is between 9% to 10%. So overall, when we 
compare H1 to H2 from H1 to H2, we should see a revenue increase of 20% overall. And that's 
what we have guided also in the last call. 
 
Thank you very much for your attention, and thank you very much for your time. I now hand 
over the call back to the operator. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from 
the line of Suruchi Parmar from NX Wealth Management. 
Suruchi Parmar: 
Am I audible? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, please. Please go ahead. 

[page 8]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Suruchi Parmar: 
Just want an explanation on your stand-alone revenue growth is only 2% and the consolidated 
revenue growth is 16%. So is the consolidated revenue growth basically because of the new 
acquisitions? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, that is correct. 
Suruchi Parmar: 
Okay. So what about the stand-alone revenue growth, like what you are seeing going forward? 
Himanshu Baid: 
See, basically, as I have told earlier, I think we face certain headwinds on the export front, 
especially in the European markets. And I think that was the main reason for lower growth of 
stand-alone revenue. But as I've been mentioning in my previous calls also, as markets are 
getting better, we see conditions changing. 
 
Of course, last year has been a difficult year, especially with the freight crisis and then, of course, 
China dumping excessively in various markets. So we saw a muted or maybe almost a small 
negative growth on the export front. But now things are looking better. And I think as we see 
this year, especially in Europe, we are adding 5 to 6 new customers starting April.  
So, this will and especially in developed markets. I think this time, we are also getting some new 
contracts in U.K., especially with the NHS. So all that will help us to grow back the European 
business, which has been very laggard or lacking the growth actually. 
Suruchi Parmar: 
Okay. So these customers will be for infusion therapy segment or renal or cardio? Can you 
specify? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Mainly for infusion because the business which has taken a little bit of a backstep is the infusion 
business. See that is what we are trying to grow and grow this business. So initially, you have 
seen that EU has transitioned to a new regulatory system from MDD to MDR. And we had to 
drop many products initially in the bargain because it was taking a long time to get the approvals. 
So many products were pending. 
 
And now as time has progressed, we have ordered a few more products in last quarter, which 
are EU MDR approved, which helps us to sell those products in the European market. And these 
are mainly critical care vascular access products, they got approval recently. And within I think 
next 6 months, we hope that we get another 15 new products will be EU MDR approved, which 
we can sell in the European markets with the same customer base and sale market. So I think 
that is what we are targeting right now. And all that is part of the regulatory and work we have 
been doing in last 6 to 8 months. 
Suruchi Parmar: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, these new products that you have got approval for cardiovascular IVL and 
DEB, these are basically for the Indian market only, not for exports, correct? 
Himanshu Baid: 
It will take at least 2 to 3 years to get regulatory approvals for global markets. Our first task is 
to sell these products in India like what we are doing for DES right now. All the 7,000 stents 
which have been implanted are in India right now. Though we have clinical registry in Europe 
and India both, which is 50 to 60 people will be implanted with stents out in Europe and which 
have already finalized that process. 

[page 9]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
 
And India, already as part of that program, we have already 200 patients already enrolled in the 
clinical registry. So gradually, see, the regulatory cycle is very, very long for medical devices, 
especially for critical devices which are falling in Class 3 devices, which are implantable for 
long term. So mostly companies spend 3 to 5 years in getting approvals for global markets. 
Suruchi Parmar: 
So can you specify how much will be the market for these products, the cardiovascular products 
which you have got the approval? 
Himanshu Baid: 
So basically, these are completely new technologies like drug-eluting balloon, our new 
technology because these are used in angioplasty. And today, in India, we are implanting almost 
1.3 million stents. And while we are doing around close to 700,000 angioplasties today in India. 
Average per patient is around 1.6, 1.7 stents. So basically, to remove the plaque and sometimes 
just to ensure that there are no stents, people use drug-eluting balloons. 
 
And even IVL is basically used for cutting the plaque in the arteries. So these are fairly new 
technologies in India and I think completely dominated by multinational companies. So I think 
we are one of the first pioneers to launch this product. So, market will grow, but I think I don't 
have any numbers because I just got the approval.  
But the market will keep on increasing as the stent market in last 5 years has almost doubled. So 
similarly, these products, probably in India, I would say around 50,000 DEBs are sold or maybe 
around 10,000 IVLs are sold. So eventually, these products will almost become 2x, 3x in the 
next 3 to 5 years. 
Suruchi Parmar: 
Okay. Okay, sir. I just want to clarify one thing. Like when Poly Medicure export to either U.S. 
or Europe or U.K. So you sell directly to the hospitals or the doctors or you sell to their pharma 
distribution players? 
Himanshu Baid: 
So the business is very clearly sell to distribution partners who specifically have their own teams, 
medical device distributors, who specifically have their own teams, which can go to hospitals 
and promote the products. So we work in collaboration with these distributors, and we 
continuously train these people. Like last week, our team was in France, visiting at least 10 to 
15 hospitals and training with the local distributors, their reps and the clinical nurses and doctors 
in France or we have done in the previous month in Spain before that. 
 
So we continuously engage in those kinds of programs so that they understand our product, they 
get more the users get more friendlier with the technologies and the products we are 
manufacturing. And that's a continuous process. So it's actually done through distribution 
partners. 
Suruchi Parmar: 
Just one last question. Can you specify the revenue mix going forward in FY '27, what you 
envision from cardio, renal and infusion therapy? 
Himanshu Baid: 
See, in fact, we have not carved out those numbers, and we'll be able to give you more clarity 
once we formalize the business plan for FY '27, which should be in the next maybe 3 to 5 weeks. 
I think that will be to give you a better position. But what we are seeing right now that domestic 

[page 10]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
business overall should grow around 25% for next year. That's the plan for next that's the plan 
we have been making and we are working on that. 
 
And export business should grow around 12% to 15% because we had, let's say, a lower 
threshold, and I think now we should grow faster. So we are seeing probably growing at 12% to 
15%. So that is what we are calling out. So overall, both the businesses will grow definitely. 
And this is but individually, I don't have the numbers to tell you right now. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Nilkhant from Aquirus Securties. 
Nilkhant: 
Yes. Sir, if I heard correctly, you mentioned about the 20% growth in H2 compared to H1, right 
sir, if that is the case? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes. 
Nilkhant: 
So if that is the case, in a 4Q, you have to grow it almost around 18% to 19% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
But I also heard you mentioned about the quarter-on-quarter growth of almost around 10% to 
11% in 4Q. So am I missing something or like can you please guide on that part? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes. So if you see our H1 revenue was close around INR840-odd crores, that's what the number 
I remember. But we will end the H2 around INR1,025 crores, INR1,030 crores. So maybe that 
ballpark number. I don't remember exactly. And when we look at the growth number so we are 
seeing almost 20% growth H1 over H2. If you see the quarter 3 numbers the revenue is close to 
INR493 crores and quarter 4, the revenue was close to INR530 crores or something that number 
close to that number. So basically, if you start computing the 2 details, it will come to rev 20% 
growth number. 
Nilkhant: 
Okay. And sir, I see the employee cost increasing very sharply, and I assume that is largely 
because of the acquisition, the recently acquired company because at the stand-alone level, the 
employee cost as a percentage is close to 20%, but at the consol level, it's 23%. So going forward, 
should we assume this kind of employee cost for the purpose of that modeling? Or like how do 
you see it? 
Himanshu Baid: 
See, as we go deeper into higher technologies, we definitely need more skilled people. Like 
today, if I was hiring a person for my infusion business, it will cost around INR60,000 to 
INR70,000 for example, ballpark. But if I'm hiring somebody for cardiology, it's going to cost 
me INR2 lakh a month, right? So, because last year, if you see in just 9 months in this year, we 
have hired over 90-odd people.  
Actually, number Rahul was saying is 100, close to 100. So we have almost hired 100 people. 
Now all these people will become productive in the coming, so we are building the whole 
operational structure. We are hiring clinical people because if you're trying to sell high-end 
medical devices, I need the skill set within the organization. 
 
We have hired a lot of people in R&D because we are supporting the other 2 acquisitions we 
have done. So a lot of R&D will happen at back end in India. A lot of operational excellence we 

[page 11]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
are building in India for those companies also. So a lot of hiring are happening, and we are going 
to build that. And that is built in the model today. 
 
If you remember in the beginning of the year, we had guided for 25% to 27% EBITDA, whereas 
we were already doing close to 27.5% EBITDA in FY '25. Why we guided? Because we knew 
that we were working on these acquisitions. We knew that initially, these companies work at 
lower EBITDA. So the cost pressure will come in on the overall system. But now as we have 
done the acquisitions, we have done 1 quarter, we know where we are heading, and we still 
maintained on stand-alone basis 26.8% EBITDA margin. So this is very close to that 27% 
number higher spectrum. 
 
And I think this will continue for a while because it's important that we build the competence in 
the organization. These products need a lot of skilling for selling to doctors, hospitals. And if we 
don't have the skills, we can't sell a product for INR1.5 lakhs. From selling a product of INR15, 
we are now moving to selling a product of INR1.5 lakhs. So we need a lot of skill sets. And 
that's what we are doing right now. 
Nilkhant: 
Okay. Got it, sir. And sir, I assume that if I'm correct, you mentioned about from earlier guidance 
of machines from 550 to you have now guided to 450, right? So what is that we revised in the 
guidance downward side, particularly in the dialysis machine? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes. So dialysis machine, again, if you see, we have guided 500 to 600 machines in the beginning 
of the year, but we may end around at 450, certain government contracts are delayed because, 
again, if you look at the big  most of the larger companies are selling not just selling machines, 
they're placing machines into hospitals. Like Fresenius and Nipro, they place machines in the 
hospital and then because they have a larger balance sheet, they can do that. And then they work 
on a 5-year, 7-year contract for supplying consumables. 
 
Here, what we are trying to do, we are trying to move away from this model, where we are able 
to sell the machine to the user. And that is what we are doing. And certain of course dialysis 
program is very well funded by the central government and also state government. So, 80% to 
90% ,70%-80% of patients are going to government-driven dialysis centers. And we are working 
on certain large, I think, contracts. And hopefully, we might get them before March, but our 
current visibility is 450 machines, but we don't know, it can be 470 also. But it is prudent that to 
give a number, which we think is, it can be done. 
 
And I think next year, as most of these contracts may go into next year because of budgeting 
issues. I think we may see a lot bigger number. But again, we can't predict too much. Of course, 
we have, I think bidded in contracts, we have more than 600 machines already as of now, which 
are in pipeline. But when they come is a question mark. 
Nilkhant: 
Okay. And also, sir, just wanted to know by the end of the 9 months FY '26, what would be our 
ballpark, if you can help me with the working capital numbers? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Working capital numbers? 
Nilkhant: 
Right. Probably in terms of days or absolute numbers, either of the 2. 

[page 12]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Management: 
You want the net working capital number? 
Nilkhant: 
Yes. 
Management: 
Our net working capital number for 9 months will be close to 140 days. 
Nilkhant: 
140 days. Okay. Okay, sir. And sir, just one last question, if I can ask. Sir, I see ROW portion 
has not been picking up very fast. So what are we doing to increase that kind of, I see you're 
now doing good at least on a Q-o-Q basis. But when we say from the ROW perspective, like 
how should we do see it like when it can pick, what kind of concentrated efforts we are taking 
to gaining it done? 
Himanshu Baid: 
See, I'll tell you how the business. Business into 3 parts, one is India, one is Europe and one is 
rest of the world. So rest of the world also had Americas, Rest of the world also has Latin 
America, Middle East, Asia. So in every market, we have may also change. let me also brief 
people on the call. We have also changed the way we used to do business. 
 
Today, it's not that you can make cheaper or you can sell a product. If I need to compete with 
China, I have to be 10% cheaper than China, if I had to break that market. But that is not 
happening because China's volume numbers are very different than India, they're 10x bigger 
than us. So how do we win the market? How do we win contracts? How do we sell more 
products? 
 
So we have to reorient ourselves towards clinical side of the business. So today, we have 
employed more than hired more than 25 people in the clinical team, which are not going globally. 
So as I talked about earlier that we sent teams to France to Spain. So we are sending teams to 
different, different markets. And I think we have limited time, but I think and that is what is 
changing. 
 
And once we engage more deeply with clinicians, hospitals, in those specific markets, we will 
see business growing. And I think that is the strategy we've adopted 6 to 8 months ago. And we 
are now going to see more results from that strategy. And that's the reason we are optimistic 
about Europe now because we have changed the traction. And I think rest of the world, we are 
also doing similar exercise. 
Nilkhant: 
Got it, sir. Got it. And sir, just your broader sense on how do you see the EU portion shaping up 
well for us when compared to the Chinese dumping? And how do you see the situation going 
on? 
Himanshu Baid: 
See, today, it's not in my hands that I can change the situation. The only thing we can do is come 
with better technology products. Products which perform better in performance because these 
are mechanical devices. These are not pharmaceutical products, it's not a pill that you pop it. So 
these are metal devices, needs training. 
 
So we are focusing a lot, as I mentioned in my last meeting also -- that we have started our PACE 
Foundation, which is just for clinical training for doctors and nurses. We opened the first PACE 
Academy in Delhi, and now we are going to open more in future. So I think a lot of work is 

[page 13]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
happening on the clinical side development side. And we will see better results in coming times 
because this industry has a very long gestation. 
 
If you see medtech industry overall, in last 25, 30 years where we've been in existence, not -- 
except Meril is an outlier because they have got cardiology and orthopedic products, we've just 
started. So there's not a single company which has come closer to what we are doing. So you 
have to see that this industry has complexities. This industry needs regulatory approval. This 
industry needs innovation. And we have been working very hard on that. 
 
And fortunately, the cash flows are very good for us, it's had sufficient. We'll keep on investing. 
I think it's a matter of patience. But yes, the number will start looking much better next year. I 
definitely hope that we should get to a 20% growth number next year. And that is our core target 
actually. 
Nilkhant: 
20% on FY '27, you are saying, right? 
Himanshu Baid: 
20% over FY '26 number. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investment. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Sir, since last few con call, we are bullish, but 9 months data do not say something else. So how 
you compete with China in renal? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Renal is probably today 10% of our total business. I can't just say that 10% business, I'm going 
to compete with China, rest I'm not going to compete. So we have to continually keep fighting 
for the business. And I think we still are the only company making these products in India. And 
I think we have been pushing the government to put an antidumping on Chinese dumping, which 
is happening in India. 
They are getting products at 0 duty in India. So any industry -- forget about medical devices, 
any industry which has 0 duty with Chinese manufacturing, can it survive in India? I don't think 
so. None of the industries will survive in India with a 0 duty. Today, even on iPhones, we have 
20% duty coming from outside. So -- or even cars have 100% duty, on the 120% duty. 
 
So I think fundamentally, government will have to take corrective steps to increase duties on 
Chinese products or products which are imported at low cost into India to ensure that the 
domestic market survive. Otherwise, none of the any medical device industry, today, we still are 
70% import dependent on medical devices. We are not the only, let's say, player in the whole 
industry is dependent on imports. 
 
So the only way to come out of this is that unless until the industry is protected, even after PLI, 
nothing has happened. So I think fundamentally, there has to be a systemic change. And I think 
that is what we are working with the government on the policy side that at least for the industry 
building itself dependency in India, at least there should be some protection and protection from 
dumping from China because that has happened across every industry across the world. It is not 
medical devices alone. 

[page 14]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Ravi Naredi: 
So in renal, we are 10% only you are saying. So what is our main business? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Main business is vascular access, sir infusion vascular access. It is around close to 62%, 63% of 
our main business. 
Ravi Naredi: 
And in that business also, we are facing competition from China? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Sir, every industry are facing competition. Why we'll not face competition from China? Every 
industry is facing competition from China. I think it's a matter of time. And I think if you have 
heard my comments I've made to other participants earlier. Next year, we have already called 
out that we should come back to that 20% growth. And definitely, domestic looks better. We 
may grow at 25%. But international business, especially exports, we are saying between 12% to 
15%. International numbers, yes. 
Ravi Naredi: 
But margins should be there because drastically margin reduced, so everything is bad shape now. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Sir, why margin in bad shape, sir? We are at 26.8% EBITDA margin. How you say margin is 
bad? 
Ravi Naredi: 
You see the net profit margin this quarter, 17.5% in the street of 19.7%. 
Himanshu Baid: 
It is because of 2 exceptional items which we called out in the beginning of the call. If you have 
not maybe heard that part. 
Ravi Naredi: 
No, no. I heard. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes. So this is INR15 crores of exceptional cost in last quarter because of labor code adjustment, 
which we had to do. Every company has done that. And secondly, there is an acquisition cost, 
which has been now expensed out in the last quarter, which we have done 2 acquisition of. So 
it's a INR15 crores. If you add back INR15 crores, you will see a similar margin, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Naman Bagrecha from IIFL Capital Services. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
Sir, just a clarification. You guided for. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Sir, slightly louder. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
You guided for export business for 12% to 15% kind of growth for FY '27. I presume that this 
includes the acquisitions as well or this. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
Or this is like own export okay. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes. So the international business guidance about 10% to 15% growth. And if you see 9 months, 
we have grown around 9% on the international business close. So maybe Rahul can correct me 
on the numbers, but around 9% to 10%. And hopefully, by the year-end, we should grow around 
13-odd percent, I think. 

[page 15]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Naman Bagrecha: 
Sir, can you call out the revenue contribution from these 2 acquisitions, PendraCare and Citieffe 
for the quarter? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Rahul can give you. 
Rahul Gautam: 
These 2 acquisitions for quarter 3 have added about INR48 crores, INR49 crores to the top line. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
Okay, sir. Okay. Sir, one more thing on the India business. Given that renal is facing challenges 
and China being China, they might keep on dumping in every category that we are operating. 
How confident are you in terms of this 25% domestic business growth guidance, if you could 
help us in terms of what would be the drivers, etcetera? 
Himanshu Baid: 
See, if you see the numbers, as I said earlier, that domestic business, private business, which is 
around 88% of our current business has grown around 23% odd. And government business 
deliberately, we have been trying to shrink it because of somehow payments and payment cycle 
getting longer and also caused pressures there. So, and we don't want that because for us, more 
stable business because also the government is more tender-driven, so you don't know what's 
happening. 
 
Domestic, private business is where we are going to corporate hospitals and large hospitals, that 
business is more steadier for us. And we've been gaining market share. And this year, we have 
grown that business by 23%. That is 88% of our domestic business. 
 
So next year, because as we have many more new contracts, which have come in this year with 
private hospitals, today, you can see Polymed products in every top private chain in the country. 
This was not the case 5 years ago. So we have done a lot of work internally to match our quality 
performance to the top multinational players globally. And that has helped us to gain that market 
share. 
 
So next year also, we will be the reason we are calling it out. The next year, because of what we 
have done this year and also some of the new businesses we have developed over the last 6 to 8 
months like cardiology, critical care and so on and so forth, that will help us to grow our domestic 
business by 25%. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
Okay. Fair enough. One more thing on the acquisitions. What has been, let's say, I mean, your 
internal target in terms of how much scale can we do for these 2 businesses, let's say, in next 1 
or 2 years? So currently. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Naman you're not, can you please repeat that, please? Sorry. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
Yes, sir. Sorry. What could be the contribution of these 2 acquisitions going ahead, FY '27, '28? 
Can it be, let's say, around 15%, 16% kind of contribution, top line contribution? 
Rahul Gautam: 
No, no. So Naman, if you recall the announcement that we made about these 2 acquisitions, 
Citieffe when we acquired was about a EUR 17.5 million business. PendraCare was close to 
EUR 10 million business on an annualized basis. So we expect both these businesses to 
obviously grow in 2026 as well and FY '27 effectively for us. 

[page 16]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
 
And so both these businesses added about 16% to 17% of our revenue base of FY '25. And we 
expect a similar portion, maybe slightly lower because our core business, hopefully will grow 
faster than them. So somewhere in the range of 15% or so is their revenue contribution to the 
overall consolidated revenue for next year. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
Okay. Okay. And on the own exports business, if we look FY '27, 10% to 15% guidance includes 
acquisition, which implies that our own export business probably will see a single-digit kind of 
decline on FY '26. Am I getting this correct? Or I mean, if you could help me on this one? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Yes. I think on the organic side, which is excluding the acquisitions, our international business 
is currently on a flattish trend. And depending on how quarter 4 goes will go. But basically, it's 
going to be a low growth year, excluding the acquisition of the international business this year. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
So could you also highlight in terms of what is the pricing differential between, let's say, Chinese 
products versus our products which we are selling in EU or let's say, the export market? And I 
mean, how can we, let's say, mitigate this risk going ahead? 
Himanshu Baid: 
I think, Naman, if you've heard earlier, what I said that we have won some new contracts in 
larger European markets. So that will help us to get back the revenue, which we were missing. 
And I think there were delay in a lot of contracts. I think NHS has almost delayed every contract 
by 1, 1.5 years because of change in government in the U.K. 
 
And also, we have other, let's say, markets we are trying to bring in more products as we're 
getting more CE Mark products, another 10 to 15 products in the pipeline, a few products have 
already been done recently. So that's the reason we are able to see that visibility. And I think -- 
and we will give that number more final number, let's say, maybe end of quarter 4 when we have 
a final business plan coming from all our, let's say, business unit heads, and then we'll compile 
it and come back to you. But that is what we see today. 
Naman Bagrecha: 
And sir, you also called out. 
Moderator: 
I would request you to rejoin the queue. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, correct. I think Naman, we have to talk to other people also. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Harsh Doshi from Marcellus Investment Managers. 
Harsh Doshi: 
You alluded that you have adopted a new strategy with respect to having a clinical study team, 
especially for the international market. Now in the geographies which we have would have 
adopted the strategy, let's say, 8, 9 months ago, are we seeing any early signs of success in those 
markets wherein even though we are a bit more expensive than the Chinese, we are able to gain 
market share or anything like that? 
Himanshu Baid: 
See, before that, we were more relying on our distributors to put our products in the market, 
right? So now what we realized that, it is they are not able to do justice in terms of the clinical 
advantage of the product vis-a-vis other products which are sold in the market. So that is the 

[page 17]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
reason we have started sending our own teams to sit with a clinical expertise so that they can 
understand what exactly is happening in those markets. 
What are the nuances which are needed for this product, what people need to see as a 
differentiator. And we are able to bring them out. And that's the reason we have won new 
contracts in NHS, we have won new contracts in Europe, mainly in Germany, and that's the 
reason for this change. 
 
And it's already happening. We're adding at least 4, 5 new products in France, as we speak. 
Spain, we are adding 2, 3 new products. So every market, we have started adding new products 
after our clinical teams have started visiting. Earlier, we were only focusing on the distributors. 
So this adds on to the continuity of the business and also enhances our presence in the market. 
Harsh Doshi: 
And the size of this team in India is about 300, 400 people, right? 
Himanshu Baid: 
India, we have close to 500-plus people in India. 
Harsh Doshi: 
And when will we be looking to have such a large team in these markets, Europe, rest of the 
world as well? I mean, have a 700 member team and replicate our India strategy in the global 
market? 
Rahul Gautam: 
So I mean, I don't think the idea is to have such a large team. India if you think about it, India is 
not one country, right? it is one country, but it is a mix of very different, different geographies 
and states, right? So a much difficult country to cover the number of hospitals, the clinicians... 
Himanshu Baid: 
So we are reaching out 8,000 hospitals today and 8,000 hospitals have each hospital 10 to 15 
departments. And then we have 6 verticals. So you need expertise in every area. It's not you can't 
be generalist. That's the reason you don't see too many medical device companies of that scale 
in India because people not invested in the clinical. We are only trying to sell products and say 
I'm cheaper so buy my product. 
Nobody is going to buy the product if it's cheaper, unless until you come with and want to focus 
and compete with the large multinationals. You have to talk about clinical advantages. And 
today, Polymed is exporting to 125 countries. So we have an advantage on the product. We in 
certain product categories, we have global leadership, like we are #3 in IV catheter market 
globally. 
And tell me which company has 10% to 12% market share in one single product globally? So 
that is what we are trying to develop as an expertise, skill set. And I think that will that's what 
we have done globally, and we're trying to replicate that in India. And that's how it's going to 
help us to increase our market share and build more, sell more products in India. 
Harsh Doshi: 
I was alluding that we replicate our India strategy in the global market, wherein the clinical study 
team becomes so big that we cater to their various requirements, do knowledge-based sessions 
and so on and so forth. 

[page 18]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, yes. So India, see we have almost close to 40 to 45 clinical people in India. And also, we 
are training a team which can now go overseas to different markets and also train other people 
who are working with our distributors to train them also clinically. So that's the competence we 
are building. Of course, there are language barriers. There are technical every country, there's a 
different usage pattern. So we are developing all that knowledge and skill, which will help us to 
grow our business in the future. 
We have done last 4, 5 years, 20% constant growth. So I think we think we can come back to 
that number easily. And probably this year was a very difficult year and not everything can be 
same all the time. So I think we have learned from what we have to do. And I think we have 
been implementing that very strongly. And especially without compromising the margins. I think 
that is also 5%. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Bharat Shah from Shah Family Office. 
Bharat Shah: 
First of all, a gentle comment. I think right at the beginning of the call, there was so much of 
information loaded for 15, 17 minutes and speed which is unmatched, it is really, really difficult 
to grasp all the things that are being said. I think it may be more helpful if there is an initial 
curtain raiser for a few brief minutes. Good amount of details are given in the presentation. And 
then I think the discussion can be elaborated because when continuous 15, 17 minutes of 
information being put out at a speed which is at least for me, difficult to... 
Himanshu Baid: 
Bharat, taken, and I'll ensure that next time, we will ensure that we put more information in the 
presentation for sure. And we'll keep more time for discussions. And of course, we get very 
valuable comments, advice from people on the call. And I think we take every advice seriously, 
every suggestion seriously. So that helps us a lot to improve better in coming quarters, coming 
years. 
Bharat Shah: 
Sure. Because that way, it allows a more meaningful discussion on strategy and outlook to 
happen, which is the reason is a well-wisher I thought I wanted to bring about. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Well taken. 
Bharat Shah: 
Sure. Secondly, on the on one end, I heard for the next year, your first time talking about the top 
line. I'll come to the profit pool separately. On the top line, you say domestic business should 
probably grow around 20% to 25%. And International business should grow around 12% to 
15%. 
 
On the other end, I also heard a comment that total business probably will grow by 20%. So I'm 
assuming, say, in the current year, about INR1,850-odd crores of consolidated turnover based 
on your overall submission for second half versus the first half. So are we saying that INR1,850 
crores of consolidated turnover is likely to grow by 20%? 
Himanshu Baid: 
That's correct, Bharat. More than that I think, of course, what we are projecting right now, 
definitely, the numbers look to be around 20% or even more. 

[page 19]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Bharat Shah: 
But mathematically, it doesn't seem to combine. For example, domestic growth, domestic piece 
is about one-third. And if that grows at 25%, that will give you about 8% of the total growth. If 
international piece is two-third, even if it grows at 15%, then that will give you about 9-odd 
percent. So the 2 together still can't add more than 17%, even if I assume higher range of the 
growth 25% and 15% instead of 20% and 12%. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Bharat bhai, I think we you have not considered is the other companies which we run outside 
India, and they will also contribute to the growth. So one of the companies Plan1 Health, which 
is doing in oncology business, that is growing around 30%, 35% year-on-year. And other 
companies will grow around 15% or so odd percent. So overall, when you start calculating that, 
I think that's how we are saying we will be growing more than around 20% or so next financial 
year. Rahul can give more comment on that. 
Rahul Gautam: 
Bharat bhai, just to add, obviously, this year, the INR1,850 crores number that you mentioned 
includes the acquisitions only for the part period. As those numbers get accounted for the full 
year basis will also contribute to the growth. So I think what Himanshu mentioned 20% on the 
consolidated revenue also will have an impact of the full year consolidation of these 2 
acquisitions. 
Bharat Shah: 
But if I include both the acquisitions for a full year and assuming both the acquisitions 
themselves will grow, so EUR 17.5 million and EUR 10 million, that gives you about EUR 27.5 
million. If they grow by even 10% or 15%, that should be EUR 30 million. Then virtually most 
of the growth next year would only come from these 2. 
Rahul Gautam: 
No, Bharat bhai, we also had partial consolidation of these in this year also, right? So that's in 
the base also. INR1,850 crores that you mentioned, also has the impact of the part period 
consolidation here. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. Just to clear the confusion, independent of these 2 entities which are sought to be 
consolidated independent of the 2 acquisitions, can we say the stand-alone domestic the domestic 
piece per se will grow at about 25%. And without these 2 acquisitions, our international business 
will grow around 12% to 15%. Is that something I'm right in my understanding? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. Then I think the overall number should be higher than 20% is my understanding. But I 
hope. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Bharat bhai, we are definitely going to go for higher growth for sure. But I think as prudence, 
that is what we are calling out. And hopefully, we can deliver better numbers. Definitely, we are 
working on a lot of integration, a lot of things which are happening. And hopefully, the number 
will be better. But I think it is just because we don't have a final number today, which I can call 
out, say, Bharat bhai, this is the final number I'm calling out. These are we're still finalizing the 
business plan for FY '27. 
 
For subsidiaries, we already finalized. India business and international business, we have 
finalized the business plan. So I think next 3 to 4 weeks, 5 weeks, we'll have a better visibility. 

[page 20]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
So definitely, on the next call, when we'll do, we'll have a very finite number to call out for all 
our investors. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. Just one last thing. Because the new subsidiary, new acquisitions have a different profit 
margin, our stand-alone domestic business, of course, is a far superior margin. And our 
international business also has a superior margin other than these acquisitions. And there is a 
differing competitive situation on all the 3 pieces right now. 
 
So if I focus on the profit pool rather than trying to work on each of the different pieces, the 
overall profit pool of the current year, assuming at an operating profit level, last year, we did 
about INR450 crores. This is without counting other income and interest and depreciation. So 
about INR450 crores of operating profit we made. 
And from both, it looks like the FY '26 probably will be something similar or a little bit here and 
there in terms of the operating profit is my assumption. These operating profit pool in the FY 
'26, what kind of growth do you believe for '27 is a fair assessment? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Bharat bhai, see, I don't have, again, the finite number. I will be able to give more clarity, 
guidance in our next call. But I think once we do our Q4 call, we'll be able to give you more 
guidance for the final year because I think it's too early to call out a number for next year when 
I don't have the final number. 
But what we, I can guide is currently on the revenue side because that is what we are seeing, and 
we are giving a range also. But I think once we see quarter 4 going out, then we will have a 
better visibility on that, better visibility margins, products, everything. So it will be unfair to call 
out that number today. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. Just last bit of question. Can I assume the next year,  your operating profit pool will grow 
at a rate faster than the turnover, equal or lower? 
Rahul Gautam: 
So Bharat bhai, just on profit pool, right, because as the impact of so you mean the absolute 
number or you're talking about the margin? Just for me to clarify, to be clear. 
Bharat Shah: 
No. I'm not talking of margin. I'm saying, current year, our, let's say, turnover is INR1,850 crores, 
and we are saying, hopefully, we'll grow at the rate of 20% or more in the next year. Our current 
year profit pool, I'm assuming at an operating level is about INR450 crores, INR460 crores, let's 
say, without counting exceptional debit of INR15-odd crores. I'm saying that operating profit 
pool, if top line will grow at 20%, whether operating profit pool will grow higher than 20%, 
equal or lower? 
Himanshu Baid: 
I think it will be more or less equal, Bharat bhai. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. Okay, fine. We'll discuss in greater detail separately. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jainis Chheda from Kemfin Family Office. 
Jainis Chheda: 
Yes. Just one question from my end on the competitive side that, our two-third of the revenue 
comes from international market. And in India, as you are saying that Chinese competition is 

[page 21]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
still in here trying to get into like you are hoping that there is some antidumping duty I think of 
that sort in the domestic market. But what about the international market? How do you compete 
with China in the international markets? 
Himanshu Baid: 
So let me tell you, see, what happens is our basket is very large. We have a product basket of 
almost 200-plus products on manufacturing side, right? And most of these products we export. 
But when we see products which have more technological differentiation, those are the products 
where Chinese companies will be able to make cheaper and because their volumes are 10x, 20x 
from India today, manufacturing volumes. 
 
Now products where we have patents today, if you see Polymed is around 375-plus patents as a 
company. So wherever we have technological advantage on the product, clinical advantage, that 
is where we can score. It's not that a business has gone to 0 international business. We are still 
maybe flattish, but we have still managed the market in spite of all the turmoil we have seen in 
the market. So it's not that market will just go to 0. 
 
Polymed has sustenance. So we have sustained the market. And next year, we are going to see 
the growth coming back because we are going to add so many new products. Already we have 
launched 19 new products this year in 9 months, if you read the document, which we have put 
on as a presentation. So we're continuously innovating, continuously bringing new technologies. 
I think that's the USP of the company from last 10 years. 
Jainis Chheda: 
I understand that. But in terms of qualitative aspects, do you offer more margins to the 
distributors? Or do you focus on educating on your product superiority or like more on the 
qualitative side is what I'm trying to understand. 
Himanshu Baid: 
So quality-wise also, we are at par. If you look at the qualitative side, today, why would a 
European hospital use my product, if it is not good in performance or clinically is not equivalent 
or superior than what we are using. So that's the most important part. Even if my price is 0, 
nobody will use it if my quality fails. 
So I think that's very clear that qualitatively, because we have many, many approvals globally, 
whether FDA, CE Marks or Canadian approvals or TGA approvals in Australia or different 
markets. So that helps us to stay in the market at a competitive level in qualitative terms. 
Jainis Chheda: 
And secondly, as you are moving into more higher-end products, do you see margins to move 
northwards from here over 3 to 5 years perspective? 
Himanshu Baid: 
I think so, too. I think I agree with you on that front. And I think because as I have told you, we 
are moving more in the technological side if you initial part of the call was about that disclosure 
that how the company move up the value chain. So definitely, when we sell orthopedic products 
or cardiology products or critical care products, our gross margin percentage should keep on 
improving. And that's what we think, and that's how we are planning ourselves for future. 
Jainis Chheda: 
Yes. And one last, if I can just add in a small question. Are you looking at other regions like 
Middle East or anything of that sort? 

[page 22]
 
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Himanshu Baid: 
Could you repeat that? Sorry, it was very I was not able to hear it. 
Jainis Chheda: 
Are you looking at other regions as well, such as Middle East or Southeast Asia or anything of 
that sort? 
Himanshu Baid: 
We are present in 125 countries, most important markets in the world. So we'll continue to 
expand our presence because, again, just by distribution partners, having there is not going to 
improve our market share. So the only way is to put our clinical teams there, and that is what we 
are building. So we are hiring more people internationally. 
We're hiring more people in India who can travel internationally and support the existing 
distribution network. So -- and that's going to happen across the world. It is not going to happen 
in a few markets. These are going to happen at least 25 to 30 important markets we are serving 
today. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Himanshu Baid for the closing remarks. 
Himanshu Baid: 
I'd like to thank everybody on the call, and thank you for your questions. And I think really, 
these probing questions make us more resilient. And also I want to assure everybody that the 
company is doing well, and we are on the growth path, a lot of new technology. And I also invite 
you to visit our facilities to get a better viewpoint of the company, what kind of technologies we 
are using in manufacturing. 
 
Some of you have already visited, but I'll invite you other people, Rahul and his team, while 
we'll facilitate that visit the plants. And then we'll help you to understand the technology road 
map we have laid out for future, for growth of Poly Medicure. And yes, I think we are looking 
forward to that higher growth numbers in coming future. And that's what I can assure you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Poly Medicure Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 

