[page 1]
Poly Medicure Limited 
Regd. Office: 232 B, 3rd Floor, Okhla Industrial Estate, 
Phase-Ill, New Delhi - 110 020 (INDIA) 
T:+91-ll-33550700,47317000 
E: info@polymedicure.com W: polymedicure.com 
CIN: L 40300DL l 995PLC066923 
Date: 14th November, 2025 
Scrip Code: -531768 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001. 
i ' IPOLVMED 
Scrip Code: - POL YMED 
The Manager 
• 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1-Block-G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), 
Mumbai-400051. 
Subject: Submission of Transcript for Q2-FY25 Earning Conference Call under the SEBI 
(Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements), Regulation, 2015 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby submit Transcript of the investor Meet/Call held on 10th 
November, 2025, at 05:30 pm on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and half Year ended 30th September, 2025, on Standalone and Consolidated basis, which 
were considered and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held 
on 08th November, 2025. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Sincerely 
A vinash Chandra 
Company Secretary 
M. No. A32270 
Encl: As above 
Plants : Plot No. l 04-1 os & 115-116, Sector-5~, HSIIDC Industrial Area, Ballabgarh, Faridabad _ 121004, Haryana (INDIA) 
Plot No. 33-34, Sector-68, IMT, Fartdabad-121004, (Haryana) INDIA T: +9l -129-4287000, 3355070, 
AVINASH 
CHANDR
A
Digitally signed 
by AVINASH 
CHANDRA 
Date: 2025.11.14 
10:40:18 +05'30'

[page 2]
 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Poly Medicure Limited Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HIMANSHU BAID – MANAGING DIRECTOR, POLY 
MEDICURE LIMITED 
 
MR. NARESH VIJAYVERGIYA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
POLY MEDICURE LIMITED 
 
MR. RAHUL GAUTAM – PRESIDENT, STRATEGY AND 
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT, POLY MEDICURE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. NISHA SHETTY – ICICI SECURITIES 

[page 3]
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Poly Medicure Limited Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nisha Shetty from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you, 
ma'am. 
Nisha Shetty: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you all to Q2 and H1 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call of Poly Medicure Limited. 
Today, on this call, we have with us the senior management team of the company represented by Mr. 
Himanshu Baid - Managing Director; Mr. Naresh Vijayvergiya - CFO and Mr. Rahul Gautam - President, 
Strategy and Corporate Development. 
I would like to thank the management team of Poly Medicure for giving us this opportunity to host their 
call. And with this, we will hand over the call to the management team. Over to you, sir. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Thank you, Nisha. Good evening to everyone. I welcome you all to Q2 FY '26 Earnings Call. I sincerely 
thank all of you for being here today. 
Before we get to financial, I would like to highlight that on 06th November 2025 we have closed the 
acquisition of Italy-based Citieffe Group, a leading player in orthopedic trauma space and in the 
extremities business. With this move, we are venturing into Ortho segment, expanding our total 
addressable market by around $70 billion globally. The other acquisition we contemplated was of the 
Netherlands-based PendraCare Group on 23rd September 2025. PendraCare Group is a specialist 
intervention cardiology solution catheters, which significantly strengthens the Cardiology segment and 
gives us manufacturing and distribution footprint in Europe. We have already initiated the integration 
process of PendraCare Group and Citieffe and are excited about the potential synergies. 
With these two acquisitions, we will add around close to Rs. 280 crores of revenue to our existing 
business on an annual basis. In this year, we have also launched Polymed Academy of Clinical 
Excellence, PACE, a platform which is created to deepen our engagement with KOLs through hands-on 
training using advanced medical devices. Through this, we aim to establish Polymed as a preferred 
partner for scientific training and learning and development with KOLs. We plan to open such academics 
in other parts of the country and overseas over the next few years. Another major update is the expansion 
of our SARATHI program, which is AI-powered initiative providing immersive training experience to 
improve performance efficiency across all divisions. I am very happy with the initial outcome and remain 
positive to continue to refine the platform to make the training methods of our frontline team more 
efficient and engaging with real-time feedback. 

[page 4]
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
I will now take you through the Q2 and half-yearly highlights for the next few minutes. After that, we 
can open up for Q&A. 
For quarter ended September ‘25, we have consolidated revenue of Rs. 444 crores, marking an overall 
year-on-year growth of approximately 5.7% and a quarter-on-quarter growth of around 10.1%. Gross 
profit in Q2 was Rs. 308 crores, reflecting a margin of 69.4%, an increase of almost 99 bps as compared 
to quarter 2 last year. Operating EBITDA for Q2 was Rs. 119 crores, delivering an operating EBITDA 
margin of 26.8%, slightly down from 26.76% last financial year. Here, the operating EBITDA for Q2 
has been taken excluding one-time acquisition costs of Rs. 3.2 crores of PendraCare Group. On the 
bottom-line, PAT totaled around Rs. 92 crores compared to Rs. 88 crores last year, translating a net 
margin of 19.2%. 
Moving to H1 ended September ’25: 
We have a consolidated revenue of Rs. 847 crores, marking an overall year-on-year growth of 5.3%. 
Gross profit in H1 was Rs. 584 crores, reflecting a gross margin of 69%. An increase of almost 137 bps 
as compared to H1 last year. Operating EBITDA for H1 was Rs. 226 crores, delivering an operating 
EBITDA margin of 26.7%, slightly down from 27.4% last year. On the bottom-line, the profit after tax 
totaled Rs. 185 crores compared to Rs. 162 crores in H1 last year, translating to a Y-o-Y growth of 14.5% 
and a net margin of 20%. Despite lower revenue growth, we have been able to improve our gross margin, 
which has helped us in maintaining operating margins at a higher end of the guidance of 25%-27% which 
we gave in the beginning of the year. 
Further, I would like to share the business highlights of 2 key geographical segments, domestic and 
international. In quarter 2 FY '26 and H1 FY '26, our domestic revenue on Y-o-Y basis has grown by 
17%-18% respectively. This solid uptake reflects the effective execution of our strategy and the rising 
demand of our offerings locally. In addition to this, our private business has continued to grow overall 
22.3% Y-o-Y basis in Q2 FY '26 while government business degrew by 14%. Contribution of domestic 
revenue to overall consolidated revenue has increased to 32%. We continue to outpace the competition 
in the domestic market quite significantly and our conviction to invest higher amounts in the domestic 
market is only getting stronger. This is reflected in the fact that we added quite a number of sales 
associates, over 35 in H1 and hence we are on the track to hire 100 plus sales associates in FY '26. 
Our international business segment is showing recovery. With a revenue of around Rs. 300 crores in Q2 
FY '26, it has shown a 9.1% Q-on-Q growth which is reflective of the fact that we are recovering from 
bottom that we witnessed in Q1. We are witnessing green shoots in recovering international markets and 
remain cautiously optimistic for H2 of the current financial year. While our international operations did 
face a tougher backdrop this year, especially across Europe, which continues to show slight degrowth, 
9.6% Y-o-Y basis in Q2 FY '26, but sequentially business growth of around 5% if you look at quarter 1 
to quarter 2 performance. 
We are seeing improvement in customer sentiment and base effect high inventory building up our 
customers last year is slowly getting resolved. To compensate for degrowth in Europe, we are enhancing 

[page 5]
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
our presence in ROW markets and have made significant efforts in markets such as South Asia, Africa 
and Middle East. In each sub-market in these regions, we are expanding our customer engagement 
through marketing efforts, clinical engagements and direct customer reach. All these efforts along with 
underlying growth have seen a revenue growth from rest of the world region growing to around 13% Y-
o-Y basis sequentially. 
Let me give an update on each of the business segments: 
Renal business revenue stands at Rs. 44 crores up from Rs. 37 crores in Q2 FY '25, marking a year-on-
year increase by 18.1%. This is lower than expected due to some inventory realignment due to GST 
changes which came up in early September. We expect that from Q3 onwards, this segment should 
resume growth journey, and we should be able to get above Rs. 200 crores of revenue on a full year 
basis. Our H1 revenue stands around close to Rs. 88 crores as compared to Rs. 67 crores as compared to 
last year, showing a respectable growth of around 30%. We have sold up to around 200 plus dialysis 
machines across the country in the first H1 of the year and I think we expect to sell another 300 machines 
in the H2 period. We continue to remain extremely excited about the growth prospects in the industry 
backed by large unmet demand and continued government support in the investment and of course the 
coverage which is coming by large domestic players in the services line. 
Before throwing light on our Cardiology business, I am pleased to share a proud milestone. Poly 
Medicure Limited recently honored the Emerging Medical Device Company of the Year in Cardiology 
segment at VOH Voice of Healthcare Awards 2025. This recognition reinforces our ambition, and we 
fully expect to live up to this distinction in the coming years. On the business side, we employ around 
4,000 plus stents in H1, a strong signal that our product is gaining traction and earning favorable feedback 
from patients and interventional cardiologists. Looking ahead, we are excited about a pipeline of 
advanced technology devices. We have drug-eluting balloons, PTCA catheters and so on and we 
anticipate launching and scaling these within this year. Along with this, our clinical study for rise of 
stents has also been initiated in India and Europe. Strategically, these trials underline our commitment 
in India and Europe which along with recent acquisition of PendraCare Group positions us for global 
growth in Cardiology space. We are steadily moving up the technology chain in medical devices market, 
and these initiatives place us well in a range of capture of winnow field market share initially in the 
domestic market as well as overall time in the international arena. 
The Critical Care segment which we launched last year, this vertical also remains a key pillar of growth 
strategy. During the rising treatment need in segments such as Oncology and Pediatric Care. And over 
last 12 months, we have launched 20 plus new products, established presence in 500 hospitals. Our brand 
is now recognized and respected by top doctors across the country for key products. Further, Government 
of India is also playing an active role in ensuring greater treatment access for cancer care by setting up 
200 standalone Specialty Oncology Centers this financial year, eventually expanding to 700 centers 
nationwide over 3 years. 
US market expansion continues to face headwinds due to current tariff situation. We continue to invest 
in that market from a long-term perspective hoping that sometime in next few months, the tariff situation 

[page 6]
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
will get resolved. We have slowly started business with one of our leading customers and a new product 
is getting launched in Q3. We have also received FDA clearance for a new design IV catheter and expect 
to start commercial supplies in early Q4. 
Turning to our balance sheet: 
We have ended the quarter with liquidity of Rs. 1,109 crores. This strong cash position allows us to 
continue backing off our ambition growth strategy both organic and inorganic. Of course, after 
completing the Citieffe acquisition which we have done by 6th November, 2025 the net cash position as 
on date is close to around Rs. 800 crores. As mentioned earlier, we have completed 2 acquisitions in this 
quarter and further thesis focuses on technology acquisitions that complement our verticals, Critical 
Care, Cardiology and adjacencies, we will keep the market inform as we move forward with new 
opportunities. 
Now, let me share the guidance for current quarters in H2: 
If you look at the current domestic market, we are still very bullish that we will end almost with a growth 
of 28%-30% for FY '26. So, we currently reiterate our guidance. For international business, we are now 
guiding for revenue growth in the range of close to 10% including revenue from 2 acquisitions. This 
revised outlook reflects the current global market conditions underlying uncertainties. We will keep you 
all updated as we gain greater clarity on the evolving environment. We maintain operating EBITDA 
guidance in the range of 25%-27% for the year. As you have seen, we are close to around 26.5% on the 
upward segment of the bank. We continue to invest in future growth. CAPEX of Rs. 150 crores was done 
in H1 and we further informed that CAPEX planned for the current financial year will be over Rs. 250 
crores. This fund will be deployed to set up the facilities at Mitral and Haridwar as well as to expand 
capacity at existing plants. We expect these plants to be fully operational within the next 12-18 months. 
It is worth emphasizing that the guidance is built with a measure of conservatism, particularly around 
exports, given the current geopolitical macroeconomic headwinds. However, we remain confident with 
our strong product line, upcoming launches, and domestic momentum, all of which we believe will 
comfortably offset this segment. 
In summary, Q2 FY '26 has reaffirmed the fundamental strengths of our business model. We delivered 
double-digit growth, domestically maintained healthy margins, improved operating EBITDA 
performance, and drove significant product innovation while continue to invest in sustainability, scale 
future capacity through R&D and green initiatives. For H2, we are providing new guidance for H2. H2, 
we are looking at a revenue increase of close to 25% over H1. H1 revenue was close to Rs. 850 crores. 
H2 guidance is between Rs. 1,080 and Rs. 1,090 crores. That is the guidance we are providing for H2, 
which is around more than 25% increase over H1. Overall, we aim to do a growth of close to 15-16% 
when we end the current Financial Year '26, which is lower than the guidance we provided in the initial 
part of the year around 20%. But I think we are on the recovery phase and hopefully we will be on the 
upper side of the 15%-16% guidance range, and we will continue to build the company through resilience 
and a strong product line. 

[page 7]
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Thank you once again very much and now we are open to questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investment. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Thank you very much for giving me the opportunity. Sir, your CAPEX plan for the next few years, can 
you tell the amount? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Hi, this is Rahul. Just to give you guidance, I think so far we have given guidance for only FY '26 of 
about Rs. 250 crores. Having said that, we have raised money through QIP in August of 2024, out of 
which Rs. 500 crores was allocated for organic CAPEX. And we expect that at least given those plants 
are already under construction or will be soon under construction. We expect a similar number to also 
be spent in FY '27 as well. We will have greater clarity on the final numbers including for our subsidiaries 
by the end of this financial year. 
Ravi Naredi: 
And how much CAPEX you have already done by 30th September? 
Rahul Gautam: 
We have spent about Rs. 150 crores in H1. 
Ravi Naredi: 
And H2, Rs. 100 crores, right? 
Rahul Gautam: 
That is correct. 
Ravi Naredi: 
And your target for topline and bottom-line for Financial Year ‘26 and 27? 
Rahul Gautam: 
No, we haven't given any guidance for 26, 27 as yet. We have only given guidance for the year FY '26, 
which was repeated by Himanshu in his opening commentary. 
Ravi Naredi: 
15%, right? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Yes, for the full year FY '26, we expect an overall revenue growth of 15%. 
Ravi Naredi: 
And anything you want to tell about margin for Financial Year ‘26? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Yes, so I think on our operating EBITDA margin, we had given at the beginning of the year a guidance 
of between 25%-27%. Our margins in H1 are in excess of 26%. So we are at the upper end of the guidance 
that we had given. And we are maintaining our margin guidance of between 25%-27% and hoping that 
we will still remain at the higher end of the guidance. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shamit Ashar from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 

[page 8]
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Shamit Ashar: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So if we look at the last 2 quarters, your growth was mainly led by 
the domestic segment and where now, the growth has currently slowed down. Even if we look at the 
Renal segment, the growth has been hampered a bit. So for the Renal segment, are you on track to achieve 
your annual 50% growth guidance of around Rs. 220 - Rs. 250 crores in this particular division? And 
what factors can you attribute to the slowdown in the domestic growth? 
Rahul Gautam: 
No, I think this quarter, obviously, we had the GST transition across the country, right? And we were 
also impacted to some extent on that, right? So, there is some impact because of that inventory alignment, 
which has happened in the domestic business. We remain very bullish on the domestic market. And we 
still maintain our guidance that we will end up there on the domestic side going at between 28%-30%. 
On the Renal side, as Himanshu also mentioned in the early part of his commentary that Renal business 
was impacted due to this GST transition specifically. And we hope that in quarter 3 and quarter 4, the 
business will come back. Our overall Renal guidance now is at about Rs. 200 crores from a full year 
perspective. 
Shamit Ashar: 
And like coming into quarter 3, are you expecting the international business to pick up the pace? How is 
the inventory situation right now in Europe? 
Rahul Gautam: 
Yes, we believe that the situation is getting better. The customer sentiment is getting better with every 
month passing. And if you see from quarter 2 to quarter 1, there is a sequential growth, even in the 
markets of Europe, which have been obviously struggling for the last couple of quarters. And we are 
making new investments in geographies where we were not as strong. The idea is that we compensate 
for slower growth in the European market through investment in the newer markets. And yes, the 
expectation is that our H2 should be better than H1 and we should see improvement on a quarterly basis 
in Q3 and Q4 onwards. 
Shamit Ashar: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Amit Nigam from Invesco. Please go ahead. 
Amit Nigam: 
Hi. Thanks for this call. Just two quick questions. One, if I am not wrong, Himanshu, you mentioned 
that the second half, we will see the aspiration is to hit Rs. 1,080 - Rs. 1,090 crores of topline. What 
percentage of that would come from the acquisitions which we have recently closed? What is it that you 
are budgeting there? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, so if you look at that Rs. 1,090 crores of guidance which you are giving Rs. 80 or Rs. 90 crores, 
only Rs. 120 crores will come from there. The rest will come from domestic and international business. 
Amit Nigam: 
Understood. And therefore, it would not be wrong on our behalf to? 
Himanshu Baid: 
10% of that will be, yes, roughly 10%. 
Amit Nigam: 
Roughly 10% would be. And this would be margin dilutive, if I am not wrong, correct? 

[page 9]
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, but still we are on the path of increasing, more or less, if you look at margin improvement in the 
current financial year, you see gross margin has been improving, almost 125% gross margin 
improvement. So even if we take a small margin dip there, we should be able to still stay in that range. 
And that is the reason we have been guiding in the beginning of the year, 25%-27% EBITDA margin. 
So we are still at around 26.5%. So even if we see a little bit of dip in margin, that 10% of business, still 
that 90% of business will be still high margin. 
Amit Nigam: 
Understood. And in how many years, do you think that these international acquisitions would be able to 
migrate? 
Himanshu Baid: 
We just got this company, so it is very, I think premature to comment. I would say, I think we will need 
a couple of quarters, how things are and how integration happens. So I think this is a long haul. These 
things don't work overnight. 
Amit Nigam: 
And therefore you said that September was when you closed PendraCare? 
Himanshu Baid: 
September, yes. Three years ago, we have got the full control of the company, one of the larger 
companies, Citieffe. So it is going to take a while. I think we will have more clarity in the coming 
quarters. And then we will be able to give better guidance. But of course, the whole idea is for synergy 
to kick in, do India leverage of manufacturing, and then also use global base of Polymed to enhance 
minor sales of these companies. So I think we have a very clearly laid out plan. But I think the numbers 
and all, we will have to wait for a few quarters before we can really call out any numbers. These 
companies have been close to 15% EBITDA, both the companies. So it is not that we have a sinking 
ship, the ship is steady for a very long time. Only thing is, we have to just make improvements over the 
next quarter of the coming years, where we can increase margins to plus 20. Even if you look at our 
company in Italy, Plan1 Health, which was our previous acquisition in 2018-19, today is now around 
close to 16%-17% EBITDA. It was a negative EBITDA company. So over the years, we have turned 
around the company, but there is a positive contribution for the company. So I think, and there is also 
some margin creation at the India level also, because we are also supplying a lot of components and 
everything. So we will see that happening over the year, but we are very hopeful about that. 
Amit Nigam: 
No, sure. I am pretty confident you will be able to do that. And my last bit of color, if you can give on 
the competitive intensity, especially in Europe, it will be helpful? 
Himanshu Baid: 
See, I think Europe is where, if you remember, I called out in quarter 1 that there was excessive 
competition from China, because they started dumping products, because of the US tariff and all that. 
And that impacted and of course and what has also happened is we have talked to a lot of customers, 
where they have said the transit times have dropped dramatically. The Suez Canal channel is open now, 
for transportation. So earlier, the goods were taking 2-1/2 months to reach there, they are reaching in 
now around 1 month. So that has and because of that, the whole inventory realignment is happening. 
And I think early next year, we should get back to the similar numbers we were doing, let us say, last 
year with most of the customers. And then, we have a lot of new projects coming in Europe right now, 
we are bidding a lot of these new projects. Plus, we have around 20 new products in pipeline, which will 

[page 10]
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
get CE marked within, in calendar year 2026, 20 new products. So all these new products start 
contributing. So because Europe is going through a change in regulation. So, our first target was to 
protect our existing business, existing regulation certification that has been done, which have already 
been announced earlier. And now with 20 new products, which are in pipeline, I think this will actually 
change the record around close to 75 products which are CE certified already for European market. 20 
more are coming, that will also add into the revenue cycle next year. So a lot of things are happening. 
We are a small group in the radar, but I think now we are in a much better position. 
Amit Nigam: 
So the message that I should take home is that the competition from Chinese companies is abating. Is 
that the message that I should take home with me? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, which is there in every market. Today, for every company or every market is the same situation. It 
is not unique to us, to this industry. So I think that is going to happen and we all have to live with that. 
Important thing is what things you can do better that is where we are. And I think with that 20 new 
products coming in, some new projects, which we are bidding, which are going to go live next year, all 
that will change the trajectory. That is what we are doing 
Amit Nigam: 
Super. Thanks, Himanshu and all the best. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vihang Subramanian from Zaaba Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vihang Subramanian: 
Yes. Hi. Just to continue on the Europe piece. I think last time when you had mentioned that Europe had 
also seen a bit of regulatory transition and you mentioned that it would take some time to launch products 
and so on. So just wanted to check on that. How are we there and has there been any progress on that 
front? 
Himanshu Baid: 
So on the regulatory front, I just mentioned, Vihang, a few minutes ago that we have now got our 
existing, the product range was existing before 2024 or 2023. All that has been now been re-regulated. 
And we have got our certification on the MDR, the new regulatory regime in Europe. And the new 
product, there are almost 20 new products in pipeline, which we have already applied for in early 2025 
for getting regulatory clearances from EU authorities. And from early next year, we will start receiving 
approval for these products. So there will be additional 20 new products almost getting regulatory cleared 
from Europe in 2026. And that is a significant development for us. 
Vihang Subramanian: 
Understood. Could you quantify what would be the delta to growth from those products? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, I don't have any idea. But once we launch these products, then we will be going to the market. But 
again it is an initial you can imagine that adding 20 new products on a portfolio of 75 new products and 
most of these products will have a higher growth margin because these are all new developed products. 
See, earlier focus was to protect the current product line. But from last 2-3 years, what we have been 
spending, and developing these new products across different Critical Care and Cardiology and other 

[page 11]
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
segments. So all these products are in Vascular Access. So all these products are getting certified. So 
definitely, we will have a better margin. But maybe more clarity, I can only give you once we receive 
the certification and once we have found customer contracts. 
Vihang Subramanian: 
Understood. And just on the domestic business, if I heard you correctly, I think you mentioned that the 
government business declined 14%. So just wanted to check, is that out of the base and incrementally, 
can we see like a return to the 25%-30% growth guidance that you had mentioned? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, so government business is only 10% of the current total domestic business. And probably we have 
made a deliberate attempt to reduce it because of a lower margin business because mostly tenders L1 
driven, no significant quality advantage in domestic tender business. So we have deliberately been 
slowing that business down and increasing the private sector presence. And yes, we have again guided 
for the end of the year for 28%-30% growth for domestic business. 
Vihang Subramanian: 
Understood. And just my last question is on the US piece. I know it is very small and a bit noisy as well 
currently, but how are the conversations going there? Like, have there been like progress there or things 
have stalled in the face of tariffs and so on? 
Himanshu Baid: 
See, things continue to happen. It is not that nothing has stalled. But of course, customers are waiting 
with the current situation that what will happen because 50% tariff is completely untenable. But we have 
bought a few products, we have started business with a new customer, which is one of the largest 
companies in US that has started. And with just one product, other products are put on hold by them for 
the moment, because we were chosen a new supplier maybe a year ago. And one of the other products 
which we were waiting, we have got an FDA clearance recently. And probably in quarter 4, we are going 
to start supply for that product. And again, it is an important product for us as I called out in the opening 
comments, IV catheters, again, a special design, which is developed for the US market. So all that on the 
background is happening, a lot of testing is happening in the US because as you remember, I told you, 
in the last call or a couple of calls ago, that US FDA has started disapproving Indian lab results. They 
are not taking the results, which are generated by Indian labs, and they are rejecting those results. So 
now, we have been forced to test all the products in the US right now. So all work we have done in the 
past was negated and we had to start again by retesting the product. And it is not only for us, it is for 
every medtech company which is operating out of India, wants to sell in the US market, they are facing 
this. And I think because of the change in administration in the US, this new policy decision was taken. 
And whatever labs were executed in India, they have been accredited. And because of that, things have 
slowed down in the US for us and for everybody else, actually, also. So now we initiated that maybe 3 
or 4 months ago, this whole new testing. So by I think, April-May, all the test results will happen, we 
will apply again for the US FDA. So mid of next year, we will start getting some new approvals which 
are in pipeline. 
Vihang Subramanian: 
Understood. Thank you so much, Himanshu. Good luck. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Thank you, Vihang. 

[page 12]
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question comes from the line of Karan Gupta from ACMIIL. Please go 
ahead. 
Karan Gupta: 
Yes, hi, good evening. So my first question is regarding the new product. So that you are saying 20 new 
products, can you tell us about the specialties you are covering? Or you are launching new products in 
existing specialties? 
Himanshu Baid: 
If you remember, we have launched 2 new specialties last year, and which was Cardiology and Critical 
Care. And most of the launches are happening in those two new specialties, when you look at from a 
domestic market perspective. When you look on the international market perspective, Vascular Access, 
Infusion, which is our core business, most of the launches are happening there, because there we have a 
global excellence on their product category. Again, 68% of revenue comes from export, international 
business. And that is highly dominated by Vascular Access and Infusion. A lot of the development we 
are doing for international market is for those categories. And eventually in the next few years, maybe 
2-3 years, once we have all the regulatory approvals, clinical trials done for Cardiology and Critical Care, 
most of these products will go global and will go to global customers. 
Karan Gupta: 
So can we assume that you have covered maybe 80%-85% of the specialty? 
Himanshu Baid: 
I am not able to hear you well. Could you repeat the question? 
Karan Gupta: 
Yes, hello. Now, I think it is clear. So I just wanted to ask, can we assume that you have covered, let us 
say, 80%-85% of the specialties that is in the Medical Science, and you have the products for them? 
Himanshu Baid: 
No. Today, we have 50,000 products in medical technology industry, only Polymed does only 250 
products. So the field is super vast and when you look at India market is only 15 billion, global market 
is 650 billion. So we are 2%-3% of global market industry size, market size. So there are still hundreds 
of products more which can be made and which are adjacent to our current business. And also, we have 
almost 60-80 products in pipeline, which we launched over next 3-4 years starting from, let us say, 26-
29, we have close to 50-80 products in pipeline, new products under development. So there is a lot to do 
and then we added Orthopedic, which is a huge area, which is going to Trauma, then we go more into 
plates, and then adjoining products in joints, and so on and so forth, knee and hip and so on and so forth, 
spine. So there is a lot of products today still pending to be made. So we have a huge runway for next 5-
10 years, we have a huge runway. So I don't even see that at least in my tenure as an MD, I don't know 
whether we will stop innovating or not. 
Karan Gupta: 
No, so I was asking for the breadth wise, the number of specialties we have in the medical science. So 
we have, I think, covered almost, and then we will go deeper down for a lot of? 
Himanshu Baid: 
We have not covered Urology, Gastroenterology, Respiratory Care, and Cardiac Surgery and Peripheral 
Vascular, Neurology, there are so many of them, actually. 

[page 13]
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Karan Gupta: 
So can you tell us about the wallet share as of now? If you are supplying all products in a multi-specialty 
hospital, or maybe some clinics, so what will be the wallet share of your products as of now, whatever 
you have, may be 2-50 products? 
Himanshu Baid: 
The wallet share because Indian market is very fragmented. And we don't have real data because like 
pharma, we have no real data flowing out for medical devices consumption in the country. But just by 
our estimated guestimate, maybe we could be between, let us say, 5%-7% of the wallet share in a hospital. 
And plus, of course, potential is to double that wallet share, maybe within the same hospital. So that is 
the runway available. 
Karan Gupta: 
And the cost of these medical devices for a hospital is around the same? It was 2-3 years ago, 20%-22% 
something? 
Himanshu Baid: 
No, cost of medical devices is around close to 10%. In the whole treatment cost, the cost of medical 
devices is close to around 10% in any hospital infrastructure. That is what I know, but the number could 
be different, but that what my estimate is. 
Karan Gupta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question comes from the line of Vishal Manchanda from Systematix 
Group. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Hi, good evening, sir. And thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to check, like you are expecting 20 
new approvals, new CE marks in European market. If you could share how many we already have there? 
For how many products, you already have a CE mark approval? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Vishal, we have close to around, it was done in two branches. So we have close to around 75 products, 
which are CE certified as on date. And more or less, we will get sometime in calendar year 26. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
And so any sense on how large the markets would be for the 20 products that you would get? 
Himanshu Baid: 
These are all adjacent products to our current product range. These are some products from Critical Care 
range, some are from Oncology, some are from Neonatal, some are from Vascular Access and some are 
from Pain Management. So this is an extension of existing range of products which we already offer to 
our customer. So we are completing basically basket. Whatever basket we have on the product side, we 
are enlarging that basket basically. And most of these products have a decent market in Europe. And that 
is the reason we have been developing these products and working on this for last couple of years. And 
now once we have done a clinical studies and biofarm studies, and after that we applied for CE mark. So 
these are important products. Of course, I can't quantify the number right now because only once we 
have the CE mark, I will be able to quantify how much revenue, volume, what is the customer. And of 
course, then there is an approval process in local hospitals. CE mark doesn't mean anything unless and 
until you have approvals in local market, local countries, and then you bid in the contract, then only you 
know. But it is a long journey, but again, having new products, 20 new products in pipe is again also 
very important number. 

[page 14]
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Right, sir. And would you like to give a target or guidance for the US market for maybe 3 years down 
the line? Where can we be? 
Himanshu Baid: 
It is very hard to say in the current scenario. But I think let the headwinds clear. Of course, we still 
maintain that we have $15-$20 million product pipeline, $15-$20 million product pipeline for US which 
is earmarked which we said in the beginning of the year. So we still stand by that number. And we still 
have a lot of projects going on. But I think we will have more clarity. Because if you see currently, India 
is still 50% tariff compared to all nearby countries. And when I was talking to a company, recent large 
company, they said India still is out of flavor for most of the US companies. Still most of you have gone 
to Vietnam, Thailand, Malaysia, or Indonesia. So we are still out of that flavor. So because of tariff and 
current law of regulatory, which was brought in very late in India. So still, we are working on it very 
hard on this. But we still maintain that on a 3-year basis, answer to your question in $15-$20 million. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
And sir, among the new divisions you launched in India, Cardiac, Critical Care, so would you be more 
optimistic about the cardiac division for the next 2-3 years in terms of the scale of potential? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, definitely. A lot of products which are getting imported into the country, we are locally 
manufacturing them here. And I think that is where we are trying to bring an import substitution. And 
that will help us to and once the quality is established, of course, it is tough, this business is tough. But 
once we have enrolled, and as we have been getting enrolled in the business, and we have done this 
acquisition of PendraCare and that is the reason we want to go front end in the European market. So I 
think Cardiac, of course, offers a good promise for Polymed. But yes, Critical Care is also a high growth 
segment, because there are only 2-3 players in the world, which operate in the segment completely. So 
Cardiology, we may have 20 companies, we have to compete with Critical Care is only 4-5 companies. 
So Critical would be more potential in terms of profitability. Even growth wise also, once we have access 
to developed markets like Europe and US, this could also grow faster. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
So the Critical Care would have more dependence on imports versus Cardiac in India. And again, if you 
could give a number as to like what percentage of the market would be import dependent for both these 
categories? 
Himanshu Baid: 
In Cardiology, if you look at cardiac catheters, almost 80%-90% Cardiology angiographic catheters, 
balloons have been imported into the country, almost negligibly anybody is manufacturing here. Most 
of the companies import bulk or manufacture or don't even manufacture the complete product. Here, we 
have manufacturers with almost 80%-90% import, Critical Care also 90% import. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
And you have been kind of been able to introduce the important products here, which constitute a large 
part of this value? 
Himanshu Baid: 
See, Critical Care because it is a very segment of Vascular Access. You can also check with hospital 
groups where you cover there is Quality, Naraina, Max, Fortis, all are using our products. All large 
hospital chains are using the products. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
You mean in Cardiac and Critical Care, you have been able to tap these larger hospitals? 

[page 15]
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Himanshu Baid: 
In Cardiology, still we are in Tier-2, Tier-3. We have not gone into Tier-1, because that will take some 
time. Because as we are doing also clinical, because most of the hospitals all ask for clinical studies. So 
we have already initiated that clinical study for our RisoR stent, 2,000 patients study. So but at least in 
Tier-2, Tier-3, we are doing fine. But in Critical Care, we have already entered Tier-1. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
And sir, when do you kind of get data from the study? The stent study, 2,000 patient study? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Vishal, we will take 1 year plus. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Whole you will take another 1 year? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, because the last patient who gets a stent, then we have to wait to 6 months to 1 year. After the last 
patient has been implanted with a stent. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
But do your competitors, Indian domestic competitors in the segment would have a European trial 
ongoing or European approval for their products? Or they just have a domestic approval for their 
products? 
Rahul Gautam: 
I think lots of domestic Cardiology companies who have been operating in this segment for much longer 
than us already have clinical trial data on their products, even in international markets. 
Himanshu Baid: 
But the largest clinical trial is what we are doing. Right now, nobody has done a clinical trial over 2,000 
patients. Most of the companies have done 500 patients, 1,000 patient trials. We are doing 2,000 patient 
trials. So that we have a much robust and most stable product. And of course, it is designed by us. So 
again, it is very important that clinicians understand that data points and that is how the product will 
move. But again, Cardiology segment is one of the segments for us. Again, our core business, Vascular, 
Critical Care, Renal, we all continue to grow and these are all growth segments. We haven't even gone 
out of India. So Renal will have a huge potential once we receive all certifications. I think that is a huge 
potential to even go outside India also. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Sir, this stent trial would be a double-blind placebo-controlled trial or it is a single arm trial? 
Rahul Gautam: 
We will get back to you Vishal on that. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Vishal, it is a technical question. I will get back to you on that. I will ask Rahul to respond to you on that 
question separately. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Sure. And just one final one, if we can hit double digit growth in export markets next year, like on a Y-
o-Y basis, will we be there? 
Himanshu Baid: 
100%. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Thank you very much. 

[page 16]
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shivam, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Shivam: 
Hello, my question has been addressed. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Girish Jain from KJMC Financial Services. Please 
go ahead. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Hello, Girishji. 
Girish Jain: 
Hello, Himanshuji. Thank you for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions. In one of the earlier calls, 
we had mentioned about the status of the 3 new plants. Could you just update the investors? I think 
Uttarakhand, Jaipur and Faridabad? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, sure, Girish. The plants are already under construction. On the Faridabad- Mitral, plant, we are 
establishing a Gama sterilization facility. So initial licenses have been received from the government, 
also from the CDSCO. So that facility partially is operational, but there we are also building some 
additional facility which will be ready by end of 2026. So Phase-I is ready. Phase-II will be ready by end 
of 2026. Haridwar also, Phase-I is ready. Phase-II will be ready by end of 2026. So that is also on. The 
Jaipur facility we have already informed in the last call, we are dropping the Jaipur facility and we have 
taken a piece of land in YEIDA, which is the Yamuna Expressway Authority, the new medical device 
part, which is coming near the Jewar airport, 3 kilometers from Jewar airport. So we were lucky to get a 
land parcel already to us, around close to 7 acres. So that land has been acquired and the Jaipur facility, 
we are now moving to YEIDA, basically. 
Girish Jain: 
So the revenue from the Faridabad and Haridwar will be starting primarily from FY '27? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, FY '27, partial revenue and FY '28, full revenue. 
Girish Jain: 
And recently the company also made some acquisitions through the NCLT process of company, I think 
Himalayan Mineral Waters? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, I will tell you. So basically in Haridwar, we have 2 premises and on the second premises of this 
land, the company acquired has a land bank for around close to 20,000 meters. So through NCLT, we 
have acquired the company, of course, and this is not that we are going to get into mineral water business. 
This is basically acquisition of adjacent land, basically, which is currently faced in a second property, 
which is in Haridwar. So this is adjacent to that. So now we have a full block of around 8 acres with the 
acquisition of this, and we are still waiting for some clearance from Income Tax Department. We have 
paid the tender basically, we have paid advance, but we are just waiting for the final clearance through 
NCLAT and once it comes through, then we will have the full acquisition done for the company, which 
only has the land as an asset. 
Girish Jain: 
So this will give us further space to make more expansion in Faridabad? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Exactly, in Faridabad. That is correct. So that is the Phase-II we are talking in Haridwar, the Phase-II. 

[page 17]
 
Poly Medicure Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Girish Jain: 
And just one more bookkeeping question. Could you give some status of the debt currently on the books 
and the net working capital cycle? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Currently, as on date, as on today's date, we have Rs. 800 crores cash and then we have almost a 
borrowing of close to Rs. 200 crores for working capital from the banks for various limits, which are 
assigned for imports and for stocks and everything. So net cash would still be close to Rs. 600 crores 
and current working capital debtor cycle is close to around 80 days, and cash conversion cycle is around 
50 to 120 days. 
Girish Jain: 
Thank you. All the best. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Himanshu Baid for closing comments. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Baid: 
I would like to thank all the participants for joining this call and thank you very much for your questions. 
And I think I hope we were able to answer most of them and some couple of open topics. Of course, we 
will respond back directly to the participants with answers. And what I can assure you is right now that 
a company was on a growth track. And of course, we have seen some realignment. But now I think that 
is the path. And I think H2 again, as we have guided for a revenue of around close to Rs. 1,080 crores, 
which is almost 25% than H1 revenue. So we are now seeing the growth coming back. And of course, 
out of that, 10% will come from the new acquisitions, but still 90% is from the organic growth, which is 
going to come in. So overall, we are seeing that kind of growth. And in the full year, we will see overall 
growth of close to 15%-16%. Of course, we had guided for around 20% odd, but we are slightly lower 
than the number. But I think in the coming years, and I think we will come back to that original growth 
of 20% we have been projecting earlier. So I think and with a lot of new products coming in and new 
plant going online, we will have more and more capacity to offer to national, domestic and international 
markets. So I think now, there is a lot of realignment happened, and we are in a much better situation. 
So thank you again for the trust in us and I look forward to talk to you soon. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 

