===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
                         Indegene Limited   
                                                                                                                                                                    Third Floor, Aspen G-4 Block, Manyata Embassy  
Business Park (SEZ), Outer Ring Road, Nagawara, Bengaluru- 
560 045, Karnataka, India  
Phone: +91 80 4674 4567, +91 80 4644 7777 
www.indegene.com   
CIN: L73100KA1998PLC102040   
 
INDGN/SE/2025-26/79 
 
November 3, 2025 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001, India. 
Scrip Code: 544172 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051, India. 
Trading symbol: INDGN 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call on financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the conference call for the quarter ended September 30, 2025, held on 31st October 2025. 
 
The above information will be made available on the website of the Company: https://www.indegene.com/  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Indegene Limited  
 
 
 
 
Srishti Ramesh Kaushik 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
  
 
 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Indegene Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANISH GUPTA – CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – INDEGENE LIMITED 
 MR. SUHAS PRABHU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – INDEGENE 
LIMITED 
 MR. ABHISHEK AGARWAL – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
INDEGENE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
  Indegene Limited 
  October 31, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Indegene Limited Q2 F Y '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines w ill be in the listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing start then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Agarwal from Indegene. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Agarwal. 
Abhishek Agarwal: Thank you, moderator. A very good morning to all of you and thank you for joining us today for 
Indegene's earnings conference call for the second quarter and half year ended financial year 
2026. Today, we have with us Mr. Manish Gupta, Indegene's Chairman and CEO; and Mr. Suhas 
Prabhu, CFO, to share the highlights of the business and financials of the quarter. 
 I hope you have gone through our results release and the quarterly investor presentation, which 
have been uploaded on our website as well as the stock exchange website. The transcript of this 
call will be available in a week's time on the company's website. 
 Please note that today's discussion will be forward -looking in nature and must be viewed in 
relation to risks pertaining to our business. After the end of this call, in case you have any further 
questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Rela tions team. I now hand over the call 
to Manish to make his opening remarks. 
Manish Gupta: Thank you, Abhishek. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our Q2 earnings call. 
The past few months have been very action -packed both externally, the external environment 
and internally at Indegene as well. And I hope to try and cover as many of these in much detail 
as is practical on this call today. 
 Let's start with the external factors, especially the evolving U.S. policy matters that impact the 
life science industry and have been in the news quite a lot. The big headline for the industry has 
been the most favored nation or MFN pricing. On September 30th, President Trump and Pfizer 
announced the first deal on this matter. The agreement provides every state Medicaid program 
in the country access to MFN drug prices on Pfizer products and requires Pfizer to offer 
medicines at a deep discount of the list price when selling directly to American patients. 
 There is also a plan to offer many drugs at significant discounts through a new federally operated 
DTC platform called TrumpRx.gov. Finally, this agreement also grants Pfizer a grace period of 
3 years from any Section 232 pharma tariffs provided the compan y continues to invest in U.S. 
manufacturing. 
 While this deal does have an adverse impact on drug pricing, the terms and scope of the 
agreement is seen as positive for Pfizer and for the pharma industry in general. Most companies 
have limited exposure to Medicaid and prices are already significantly l ower in this channel 
compared to the rest of the market. 
 The federally operated DTC platform, TrumpRx.gov will also have minimal impact as most 
patients do not pay out of pocket. Finally, it's likely companies will sidestep MFN restrictions 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
  Indegene Limited 
  October 31, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
by delaying launches in other geographies, while keeping prices high in the U.S. Also, it's likely 
that the prices for drugs in non -U.S. markets are increased to minimize the impact of MFN -
related price reductions in the U.S. 
 Overall, this has been a big relief for the industry because it takes away the regulatory overhang 
and provides a template for moving forward in a way that is not significantly disrupt ive for the 
industry. As per analysts, top 30 life science companies regained approximately USD440 billion 
in value during the last month. So you can see how this development is considered as not 
disruptive to the industry. 
 Companies have started announcing drug launches at significant discounts, which are applicable 
only for the limited DTC market and also overseas new drug launches are at -- some of them 
have been at higher prices, in line with the U.S. prices.  
Now the other big announcement in the recent past was the application of tariffs on 
pharmaceutical imports into the U.S., which were initially kept outside the purview of tariffs.  
Beginning October 1, pharmaceutical manufacturers would face 100% tariffs on all branded or 
patented drugs imported to the U.S. However, there were notable exemptions. Manufacturers 
could avoid these tariffs by building manufacturing facilities in the U.S. , defining building as 
either breaking ground or under construction. 
 Apart from this, the existing trade agreements would be also honored, including recent EU and 
Japanese compacts that limit pharmaceutical tariffs to 15%. Most companies have announced 
significant investments towards R&D and manufacturing in the U.S., thus blunting the impact 
of any tariff threat. It also seems that administration may look at MFN or tariffs as a combined 
tool rather than separate tools, so companies could use a mix of these 2 approaches as part of 
their negotiations. 
 Taking a step back, one can see a sort of trend here. The U.S. administration seems to be creating 
regulations, which were initially perceived as drastic and disruptive. However, the outcomes 
seem to indicate limited pressure in the immediate term, while also providing a possibility to a 
way out with any significant negative impact on the industry even in the longer term. With the 
MFN and tariff issue now having a potential resolution, there do not seem to be any other 
imminent clouds on the horizon for the industry as of now. 
 Now the other announcement of some relevance or some way connected to Indegene was the 
move against DTC marketing. To be clear, it's not a ban against DTC marketing, but action and 
tighter enforcement against disruptive or misleading DTC marketing. Essentially, the U.S. 
administration has tightened the regulations around DTC marketing, which may limit their 
activities on traditional DTC channels such as TV, print and related media advertising. and drive 
more engagements through newer channels such as digital, social media, etcetera. 
 This development has no impact on Indegene, as we do not have any significant engagements 
using traditional media for the DTC segment. However, we likely benefit from the shift to digital 
channels or spend diverted to segments such as HCP or market access, etcetera. 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
  Indegene Limited 
  October 31, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 Now with some of these having spoken about, let's come to the other action the U.S. 
administration announced. This was not specific to the life science or pharma industry. This was 
the fees for new H1B visa applications and the evolving landscape there wit h exemptions and 
clarifications on limiting the applicability of the fees.  This is a broader regulation that impacts 
all businesses, but more specifically outsourcing services businesses, which depute large number 
of employees from India to the U.S. every year. This has practically no impact on Indegene. 
 Currently, Indegene employs around 550 people in the U.S., out of which 45 people, 
approximately 8% are on H1B visas. Every year, we depute only 5 to 8 employees on H1B to 
the U.S., and this content can be easily managed through multiple routes, nearshorin g, passing 
on the additional cost to our customers, especially in large engagements, where they won't be 
material. 
 The reason for the low quantum of U.S. personnel on H1B is because Indegene is not a staffing 
business and a labour cost arbitrage is not the core of the business model at Indegene. As part of 
our business model, we hire talent who have deep local market expertise , be it regulatory 
expertise in each country, deep understanding of health care practices, channel preferences, 
pharma marketing or medical practices, which vary country by country. And this talent is, of 
course, available only locally. 
 Our customer engagements need us to operate in multiple countries across the globe for large 
regions with a complex multi -location hybrid delivery system, which combines multi -country 
local operations working seamlessly with nearshoring and offshoring capa bilities with multi -
skilled personnel having deep domain expertise working together in a global operating model. 
This is also very clearly visible in the higher revenue per employee metric at Indegene, which 
clearly is market leading. 
 Before we move ahead , to summarize my commentary on the U.S. policy changes and the 
administration action, the industry continues to face pressure on drug pricing and margins, 
whether it was through IRA in the past or MFN negotiations or tariff announcements now. And 
this is something which we've been alluding to, speaking about from our, I would say, very early 
earnings call. However, the likely adverse impact to the industry is limited. And the positive 
news for the industry is that actions taken in this regard clear any uncertainty on policy overhang 
and should aid decision-making moving forward. Calendar year 2025, Q3 performance for the 
industry is expected to be in line with the industry forecast and market expectations, and there 
do not seem to be any major industry headwinds that we see as of now. 
 Now with this, let's come closer to home. We continue to see clients now actively building on 
some of the earlier digital and centralization theme. This, we believe, is driven by some of the 
top-down pressures the industry faces and the fact that we see AI as a way to get more efficient 
and effective. We believe this will be the next level of driver for digital adoption, centralization 
and embedding of AI in key medical and sales marketing processes. 
 Our offering Tectonic has been based on this theme, and we continue to make progress on that. 
While it's still early, we are highly encouraged to have clocked approximately $2 million in H1 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
  Indegene Limited 
  October 31, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
revenue in Tectonic from 4 customers. This is up from 2 customers we had in Q1. We have 
initiated multiple conversations in this area and the pipeline is shaping up well. 
 Given some of the things I saw and I spoke about and the commentary we have been sharing 
with you for a long time, we continue to strengthen our GenAI -based capabilities centered 
around our proprietary Cortex platform. We are increasingly seeing evidence t hat supports our 
hypothesis that real value addition from GenAI will come from contextualizing the technology 
for the domain. 
 With Cortex, our focus, therefore, has been on qualifying 26 years of our life science regulatory 
and business process-specific knowledge that we then use to train agents across the value chain. 
We continue to build business applications on top of t his knowledge engineering -led agentic 
layer in Cortex. 
 We are building applications across key areas like digital content with use cases for our agency 
business, Tectonic as well as commercial content creation and adaptation. All this has been on 
the commercial side of the business, sales and marketing side of the business, if you would call 
it out. 
 On the medical side, we have built applications for medical legal review, regulatory writing and 
submissions and a few others. We are taking a platform approach versus a point solution 
approach to building these GenAI applications because otherwise, we fee l that the industry is 
very soon going to run into the problem of managing hundreds of business process agents and 
driving governance for them. 
 Further, our end -to-end content engine called Content Super App is being built as a single 
platform for brand managers as well as global commercial operations. Multiple agents that drive 
different aspects of development, such as ideation, concepting, localization, personalization and 
regulatory approval of content, however, all via a single platform. 
 Similarly, with our medical writing platform, we are automating authoring of all regulatory 
reports right from protocol authoring to clinical study report to ongoing filings post approval on 
a single platform. We continue to add regional use cases on this platform based on the client's 
need. 
 As we see our clients' needs getting crystallized and pipeline generation improving, increased 
activity levels in customer organizations due to growth in revenue in new launches or cost 
efficiency and modernization / GenAI initiatives with some customers resulting in new 
opportunities, we have decided to strengthen our go-to-market engine in multiple ways 
• We have increased the strength of our business development teams on both fronts, 
increased customer coverage and deeper penetration with existing customers. 
• We have added capacity and capabilities in consulting, data and technology, including 
GenAI. This has been done in the U.S. and Europe. And we'll continue to strengthen 
this as we make progress with customers on new engagements for enhancing the scope 
of current engagements.  
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
  Indegene Limited 
  October 31, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
• We have and continue to deepen our partnerships with some of the hyperscalers and 
other technology product companies that have and are getting traction in our industry. 
• We have also acquired 2 businesses, BioPharm, which we had spoken about earlier in 
the call, a U.S. -based omnichannel marketing company focused on targeted HCP or 
health care professional engagement. And a very recent one, WARN, a U.K. -based 
boutique consu lting firm, having people with significant experience in change 
management, transformation consulting and digital and technology areas for pharma. 
Both these acquisitions were done in October. We'll have more commentary on these 
acquisitions a bit later. 
 Now we believe these investments will help us to capitalize on the market opportunity that we 
see in front of us. These ahead of the curve investments should accelerate our growth 
progressively over 6 to 8 quarters, but with EBITDA margins compression in t he near term by 
about 1.5%. 
 I'm getting into our results now. We had a good quarter on both execution front and new business 
generation front. Q2 revenue came in at INR8,042 million, growing 17.1% year -on-year and 
5.7% quarter-on-quarter. 
 Among the significant wins during the quarter, there were 2 large deals of 3 million-plus ACV, 
both in the ECS segment, first one with a big pharma to manage their global omnichannel for 
health care professional campaign operations for a few years. And the second engagement with 
a top 5 customer of Indegene with increased scope in existing global commercial operations. 
Both these are start expected to start in Q3 and ramp up over the next 3, 4 quarters. 
 Additionally, we had 4 deal wins in the 1 million to 3 million ACV range. One in Enterprise 
Commercial segment with an upcoming biotech company for various transformations and 
business tech implementation projects. Revenues for this start again in Q3.  The other 3 deals 
were in the Enterprise Medical segment. First one with a medical device company for 
pharmacovigilance with a 3-year tenure to start in Q4. The next in the top 10 pharma company 
with scope expansion in existing medical operations. And the last with a midsized small pharma 
for supporting medical writing and submissions for biological license application for a slightly 
shorter duration, both of which will start in Q3. Finally, we also continue to have a healthy and 
growing pipeline with a higher proportion of potentially large deals greater than 3 million ACV. 
 Just a few weeks back, we also hosted Indegene Digital Summit. IDS 2025, which is our flagship 
event. This was done in September 2025 in Philadelphia in the U.S. We returned to an in-person 
format after 5 years. Since the start of COVID, we had gone digital. This in-person event was a 
huge success. It was attended by senior leaders from the industry, from our customers as well as 
regulators. 
 While AI took center stage in all conversations, almost every one of them also stressed how 
important context is to make the most of AI, a revalidation of what Indegene has been saying. 
We gained valuable insights on why organizations across industries are  struggling to derive 
meaningful ROI, turning pilots into full -scale production and challenge in reengineering 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
  Indegene Limited 
  October 31, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
processes and upskilling talent for an AI -first world. This, we believe, is an opportunity for 
Indegene, and we continue to focus on this. 
 Finally, some details on the BioPharm acquisition that we announced early this month. The 
integration is underway at full speed and support functions like finance, HR, IT, legal, etcetera, 
will be transitioned in 2 quarters, while business operations and go -to-market will likely take 
about 6 quarters to complete. 
 We are excited about the potential of this business in its current form as aligned to brand 
activation with the brand -by-brand business, where we shall invest to increase the business 
development activity in the U.S. as well as the integrated omnichannel campaign offering, which 
is a part of the ECS segment to scale up globally with some of the engagements cutting across 
brands. 
 This point bears some further context. Many of you are aware, Tectonic is our effort to go 
upstream towards the creative processes within the marketing activities. as an enterprise 
commercial engagement cutting across multiple or all brands in a customer, either globally or 
for a large region than a brand -by-brand engagement at a country level.  This offering is a 
combination of Indegene's content campaign and data capabilities, along with the creative 
capabilities acquired through Cult acquisition a couple  of years back and monetize through the 
enterprise-wide engagements rather than the brand -by-brand engagements, which also cuts 
across multiple countries or regions. 
 We believe that BioPharm will provide a similar opportunity for us to expand our capabilities 
on the downstream omnichannel campaign execution capabilities and take these to our 
customers in an enterprise format rather than just a brand-by-brand format. That's a broad update. 
 With this now, I'll pass it on to Suhas for further details on the financial performance as well as 
financial perspective of the acquisitions.  
Suhas Prabhu: Thank you, Manish. Once again, a very good morning to all, and we appreciate your participation 
on this call today. 
 Let me begin by getting into the details of the financial performance for the quarter. Revenues 
for the quarter came in at INR8,042 million, up 17.1% year-on-year and 5.7% sequentially. The 
growth in U.S. dollar terms is 12.4% year-on-year and 3.6% sequentially. The EBITDA margin 
adjusted for onetime nonrecurring M&A costs for the quarter came in at 18.2%, down by 2% 
sequentially, almost entirely due to the annual wage hike, which was effective July of 2025. 
 The EBITDA margin net of the M&A costs is 17.6%. The favorable impact of productivity and 
efficiency initiatives was offset by an increase in our marketing expense due to the IDS 2025 
Event, as also higher technology costs due to infrastructure and subscription for cloud and GenAI 
requirements. 
 With the rupee depreciating against the dollar, the impact of exchange gain was favorable, but 
this was also offset by the mark -to-market charge on the forwards that were outstanding at the 
end of the quarter. 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
  Indegene Limited 
  October 31, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 Finally, the interest income was down by about 22.5%, primarily due to the decrease in yields 
on investments in both the U.S. and India with the progressively reducing Fed and repo rates. 
Thus PBT came in at INR1,331 million, a growth of 7.3% year -on-year and PAT came in at 
INR1,021 million, a growth of 11.4% year-on-year. 
 The PAT margin for the quarter is 12.7%, a reduction of 2.6% sequentially in line with the 
reduction in EBITDA. And thus the ETR, the effective tax rate for Q2 was relatively stable at 
23.3% versus 23.5% for the previous quarter. 
 Moving to the segmental results, our Enterprise segment, Enterprise Commercial and Enterprise 
Medical Solutions, which contribute to 88.5% of our revenue, grew by a healthy 8.1% quarter -
on-quarter, partially offset by the degrowth in Brand Activation segme nt, which degrew by 
15.8%. 
 The geographical mix continues to be steady with more than 96% of revenue coming from the 
U.S. and Europe region. North America revenue share is at 69.6% in Q2 versus 70.2% in Q1 
and Europe revenue share is at 27% in Q2 versus 27.1% in Q1. 
 Coming to the customers, our top 5 customers have grown 4.5% quarter -on-quarter despite a 
degrowth in our largest customer, which was anticipated with the change in the onsite offshore 
mix during the past renewal, which we had highlighted during one of our  past earnings calls. 
The top 20 customer contribution remained steady at 75.2%, while the accounts beyond the top 
20 grew at a faster pace, growing by 10.3% quarter -on-quarter, combined with our active 
customer base increasing to 76 active customers from 70 in the last quarter. 
 Coming to the M&A side of things, the acquisition of Biopharm was completed effective 
October 1st, 2025. The BioPharm financials will form part of our consolidated financials from 
October 1st, 2025 onwards, which is the next quarter onwards. Given the size of the acquisition, 
we'll be reporting both organic and inorganic growth and corresponding revenue in the coming 
couple of quarters. Please refer to the Investor Relations website for further details of the 
transaction, including the deal value and the deal structure. 
 The payment at closing to complete the transaction was approximately USD 65 million and was 
placed in an escrow account as at 30th September 2025, while the transfer to the sellers was 
done on October 1st. And hence, this reflects as restricted cash under other current assets as at 
September 30th, 2025.  Including the restricted cash, our cash balances, cash equivalents and 
investments were a healthy USD 210 million versus USD 200 million as at June 30th, 2025. The 
DSOs, net of unearned and unbilled revenue remained a steady 71 days.  
Further, on October 16, 2025, we also completed the acquisition of WARN & CO, a boutique 
U.K.-based consulting business for upfront consideration of GBP 2 million plus future 
performance-linked payout. This is not likely to have any material impact on the financial results 
of the company on a consolidated basis.  However, Manish has already mentioned earlier how 
this fits into our investments focused on future growth, which includes the consulting capabilities 
that we have acquired through the -- through WARN & CO. 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
  Indegene Limited 
  October 31, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 With that, let me take a pause and move on to the questions that either Manish or I can address 
for you today. Back to you Moderator. 
Moderator: Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Ahmed Madha with Unifi Capital.  Please 
go ahead.  
Ahmed Madha: Trying to understand the P&L better, both for the Q2 and the comment you mentioned about 
1.5% margin reduction, right? So in Q2, even adjusted for M&A expenses, the opex, other 
expenses rate is quite higher compared to historical rate and there has been an increase. So you 
can give some granular sense what explains the increase in the expenses. That's first. 
 And second, in terms of employee cost front, you can give some sense of the hikes, which we 
have taken post June, which is reflecting in Q2.  And coming to the comment you mentioned 
about 1.5% margin reduction, can you give some sense next 2 or 3 years, how do you see the 
margins range changing and what all initiatives we'll be taking, which is reflecting in your 
margin guidance? 
Manish Gupta: I'll let Suhas handle it, but let me just start with the last one. The margin reduction in the very 
near term, let's call it, next quarter, is primarily because of these investments we have made, and 
we believe in the next 6 to 8 quarters, we should get it  back to the levels, which we've been 
operating at. With that, Suhas, I'll pass it on to you to break it down to some more details. 
Suhas Prabhu: Sure, Manish. Thanks, Ahmed, for your question. So the other expenses that have increased have 
largely 3 components of increase, one which I already mentioned earli er, which was 
approximately USD0.5 million of M&A expenses, which are largely diligence fees, legal fees 
and the like, which were incurred in relation to work that was completed by 30th September for 
the 2 acquisitions that we concluded eventually in October. 
 The other major component was the IDS or the marketing event that we had in Philadelphia in 
September. in physical form and approximately $0.5 million of expense in the event combined 
with a little around, say, $0.1 million of travel cost was the other component. 
 And finally, about $0.25 million of technology costs, which increased quarter -on-quarter given 
higher investments, especially in the GenAI subscriptions and the related cloud infrastructure, 
all of which that I mentioned is part of the other expenses. 
 Now coming to your next question, which is on the increment. At Indegene, our annual 
increment is effective July every year and this year also, so effective 1st of July 2025. The 
increments in the past have resulted in a 2.1%, 2.2% per dilution in margin r ate from -- on a 
sequential basis. And even in the current year, this is in the similar range, around 2.1% is the 
impact of the wage bill increase. 
 And what we typically see is that progressively, the margins tend to increase here on. But every 
year, again, in that July period, given that it's an annual increment cycle would see a decline in 
margins. But this is nothing out of ordinary for Indegene if  you look back into our past. So I 
hope that clarifies the questions that you had, Mr. Ahmed. 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
  Indegene Limited 
  October 31, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Ahmed Madha: Yes. I get the sense. Second question was to understand the business mix in terms of top clients, 
right? I mean, the commentary in last quarter or so was that the pain in the largest client is behind 
us, but it seems there has been some degrowth again in Q2. So you can give some sense how is 
the conversation with your top 1 or 2 clients? And how do you see those clients coming back 
with either new orders or the contract renewals? 
Suhas Prabhu: Yes. So Ahmed, our top 5 customers, what we have seen in the past, our largest customer has 
been steady to growing in the last 6 quarters. A couple of earnings calls ago, we had mentioned 
that our largest customer, one of the contracts that was renewed had  a change in the mix from 
onsite to offshore for certain roles. And therefore, we would anticipate a reduction in the 
revenue, while it would actually be in the longer run positive from a margin perspective. And 
therefore, that's the only major impact. 
 And this is not related to any challenges that we had seen with a couple of other customers. And 
as you observe in the current quarter, the top 5 has actually grown by 4.6% sequentially, which 
is consistent with what we had mentioned that we see that the pain that we had with a couple of 
customers is largely behind us and things are back on track and growing. 
Manish Gupta: I also want to emphasize that as to us in large 5 -- top 5 customers, we don't see any broad 
headwinds. The largest customer, this engagement was called out in our, I think, end of Q4, if 
I'm not wrong. However, in our largest customer, we see -- we have a pretty strong pipeline, and 
we are very bullish about growth in the, I would say, near to midterm itself. 
Ahmed Madha: Last question from my side. In terms of headcount addition, how do you see the trend in the near 
to medium term, considering we have made a lot of investment in terms of productivity, AI and 
stuff, right? So how does that sort of transition into headcount addition? We have been seeing 
last, I think, 3 -odd quarters, there have been incremental addition. After I think FY '24, there 
was headcount cut and then in the first half of '25 also, there wasn't much addition. In last 3, 4 
quarters, we have seen the trend of headcount addition. So how do you see that number panning 
out in terms of increasing headcount? 
Manish Gupta: So I'll again comment and then pass it on to Suhas. We believe our revenue per employee, which 
is -- I would guess that it's highest in the industry. We believe securely, it will inch higher, right, 
which means that we will add employees, but obviously not at the same rate as our growth rate. 
So Suhas you want to get slightly more specific? 
Suhas Prabhu: So continuing on what Manish mentioned, yes, we would continue to see a growth in the number 
of employees, but the rate of growth of the number of employees would typically be lesser than 
the rate of growth of the revenue, and we should see that reflecting  in a higher realization at 
employee level. 
 One of the things that we are doing actively is also investing in talent ahead of the curve given 
the kind of activity that we are seeing in the deal wins as well as the pipeline that is building out 
and using this opportunity to onboard people and train t hem ahead of when we anticipate the 
revenues to come in. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Divyansh Agarwal with Ionic Asset Managers. 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
  Indegene Limited 
  October 31, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Divyansh Agarwal: Just wanted to get a note on the incremental growth that the company might get, say, in the 
coming Q3, Q4 and, say, in FY '27? And how much growth are we anticipating from the 2 new 
acquisitions that we have made? This is my first question. 
 And secondly -- and the second question on the margin compression. So we will be facing around 
1% to 1.5% of margin compression. So are we taking any steps to ensure that maybe, say, in the 
couple of next quarters, the margin reduction that we'll have, we can make up a bit of that. So 
that was from my end. 
Manish Gupta: Let me start with the last one and go in reverse way. The reason we are making these investments 
is that we see a market opportunity right now. We believe that while there are -- these 
investments are being made a bit of ahead of the curve, by growth itsel f, most of the margins 
will come back on track. 
 Beyond that, we obviously continue to rationalize across the board, right? And this is something 
we have done many times in the past that when we see the market shifting right into positively, 
then we invest to capitalize on this opportunity. So we believe margins will come back, as I said, 
in the 6 to 8 quarters. Suhas, do you want to again double click or anything? 
Suhas Prabhu: Manish, you have already mentioned, as we have done in the past, while we invest, we also 
relook at areas that we can optimize while we continue our initiatives on productivity and 
efficiency. And given our engagement model, which is a hybrid construct of time and material, 
but a larger construct of catalog pricing or output -based pricing, we believe that we have 
sufficient levers to be able to impact productivity, which results in better margins for us. And 
that would be the other lever to ge t us back into the range that we have been operating in the 
past, which is around 20% and a little north of that. That I understand. 
Divyansh Agarwal: And sir, just last question, if I could ask is for the coming quarters and maybe for the next year, 
what kind of growth are you anticipating for the overall business? 
Manish Gupta: We don't give guidance. That's something which we have carried on. All I can share with you is 
that we are seeing the market open up, right, at this point of time. But guidance is something 
which we don't do. Again, Suhas, do you want to comment on this? 
Suhas Prabhu: You mentioned Manish -- Divyansh, again, we won't get specific as we don't give guidance. But 
we certainly are looking forward to a growth rate, which is higher than what we saw in the past 
year and even the start of this year. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Sameer Dosani with ICICI Prudential AMC. 
Sameer Dosani: Just to clarify on this margin piece again. So last year, we did 19.5%, closer to 19.5% margin. 
So one should think 1.5% decline or there are offsets like this is the gross impact and there will 
be offsetting cost measures that can help the margin? That is my question number one. And also, 
-- yes, so this is first question. 
Manish Gupta: Suhas, do you want to go ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
  Indegene Limited 
  October 31, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Suhas Prabhu: Yes, Sameer, thanks for your question. As I already responded to Divyansh, there are 
opportunities to offset and we will be acting on those as well. And therefore, there will be 
potentially some offset, but that would also be progressively through the quarters. It wouldn't -- 
there's unlikely that the offset would be achieved within 1 or 2 quarters. 
Sameer Dosani: And I should take it from FY '25 base, not from Q2 numbers, right? 
Suhas Prabhu: From the current quarter, these would be likely impacting us on a go -forward basis rather than 
maybe the cumulative. 
Sameer Dosani: Sorry, like, so the FY '26 margin ballpark guidance... 
Suhas Prabhu: For H2 and not on a full year basis. 
Sameer Dosani: So H1, we have already done, if I add back the M&A, 19.2%, then one should take 1.5% impact 
on this 19.2%, which is 17.7%. Second is when you consolidate this BioPharm, right, would you 
be taking net revenues or gross revenues because that -- yes. And thirdly, I couldn't understand 
this ACV remark. So 4 deals in 1 million to 3 million range. But 3 million, how many deals have 
you signed, 3 million plus ACV? 
Suhas Prabhu: So the $3 million plus, it was 2 deals and $1 million to $3 million were 4 deals. Hopefully, that 
clarifies. And Sameer, what was your other question? 
Sameer Dosani: Whether we will take net revenues of BioPharm or gross revenues because the net revenues are 
around lower end? 
Suhas Prabhu: Yes. We would -- as per accounting standards, we would have to report gross revenues. 
However, we would also be disclosing the net revenue. 
Sameer Dosani: And lastly, like what you have seen in the past is on the growth side, right, H2 is seasonally 
stronger for us in terms of organic growth. So does that things plays out? And also, I think this 
-- the deal that you disclosed and when I calculate this ACV is around 14 million at least, right? 
So how does this compare with maybe last year we have done 14 million each in Q1 and Q2. 
How does this compare versus the last year? 
Suhas Prabhu: Versus the previous year, this year has been an increase in the deal closures. It is quite similar 
to the deals that we closed in Q1, maybe marginally higher. 
Sameer Dosani: And seasonally, H2 will be stronger in terms of growth versus H1, that is what you have seen 
normally and we would be commenting on. So should we see a similar phenomenon this year as 
well. 
Suhas Prabhu: Again, the business doesn't have any specific seasonality, which is material. But having said 
that, unlike if we were to look at IT services, given our engagement model, we are not impacted 
adversely by furloughs or lesser number of working days in February and the like. And therefore, 
we believe that there's nothing -- and also given the deal pipeline and so on, we don't believe 
that there'll be anything outside of what we have seen in the past as well. 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
  Indegene Limited 
  October 31, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Deep Shah with B&K Securities. 
Deep Shah: So we've seen some growth assumption this quarter. And if I hear Manish comments at the start 
of the call, it seems that some of the disruption or some of the uncertainties, which are keeping 
brands on the fence are getting gradually resolved. Now what I understand is whenever there is 
some disruption, it is that time when we gain the most, at least that's how history has been? 
 But it, of course, comes with some lag. So if -- I don't expect guidance, but if you could give a 
slightly qualitative answer about how historically has that conversion been? And do you foresee 
some of it to come by, say, in 12 months or in 24 months? Some qualitative understanding around 
this could be useful. 
 Secondly, as a subtext to this question, the kind of disruption that we've seen in the past, these 
ones would be pretty small compared to them. Would that be a right assessment? Or these 
disruptions and these solutions are also materially large enough to change the trajectory for us? 
Manish Gupta: I can take a shot at answering this. First of all, typically, what happens is the reason we -- and 
you should look at our comments holistically. One is about the industry in general, the macro 
environment, which I spoke about and the very specific things w hich we are seeing related to 
our space, right? 
 The reason we gave this commentary is that there is so much announcements around the pharma 
industry, right? And of course, if there is massive disruption, right, in at least the short term 
things come to a freeze, right, in many of these companies. And which is what we wanted to call 
out that doesn't seem to be the case, that dust is settling down. 
 Now combine that with a comment I've been making for a very long period of time in our calls 
that we believe that drug prices are secularly under -- going to be under pressure. right? We 
made this comment much before any of this thing has started. 
 And what you are seeing is a validation of that, right? If drug prices are going to be secularly 
under pressure, companies will have to continue to become more efficient and effective. That 
plays squarely into our positioning, right? That's where we step i n where companies are saying 
that we will have to decide that they have to run their medical and commercial operations in a 
much more efficient way, and that's what we offer. 
 Now tie this to what I'm saying is that we see customers who are slightly -- who are obviously 
after the huge COVID wave consolidating, they're coming back now to the table in terms of 
saying how can they move us upstream, how can they get it laid downstream, right? 
 In IDS, we heard themes like no rep launches, right, all kinds of things. So we're seeing 
customers now opening up and thinking about where do they take their various strategic digital 
initiatives in. And of course, AI is becoming another big driver for that because they believe that 
much more can be done using AI. I hope that answers your question. 
Deep Shah: So it gives some context, but I'll probably take it late. 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
  Indegene Limited 
  October 31, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Vijay Menon with Monarch Capital. 
Vinay Menon: Just a few things. One is on Tectonic, you had mentioned in Q1, we had closed $1 million deal. 
So any progress on that? And have we been able to get more deals on that? 
Manish Gupta: Suhas, do you want to take it? 
Suhas Prabhu: Yes, Manish. Yes. Certainly. Thanks, Vinay, for your question. So Tectonic even in the current 
quarter has clocked close to $1 million in revenue. And therefore, for the first half, we've clocked 
$2 million in revenue. 
 The encouraging part with Tectonic has been that in the current quarter, 2 more customers have 
become paid -- paying customers, though at a very small level at this point in time, but the 
encouraging part is that from unpaid pilots, we managed to convert 2  more customers into paid 
projects, but it's still very early with them, but that's an encouraging sign. 
 And having said that, the pipeline with the 2 customers that we were already having revenues in 
Tectonic starting last quarter. The pipeline is building up very fast. It's looking very promising. 
And we are hopeful that in the current quarter, we would be able to close a lot of that pipeline 
given that a lot of this planning especially for longer-term engagements tend to happen with the 
planning cycle of our customers. 
 And in this case, also is Jan to December planning cycle. We are hopeful of those conversions 
happening by the end of December, if not maybe early January, but for this renewal cycle, these 
should be the incremental scope of work that we've signed. 
Vinay Menon: And one more thing. I just want to ask on the brand activation part. So in Q1, you had mentioned 
that there was some project deferral and a large project also closed. So any strategy to revive 
this segment or... 
Suhas Prabhu: Yes, Vinay, and the impact of that was partial in the last quarter and continued the full quarter 
impact in the current quarter as well. But having said that, there's a significant effort on new 
engagements and so on and we have a good pipeline that has be en built up. Unfortunately, has 
taken more time to close than we anticipated, but there's a healthy pipeline, and we are hopeful 
to see those convert in the current quarter. 
 One other thing that I would want to refer to is in the last quarter, we had also mentioned that 
there was a win for the Brand Activation segment, which has just taken off in the current quarter, 
but a significant ramp -up will be there in quarter 3, which would partially fill in the degrowth 
that we are seeing from the project that ended in Q1. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Prakash Kapadia with Kapadia Financial Services. 
Prakash Kapadia: I just had one question. If I look at the H1 operating cash flow, it has actually improved from 
INR1.35 billion to INR2 billion. Receivables have come off in first half, and they've been 
declining as a trend over the last 2, 3 years. So what is leading to this decline? And can they 
further decline as we move towards the second half and beyond? 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
  Indegene Limited 
  October 31, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Suhas Prabhu: Thanks, Prakash, for your question. As far as cash flows and more importantly, the AR levels 
are concerned, there's a bit of a seasonality in our business. Typically, in December, we have a 
peak in terms of invoices that we send out and that results in a higher DSO, higher AR levels in 
December. It comes down a little in March, given that a lot of that converts to cash flow with a 
60- to 90-day credit period. 
 But 90 days sometimes moves into beyond March from a collection perspective and tends to be 
a little more elevated levels of AR in March, while typically June and September quarters are 
when these are not as elevated as the other 2 quarters. That's a bit of seasonality on the invoicing 
and related cash flow that we have experienced in the past. 
Prakash Kapadia: But you mentioned typically like the IT companies, you don't see a seasonality as far as revenues 
go. So why does that seasonality happen in terms of the billing cycle? 
Suhas Prabhu: Yes. So to further clarify, while our revenue doesn't get impacted -- from an invoicing 
perspective, we see a bit of slowness in the July, August period, which is summer vacations in 
Europe and U.S. And what we have as a practice at Indegene is to get customer consents before 
we send out the invoices. And these holidays tend to delay it. 
 But at the same time, there's an acceleration in the invoicing in the quarter ending December. 
Many of our customers in December want us to send invoices ahead of their year-end rather than 
in normal course, which would have gone, say, the first week of th e next month, and that tends 
to elevate or increase the level of AR in December, whereas the reverse happens in the quarter 
ending September, given that there are more holidays and unavailability of the customer tends 
to delay the invoicing cycle by a bit. 
 But that has no impact on the revenue. So there's no impact on the revenue from a seasonality 
perspective, but there would be an impact on the invoicing and related due dates, which impacts 
the cash flow. 
Moderator: Next question comes from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya with Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: I have just one question. Considering the challenging environment for the pharma sector in the 
U.S. and whatever we have witnessed in past 1 year, can you share some qualitative insight, the 
type of conversations, which are ongoing with the client and the type of solutions, which they 
are asking and which they were asking a year back or 2 years back? Any change in the behavior 
in this client pattern or if you share some qualitative insight that would be useful. 
Manish Gupta: Sure. So I can start off with that. Actually, the earlier part of my commentary was that there have 
been a lot of headlines announcements. But over the last few, I would say, months, right? But in 
general, the uncertainty now on the pharma industry seems to be -- seems to have reduced, right, 
very significantly. So companies continue to progress with their regular plans. 
 What has changed is pharma had a super active period for a couple of years during COVID, 
right, in terms of drug launches, various other things, obviously, digital acceleration. And they 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
  Indegene Limited 
  October 31, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
took -- after that, they went into a phase of slow growth in 2023, if I'm not '23 and a little bit of 
'24, but they are also doing consolidation of all the activities they had done. 
 What we see is that phase seems to be over, and they are back in terms of figuring out, seeing 
and expanding the scope of their centralization and digital initiatives they had taken at a central 
level, right? Tectonic as a result of that, we see multiple o ther things happening similar to that 
level. 
 We also see companies exploring the potential of AI-driven broader initiatives, right, much more 
than what we were seeing, let's say, call it, 12 months back. But it's still early days and this 
industry will be circumspect, but we're seeing many of those c onversations. So overall, we see 
from a demand perspective or quality of engagement perspective, the environment to be much 
stronger than it was 12 to 18 months back. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-and-answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Suhas Prabhu: Thank you, moderator. We thank all the participants for attending this call and spending your 
precious time with us. We also appreciate your continued interest in Indegene and such 
interactions with you. We hope to continue that in the future. And with that, we'll close this call 
today. Thanks, and have a great day. 
Manish Gupta: Thank you... 
Suhas Prabhu: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Indegene Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 