[page 1]
                                                        An ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 Certified Company

Date – June 01, 2026

 To,                                               To,
 BSE Limited (“BSE”),                          National Stock Exchange  of  India  Limited
 Corporate Relationship Department,             (“NSE”)
 2nd Floor, New Trading Ring,                    “Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor,
 P.J. Towers, Dalal Street,                           Plot No. C/1, G Block,
 Mumbai – 400001                               Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
                                       Mumbai – 400051
 BSE Scrip code: 543399                  NSE Symbol: TARSONS


Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30  of the SEBI  (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Earnings Conference Call

Dear Sir/Madam,

With reference to the captioned subject and in continuation to our intimation dated May 18, 2026, please
find enclosed herewith the transcripts of the Investor Conference Call held on Monday, May 25, 2026, to
discuss the  financial and  operational performance/Audited  Financial Results (Standalone and
Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026.

The transcripts of the said conference call have been uploaded on the Company’s website at
www.tarsons.com.

This is for your information and records.

Thanking you,

Yours Faithfully,
For Tarsons Products Limited
                      Digitally signed bySANTOSH               SANTOSH KUMAR
              AGARWALKUMAR
                   Date: 2026.06.01
AGARWAL 10:56:30 +05'30'
Santosh Kumar Agarwal
CFO, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
ICSI Membership No. A44836


Encl: As above





Tarsons Products Limited, 902, Martin Burn Business Park, BP-3, Sector –V, Salt Lake, Kolkata – 700091
                              Tel: +91 33 3522 0300, Web: www.tarsons.com
                       Mail: info@tarsons.com, CIN: L51109WB1983PLC036510
[page 2]
             “Tarsons Products Limited

     Q4 & FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call”

              May 25, 2026




  E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording
                  uploaded on the stock exchange on May 25, 2026 will prevail





MANAGEMENT: MR. ARYAN SEHGAL – PROMOTER AND WHOLE TIME
             DIRECTOR – TARSONS PRODUCTS LIMITED
            MR. SANTOSH AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL
             OFFICER AND COMPANY SECRETARY– TARSONS
             PRODUCTS LIMITED





                                  Page 1 of 19
[page 3]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026





Moderator:                Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Tarsons Products Limited Q4 and FY '26

                           Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about

                             the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the

                             date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks

                         and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.


                      As a reminder, all participants will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity

                               for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the

                           conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.

                            Please note that this conference is being recorded.


                                    I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aryan Sehgal, Promoter and Whole Time Director of

                          Tarsons Products for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir.


Aryan Sehgal:           Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to the Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Call of Tarsons

                           Products Limited. I'm joined by Mr. Santosh Agarwal, our CFO; and SGA, our Investor

                             Relations partners. We have uploaded our results and investor presentation for the Q4 and FY

                               '26 on our website and the stock exchange. I hope everybody had an opportunity to go through

                             the same.


                      To begin with, we are delighted to share that Tarsons has achieved its highest ever quarterly

                          revenue in Q4 FY'26. Our revenue stood at INR121 crores, reflecting a year-on-year growth of

                          7.4%, while the revenue for FY'26 stood at INR426 crores, registering a growth of 7.7% year-

                             on-year. This gradual improvement in performance strengthens our confidence in the long-term

                         growth of Tarsons.


                        With increased capacities and capabilities now in place, addition of product portfolio and strong

                          brand recognition for Tarsons in the domestic market, coupled with our strategic expansion

                                 initiatives in the overseas market, we are well positioned to outperform industry growth across

                            markets.


                          Speaking of industry dynamics, Tarsons has once again outperformed overall industry growth

                               trends. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, the industry recorded a modest growth of 3%, whereas

                          Tarsons delivered a significantly strong growth of approximately 16%. Similarly, on a year-on-

                            year basis, while the industry witnessed a decline of around 8%, Tarsons reported a growth of

                          4.5%.


                       The performance reflects our ability to consistently gain market share and strengthen our

                              position within the industry. On a stand-alone basis, our revenue for Q4 FY'26 stood at INR97

                             crores as compared to INR93 crores in Q4 FY'25, representing a 4.4% growth year-on-year.

                        While the overall growth remained moderate, our domestic business delivered a strong



                                  Page 2 of 19
[page 4]
                                                    Tarsons Products Limited
                                                 May 25, 2026

performance with a revenue growth of 11.7% year-on-year, reflecting continued demand

momentum and strengthening market presence.


Overall revenue growth, however, was impacted by a decline of 13.4% in the export business

during Q4 FY'26, which was largely due to the ongoing geopolitical tensions and warlike

situation in the Middle East.


This has significantly disrupted global supply chains, leading to shipment delays across our

international markets. Factors such as non-availability of containers, elevated freight costs and

shipment delays amid prevailing uncertainties led to temporary decline in the export revenue

during this quarter. Despite these external challenges, our domestic business demonstrated

strong resilience and continued to outperform, delivering approximately 12% year-on-year

growth in Q4 FY'26.


This performance reinforces our confidence in the strength of the domestic market and the

growing acceptance of the Tarsons brand. For the full year FY'26, stand-alone revenues grew by

6% year-on-year with domestic business growing by 7% and exports registering around 3%.


Export performance during the year was impacted by multiple external factors, including tariff-

related uncertainties during FY '26, seasonally weaker demand in Q3 due to the holiday period

in international markets and geopolitical disruptions witnessed in Q4. In terms of recent

developments, we have observed some easing of supply chain-related issues over the past 2

weeks. Additionally, customer inquiries and order pipelines, which had remained subdued over

the last couple of months are now gradually reviving.


We are closely monitoring the evolving situation and remain well positioned to capitalize on

improving momentum going forward. While the margins for Q4 and FY'26, both the gross

margin and the EBITDA margin witnessed some decline due to a significant increase in the raw

material prices during February and March, driven by commodity price movements and global

supply chain disruptions.


Those resulted in a contraction in gross margin during the quarter. EBITDA margins were also

impacted by higher operating expenses  related  to our new  plants should now become

operational, while the corresponding revenue contribution is expected to build up gradually over

the coming years.


As revenues scale up, we expect operating leverage to play out, supporting and improving our

overall EBITDA margins going forward. While gross margins remain relatively stable at around

71% to 72% during FY'26, the gross margin has been impacted over the past couple of months

by a considerable spike in raw material costs, driven by disruptions in global supply chains

following the onset of the Middle East conflict.


Going forward, the political situation and its impact on the supply chains and commodity prices

will be important factors to monitor in the near term. PAT for both Q4 and FY'26 was impacted


               Page 3 of 19
[page 5]
                                                    Tarsons Products Limited
                                                 May 25, 2026

by higher depreciation and interest costs following the commissioning of the new capex. For

FY'27 PAT is likely to remain at a relatively moderate level.


At the same time, we expect improved operating leverage from ramping up the new facilities to

aid the operational performance from FY'27. PAT has shown  significant improvement,

reflecting the underlying strength of the business. On a consolidated basis, cash PAT for FY'26

stood at INR112 crores compared to INR92 crores in FY'25, representing a strong growth of

21.5%.


Our new facilities and the capex, Tarsons has undergone a large-scale investment program

approximately 4 years ago with the objective of significantly enhancing its manufacturing

capabilities, broadening its product portfolio and strengthening its position across key growth

segments.


We are now entering the final phase of this expansion journey with a substantial portion of the

capex already commissioned and operational. Past few quarters, we have commenced operations

across several strategic product categories, including our bioprocess product lines, expanding

liquid handling manufacturing capacities and selected product lines within the cell culture

segment. The balance commissioning  is progressing as planned with  trial runs currently

underway for certain product lines and facilities.


We expect the entire capex program to be fully commissioned during the first half of the current

financial year. Once fully operational, these facilities will significantly enhance our production

capacities, improve supply capabilities and enable a wider and more diversified product basket

for both domestic and international markets. This expanded manufacturing base will position us

to address a larger customer base, improve market penetration and capitalize on emerging

opportunities across high-growth segments.


While the full utilization and ramp-up of these capacities will take some time, we expect the

initial benefits to start reflecting from the current financial year itself through higher volumes,

improved product availability and incremental revenue contribution.


Over the medium term, these investments are expected to become a key driver of growth and

operating leverage for the company. I would like to highlight a few key points. Over the last few

years, the industry has witnessed a challenging demand environment. However, Tarsons has

consistently outperformed  industry growth. During  this  period,  the company was  also

undertaking its largest ever capex program aimed at significantly expanding capacities and

capabilities to support growth over the next 5 to 7 years.


While these investments temporarily impacted overall financial performance, we believe the

heavy investment phase is now largely behind us. With industry conditions gradually improving,

we are well positioned to enter the next phase of growth. As we deepen our presence across

domestic and international markets with an expanded product portfolio, we expect stronger

revenue growth, which will subsequently translate into improved profitability. We remain highly


               Page 4 of 19
[page 6]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026

                             excited about the company's growth trajectory over the next 3 to 5 years and are optimistic about

                           outperforming our internal expectations.


                        With this, I now hand over the call to Santosh. Thank you.


Santosh Agarwal:        Thank you, and a very warm welcome to everyone on our Q4 FY'26 earnings conference call.

                           Let me take you through financial highlights for the quarter and full year 2026. On a stand-alone

                           performance, revenue for Q4 FY'26 stood at approximately INR97 crores as compared to INR93

                             crores in Q4 FY'25, registering a growth of 4.4% year-on-year.


                         Domestic business delivered strong growth of 11.7%. However, overall revenue growth was

                          moderated by a 13.4% decline in export during the quarter, primarily due to the Middle East

                                    crisis, which disrupted supply chain and impacted shipment dispatch as well as uncertainties

                           surrounding U.S.


                         Revenues for FY '26 stood at INR332.9 crores, reflecting a growth of 6% year-on-year. Gross

                         margin for the standalone business in Q4 FY'26 stood at 58.5% impacted mainly by high raw

                             material costs arising from volatility in commodity prices. Gross margin in FY'26 remained

                                relatively stable at around 71%. EBITDA for Q4 FY'26 and FY'26 stood at INR32.6 crores and

                        INR110.1 crores, respectively.


                    EBITDA margin were impacted by high commissioning and operational expenses related to the

                      Amta and Panchla facilities. We expect these costs to stabilize and margins to improve as

                                 utilization ramp up over the coming years. PAT for Q4 FY'26 stood at INR5.5 crores while

                        FY'26 PAT stood at INR22.7 crores, profitability was impacted by higher depreciation and

                                 interest expenses associated with the new capex. Approximately INR49 crores out of the total

                             depreciation of INR87 crores in FY'26 was for the Panchla and Amta facilities.


                           Adjusted cash PAT for Q4 FY'26 stood at INR31.9 crores while FY'26 adjusted cash PAT stood

                                 at INR111.1 crores, reflecting a growth of 15% year-on-year. On a conservative performance

                                basis, consolidated revenue for Q4 FY'26 stood at INR120.9 crores, registering a growth of 7.3%

                             year-on-year, while FY'26 consol revenue stood at INR422.5 crores, reflecting a growth of 7.7%

                             year-over-year.


                    EBITDA for Q4 FY'26 stood at approximately INR34.3 crores while an EBITDA margin of

                         28.3%. For FY'26 consol EBITDA stood at INR117.9 crores. PAT for FY'26 stood at INR14.3

                               crores. Adjusted cash PAT for Q4 FY'26 stood at INR33 crores, reflecting a growth of 9.3%

                            year-on-year while FY'26 adjusted cash PAT stood at INR112 crores, representing a strong

                         growth of 21.4% year-on-year.


                        At a consol level, we have marginally improved our cash flow from operations to INR118 crores

                        compared to INR114 crores despite lower profitability in FY'26. This reflects our disciplined

                            execution and working capital management.


                        With this, I open the floor for Q&A.

                                  Page 5 of 19
[page 7]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026

Moderator:              Thank you very much sir. First question is from the line of Rushabh Shah from BugleRock PMS.

                            Please go ahead.


Rushabh Shah:               Sir, our growth strategy relies heavily on the white label part alongside exporting our own Tarson

                          branded products. So how does the management manage the response from the customers when

                            they say they have a low-cost contract manufacturer with a much higher reputation in the

                               international markets?


Aryan Sehgal:              I'm not very sure about your question. I don't really understand it. What are you trying to get at?


Rushabh Shah:            There might be like in the export market, there might be some companies with a higher low-cost

                              contract manufacturing with a higher reputation in the international markets. So how does like

                      when Tarson approach a customer in the export market, so how does Tarson manage the

                           response from the customers. So when you say they have a low-cost manufacturing and better

                          branded than Tarson product in the international market. So how do you crack the customer in

                             the international market?


Aryan Sehgal:            No, I think it depends on the customer segments, what we are looking at. There is the market

                               internationally  is quite large and  is available to wide range of companies selling in the

                               international market. So, we do receive a lot of price competition. There is a lot of price

                            competition from domestic players in India exporting as well as from Chinese players.


                     And Tarsons looks at whatever its strengths are in terms of the products where it has an and

                         where how we can be able to maximize our value while delivering quality. But we cannot win

                           every customer and have every contract in place. We lose some contracts and win some

                               contracts, but there's enough space and room for the kind of value we deliver, internationally.


Rushabh Shah:               Sir, my second question is on our domestic contract has been our decade-long exclusive

                          agreements with the scientific distributors across India. So however, the unlisted players like

                       Abdos and Accumax are aggressively expanding their product portfolio and offering highly

                            competitive terms. So, are you seeing instances where our legacy distributors are onboarding

                             these competitors for a low-priced product lines?


Aryan Sehgal:            No. Most of the companies operating in the lab consumable space in India have their own

                             channel, and that is beneficial for all companies involved, large, big, small, medium-sized

                         companies because just like Tarsons would not like to share distribution partners with smaller

                      medium players or even larger multinational players. Similarly, the smaller players would also

                                try and appoint distributors who are exclusive to them and who are putting all their marketing

                                efforts in the promotion and sale of their products.


Moderator:              Next question is from the line of Avnish Tiwari from Vaikarya.


Avnish Tiwari:          Can you articulate how your depreciation rate will change as you commercialize the remaining

                             capacity? And what's the capex you are expecting in fiscal '27 and maybe fiscal '28?



                                  Page 6 of 19
[page 8]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026

Santosh Agarwal:      We are following written value method and the depreciation on machine and mold is 18% and

                             building is 10%. So that will continue. And still in our balance sheet, INR158 crores of CWIP

                                    is there, that will get moved to main asset segment in FY'27 and additional depreciation will

                      come from that as well. So, we expect a higher depreciation in FY '27.


Avnish Tiwari:             Right. But do you have some number like where it can go, your depreciation rate in fiscal '27?


Santosh Agarwal:        The rate will be the same because we are following the written down value method. Only thing

                                    is that the depreciation amount will be in the range of INR105 crores to INR110 crores. That

                               will be the peak for us.


Avnish Tiwari:          INR105 crores to INR110 crores, right?


Santosh Agarwal:          Yes.


Avnish Tiwari:           Okay. And what's the capex plan for fiscal '27 and '28, if you have?


Santosh Agarwal:         There is no additional capex plan. Whatever capex is pending and whatever CWIP is there, we

                              are just completing that. Apart from that, some maintenance and some required commercial

                             viable capex will be there. Otherwise, no major capex.


Avnish Tiwari:            Again, how much is that typically maintenance and general corporate kind of maintenance of

                              plant and everything? How much capex you envisage in fiscal '27?


Santosh Agarwal:         Approx INR20 crore.


Avnish Tiwari:            Business question I have on the cell culture. How do you expect the ramp-up in that business,

                                      let's say, this year, next year?


Aryan Sehgal:             So, we expect cell culture to gradually ramp up. We would expect slower ramp-ups as we've

                          commercially launched certain cell culture lines in the market over the last 2 to 3 months. So,

                     we expect a slower launch as people get accustomed to the product, do their respective test and

                                    trials and onboard us as one of their vendors.


                     And I think we should see some significant momentum towards year 2 and moving forward,

                            year 2, 3 and 4 should be able to really help us scale up the volumes till we reach a sizable market

                               size where we could have normalized growth levels. But I think starting from year 2, we should

                            see significant scale up if the product meets up to its expectations and is well accepted by the

                          customer base.


Avnish Tiwari:           The year 2 in this case would be fiscal '28.


Aryan Sehgal:             Yes. It should be towards the end of fiscal '27 -- fiscal -- beginning of fiscal '28, we should start

                            seeing a lot of momentum because we've launched this product. Most of the lines of the product

                          we've launched towards Q4 of last year. So, it's been about 2 to 3 months. So, we expect the first



                                  Page 7 of 19
[page 9]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026

                            year where first year, where people generally don't in a product like cell culture, they would not

                                 just jump into conclusions and give you the entire volume.


                       They would use you as one of the vendors and see how reliable we are in this. But the advantage

                                that we have is that we know the company, they know the brand and you know the reputation

                         which comes out from the products from Tarsons. So that gives us an edge.


Avnish Tiwari:          And these are domestic, who are your customers? And typically, do you need that a lot of

                           customers or fewer customers will fill up your capacity, assuming you start ramping up in year

                        2 and year 3?


Aryan Sehgal:            No, I think it will be a mix of international and domestic. The kind of capacities what we have

                               will not be able to be fulfilled just by domestic customers. So, it definitely will have to be a mix

                             of international and domestic.


Avnish Tiwari:          And like roughly like you need like a lot of customers or fewer customers that will be 10s and

                          20s are enough to fill up reasonable amount of capacity.


Aryan Sehgal:                    It's basically those 10s and 20s which will account for majority of the demand. You have a long

                                       tail, but these 10s and 20s would account for everything, yes.


Avnish Tiwari:          And apart from the cell culture piece, how you expect the growth momentum in fiscal '27? Like

                         where do you see each line of the business moving?


Aryan Sehgal:            No, I think cell culture is just used as a single term because we've used it as a very broad term,

                            but there are actually a lot of product lines for the bioprocess, biopharma, cell culture production

                            market. And there are some significant capacity expansions in certain product lines what we

                             already sell.


                                    I think the Indian market stabilizing puts us in a very good position to acquire more market share

                         from the Indian market as well as the expansion in international markets, considering the world

                              geopolitical situation globally remains stable. But internationally, we are very, very bullish on

                        good growth moving forward over the next 3 to 4 years. But we are cautious that there could be

                               certain blips in the midterm or the short term because of the geopolitical environment. But

                                overall, strategy-wise, international market remains a robust opportunity for Tarsons.


Avnish Tiwari:           Are you serving something for Nerbe from India or you can after capacity expansion?


Aryan Sehgal:        We will after laying down all the capacity expansions what we have, we will be serving a lot of

                            products from India for Nerbe. Whatever is financially viable, of course, yes.


Avnish Tiwari:             Right. And on the Indian domestic side, what has changed lately, which has made growth rate

                            pick up?


Aryan Sehgal:           Of course, our product portfolio has grown. And I think the market is easing out a bit. The

                               situation in the market was pretty favorable over the last 6 to 7 months in India, and we grow on

                                  Page 8 of 19
[page 10]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026

                                that momentum. I believe that whenever the market will be favorable, Tarsons will always have

                             the best opportunity for growth, the way we positioned ourselves with the customer base as well

                             as with the distribution network.


Moderator:              Next question is from the line of Jasdeep Walia from Clockvine Capital Advisors Private

                            Limited.


Jasdeep Walia:               Sir, you are very bullish on prospects of exports growing at a significant rate in the starting of

                                 fiscal year '26. And then this whole episode happened where duties were raised in U.S. And

                          whatever you were thinking did not happen in FY'26. But those hindrances are now taken care

                                 of. So, export duties are no longer there. So, should we expect very strong growth in exports in

                         FY'27?


Aryan Sehgal:                  I would not be able to answer that clearly because at this point of time, we have a significant

                            spike in raw materials as we speak, right? This has been prevalent for the last 8 to 10 weeks,

                         from the beginning middle of March. So, it depends on how soon there will be normalized

                             conditions because these large raw material spikes are primarily attributed to manufacturers in

                          Asia and not so much to manufacturers in the U.S.


                         Although U.S. manufacturers are feeling the heat of inflation as we speak, but the sourcing of

                        raw material prices, which is a primary component in manufacturing our products has not been

                              affected in the U.S. as compared to in India, where you see raw material price increases as much

                             as 70% from normalized levels.


                           So, this makes us slightly non-competitive in international markets. And of course, we will find

                       ways on how we can maintain pricing and move ahead. But we would need better conditions for

                             uninterrupted growth and stronger growth in international market. Every time a crisis ends,

                                 there's something huge comes up globally at this point of time over the last few years.


Jasdeep Walia:           Got it. Just surprising to know that raw material prices for a labware manufacturer in U.S. will

                         be lower than you in dollar terms. I would presume both of you would buy it from the same

                             source, right? So, RM price in dollar terms should be the same for both of you.


Aryan Sehgal:           Most of the raw material prices are impacted from vendors across the Middle East and Asia.

                     And a lot of raw material suppliers based in the U.S. supplying to U.S. manufacturers, the price

                          impact hasn't been as strong as what it has been here in towards Asia, towards China, India,

                           manufacturers have been impacted much more severely as compared to the U.S. and Europe.

                         However, inflation is a big problem in the U.S. at this point in time, and we see cost pressures,

                            but that's not raw material linked.


Jasdeep Walia:           Got it. how do you see Chinese competition in your main export market of U.S. and Europe?

                       Has it increased further in the last year or the competitive conditions are more benign going

                           forward versus what you've seen in the past?




                                  Page 9 of 19
[page 11]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026

Aryan Sehgal:           The competition has always been strong. It subdued us slightly with higher tariffs, but I think

                           with the tariffs not remaining in effect completely like the way it was. Chinese competition is

                                 fierce, both in the U.S. as well as Europe as well as other parts of the world, including Asia,

                            Latin America and so on. The Chinese make very high-quality products.


                       They are very, very strong in deliveries in capacity build-ups and scale-ups. They are very, very

                              professional. And they have been in the international markets at least a decade or 1.5 decades

                                 earlier than any other Indian manufacturer. So, they always have that 15-year runway or 15-year

                             lead over any Indian manufacturer brand in our industry, which is laboratory consumables. So,

                            they continue to be an integral part of the industry, and I'm moving forward believe they will

                              be.


Jasdeep Walia:         And are there additional duties on Chinese products in U.S. and Europe or they are the same for

                             India and China?


Aryan Sehgal:                  I think in the U.S., it's very similar now, the duties between Chinese and Indian products. There's

                           a slight difference. But in Europe, we had similar duties, but with the India, EU FTA trade deal,

                                       if it comes into effect, it is not yet into effect, we might have a benefit of about certain percentage

                             points between us and the Chinese.


Jasdeep Walia:           Got it. Sometime back when I asked you the same question, you in the sense, this was 1 or 2

                            years back, you didn't consider Chinese as credible competition in U.S. and Europe because you

                          used to say that U.S. brands, they don't want Chinese sourcing. That doesn't seem to be the case

                             as of now. It seems like China has overcome.


Aryan Sehgal:              India exports approximately INR250 crores to INR275 crores of laboratory consumables into

                             the U.S. between all companies, including Tarsons, just in the lab consumable space. China

                        would export more than INR275 crores a month into the U.S., and that is historically over the

                                   last 20 years. This is not an overnight phenomenon. I think you are confusing the questions what

                        you have asked me.


                      What you asked me was how strong is Chinese in India because of our strong reputation and

                          brand image in India and very, very competitive prices and the import structure into India.

                          Chinese have a very limited and small presence inside the Indian market, but the Chinese are

                             very, very strong globally.


Moderator:              Next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment Management.


Aditya:                         Sir, in one of the replies to the previous participant, you mentioned that the demand conditions

                               in the domestic markets have turned favorable in the last 6, 7 months. So, if you could just

                             elaborate what has happened in the domestic market? Has the competition rationalized or the

                       demand has improved. So, if you could just help us understand what has happened?


Aryan Sehgal:              See, there has been a certain rationalization in competition for sure over the last 2 to 3 years, but

                                that is more on the player in the importer level, right? There was a lot of influx of products from

                                 Page 10 of 19
[page 12]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026

                          Asia and other parts during COVID because of not enough capacities available in India to service

                            customers. So once those capacities came in and the industry normalized, those products are not

                         needed anymore, but there was a large inventory in the system. And that inventory needed time

                           because the market was not big enough.


                           So, it could not be cleared immediately, right? So, what we are seeing is not so much of a

                               rationalization of competition, but more clearing out of inventory, which would not be reordered

                              again. So that is what we are seeing mainly along with more and more investments in the private

                                sector, which is leading to better demand and most of the major companies in India are well

                             positioned to cater to that demand. So, it's not so much as I would not say that there were 10

                         companies before, which were producing lab consumables and today, there are 6 or 7 and 3 have

                            closed down. That has not really happened. But a lot of inventory has cleared up.


Aditya:                    Understood. And now, sir, in a rising raw material scenario, so how are we placed against smaller

                             players and traders who import goods from China and also against MNCs who would also largely

                           import their goods because INR depreciation would be hitting them and logistics costs would

                              also be hitting them. So how are you placed against competition in this scenario?


Aryan Sehgal:               Just  like how you mentioned,  right, the rupee  is depreciating  significantly, and  it has

                               significantly depreciated over the last 6, 7 months. So, it becomes more and more complicated

                         and expensive for companies to import and bring the product into India. The geopolitical

                               situation is causing a lot of problems in the transport routes as well as the freight costs have gone

                        up significantly as well.


                       So that adds to the cost. So, all these things always play favorably to make in India producers,

                            not only Tarsons, but anybody else who produces in India because for us, the only component

                         which is being imported where we are paying the higher price for the rupee depreciation is the

                        raw material. Rest of the other components which are added to the cost are all local.


Aditya:                    Understood. And sir, in this rising raw material price scenario, have we taken any price hikes in

                             the domestic markets to offset this rising cost because we have not increased our prices for quite

                       some time. So, are we looking to increase our prices?


Aryan Sehgal:             So, we are looking to gradually increase pricing because at 60% or 70% raw material price hikes,

                                           it is a large cost increase, and we would not be able to support such a large cost increase by

                           absorbing it. However, we may not be in a position to be able to pass on the entire cost increase

                               to our customers. And some part of that cost might have to be shared in the short term because

                     we don't expect this to be a permanent situation where the prices remain like this over the next

                           couple of months or years. Maybe the prices will not get back to the old levels, but there would

                               definitely be some rationalization.


Aditya:                         Sir, any particular reason you still not increase the price because as you mentioned, some part

                             of the competition is affected and demand is also improving. So, doesn't it make sense for us to

                             increase prices now?


                                 Page 11 of 19
[page 13]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026

Aryan Sehgal:           As I said, we've gradually started increasing prices. And we have to play you know we have to

                         be very, very careful about the price increases because everybody understands that  it is a

                          temporary price increase and not a permanent price increase. So, distributors would also be very

                             uncautious, right, of having large amounts of inventory because if the prices drop the next month,

                            they would have a lot of inventory at higher prices as well. I'm talking about domestic

                                distributors. So, we have gradually started in this fiscal year, which is April. And we are looking

                                 at it from a product-by-product basis and seeing rather than from an entire price list point of

                           view.


Moderator:              Next question is from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from SiMPL.


Nikhil Upadhyay:             I think the facilities are now up and running. My question is now if we go back to our 2 years

                            previous call, our idea was that the demand is there and distributors and launches the product,

                            but we didn't have the capacity to even provide for validation and all. So, when today, we are

                             close to commissioning the capacity on the marketing side, what are we doing?


                     And what efforts are we putting in order to faster like utilization of those capacities? If you can

                                 just share some ideas and my second question is before the tariff we had put in a lot of people to

                           develop the market in U.S. and the tariff hit and probably some of the efforts got delayed. But

                               in the meantime, in last 1.5 years, how is new markets we have been able to open up? And how

                        do you see the opportunities beyond U.S. for us?


Aryan Sehgal:             So, regarding our marketing initiatives, I think we have teams in place for both the domestic as

                            well as international marketing. And we follow our procedure of being able to get our products

                             validated from key customers internationally as well as in India and we produce various kinds

                             of marketing material and undertake various kinds of marketing initiatives and road shows

                            domestically as well as exhibitions internationally. And that's how we promote and push and

                            bring our products, especially our new products to key users all over the world. And that's how

                     we look at it. And could you just repeat your second question?


Nikhil Upadhyay:          So, on markets beyond U.S. because of tariffs, I think some of our plants, and as you mentioned,

                         even today, U.S., we are not as competitive. But market beyond U.S., what are we doing? And

                     how do you see opportunities playing out there?


Aryan Sehgal:             So, our focus has always been the U.S. and Europe, and we look at growing our presence in

                             these countries while we are looking to strengthen ourselves in Asia and Latin America. So, I

                             think we will look at good growth coming in from Asia as well as Latin America over the next

                        2 to 3 years. But a significant portion of our business will still keep coming from the U.S. and

                           Europe.


Nikhil Upadhyay:         Okay. And one question, continuing with Aditya's question on pricing. My question is more on

                           supply that in this period of last  March to April and May, when we are talking to other

                           companies, many companies have talked about that price has increased, but supply was a

                             challenge, which becomes a bigger problem for smaller players. Is a similar situation applicable

                               in your industry? And are you seeing benefits of those coming to you in terms of better order

                                 Page 12 of 19
[page 14]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026

                                  visibility or more like discussions or inquiry pipeline improving? Or is the situation not so bad

                         even for like a smaller supplier?


Aryan Sehgal:        We generally compete against larger players than us very few companies we compete with,

                         which are smaller than us. The supply is an issue. And the problem is not only the price increase

                            but the availability. And we just have to have higher levels of inventory, stock up more and

                             strengthen our supply chain systems to be able to navigate through this crisis. But raw material

                                availability is a reality at this point of time, raw material supply issues, and it's throughout the

                              industry.


Nikhil Upadhyay:         But during the similar period in COVID, we got a significant benefit in terms of higher growth.

                      Would you say such a scenario can play out for us in today's market?


Aryan Sehgal:                   It cannot play out because COVID, the problem was in COVID, the customers' demand had

                        gone significantly higher than normal, which is not the case today, right? The demand levels are

                           good, but they are not significantly higher or unprecedentedly high, right? So, we cannot expect

                           a situation like COVID today.


Nikhil Upadhyay:         But supply is constrained.


Aryan Sehgal:            Supply is constrained, but demand is not like the way it was in COVID. There is no comparison

                         between COVID demand and today's demand. COVID facilities, how much we produce was not

                          enough.


Nikhil Upadhyay:         Okay. And last question. You mentioned now capex is largely out of window, like it would be

                       more maintenance, INR20 crores, INR30 crores. Would you say over next 2 years, a larger part

                             of the free cash generation would be to deleverage? And what's your idea over next 2, 3 years?

                      What is the kind of debt we want to keep on our book?


Aryan Sehgal:              See, we would definitely it would be to deleverage, reduce the debt on our books and I would

                               ideally in a situation -- in an ideal situation, not want debt to increase more than 2x our EBITDA.

                     And unless we if some significant opportunity comes up and if the markets are favorable, we

                          might look to raise money if the debt is still significantly high in our books. But at this point in

                              time, the focus over the next 2 to 3 years is to significantly ramp up our capacity, grow our scale

                         and be able to earn larger cash profits to be able to deleverage, as you said.


Moderator:              Next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments.


Madhur Rathi:               Sir, you mentioned that the export business is affected due to gross margins. But sir, if I consider

                           our business, it's 70% gross margin business. So why would a few percentage here and there

                           because of the raw material volatility affect our exports because for us, it would -- the quantum

                             of revenue would matter much more than getting the pricing right. So, I'm not able to clearly

                           understand this thought process.




                                 Page 13 of 19
[page 15]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026




Aryan Sehgal:            Okay. See, the thing is, at the end of the day, we have to have certain rationality when it comes

                               to pricing to be able to maintain certain cost structures when we are moving forward because if

                     we are not being able to price our products correctly and the business significantly scales up, it's

                           very difficult for us to reprice moving forward, especially in international markets where

                           customers are aware that the currency depreciates as well, right?


                       The rupee depreciates against the dollar. So most of the times, we have pressures from our buyers

                               in the U.S. because they are well aware of where the currency has depreciated over the last 10

                             or 15 years, the Indian currency, but not having complete information and understanding about

                             the inflationary pressures in India and what sort of price increments or cost increments the

                       company faces year-over-year, which is not similar to a standard scenario in the U.S. or in

                           Europe. So, while a 60%, 70% increase in material margin might just affect our gross margin by

                         from 70%, it might take it to 58% or 57% and might look healthy, it may not be sustainable in

                             the long term.


Madhur Rathi:             Right. Now sir, if I look at all the capex has been done. So, going forward, how should I look at

                           our growth from the domestic market as well as from the export ODM market? So how has been

                             the new customer addition strategy for our export business? As well as in domestic market, how

                                       if you could help us understand how has been new product launches?


                     And how do we see the capacity ramp up? You mentioned that from FY'28, cell culture will

                         improve materially. But if I were to consider in terms of numbers, how should I look at these

                      maybe over the next 1 or 2 years?


Aryan Sehgal:              Right. So, what we expect is we expect good growth from the domestic market, strong stable

                         growth from the domestic market over the next 2 to 3 years, primarily because of our position

                         and our base in the domestic market. We already have a very strong base. And so we should

                         have good stable growth moving forward. And internationally, I think the growth numbers could

                         be much higher, significantly higher than domestic the growth percentages because although the

                           base is lower than international domestic market, but still, I think the quantum of opportunity is

                      much higher internationally.


                     And so we could  -- depending on geopolitical situations, economic  tariff situations and

                            everything being in order being in place, the speed at which we could convert contracts, the

                         growth may not be very homogeneous over the next 3, 4 years, but there could be some strong

                            years of growth when we win contracts and win ODM businesses.


Madhur Rathi:            So, nothing material as of now that we have since commissioning these new facilities?


Aryan Sehgal:            No. So, it's an ongoing process. We don't announce any material contract wins or any material

               ODM thing. We don't disclose such things, but it's an ongoing process with and without these

                                    facilities, our marketing process to be able to add new customers and have new demand

                            generation all across the globe.

                                 Page 14 of 19
[page 16]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026

Moderator:              Next question is from the line of Rushil from PINC Wealth.


Rushil:                         Sir, my question is that in this quarter, we have been seeing that purchase of stock in trade has

                         been increased from INR11 crores to around INR14 crores. So is it like this was one of the

                            reasons also impacting our gross margin and we had some capacity constraints. So that is why

                     we have to outsource it?


Santosh Agarwal:         These are the traded goods you are talking about. So traded goods are something which we are

                            not manufacturing.


Rushil:                    Yes, I got it. So that is why we had increased it because we had some capacity constraint, that is

                     why we have to trade the goods or like it is a normal part of our business?


Santosh Agarwal:          See, it's a normal part of business, but I don't see that INR14 crores has been increased in the

                             traded goods because total purchase for the year is about to be INR15 crores to INR20 crores. It

                           cannot be INR14 crores increase. I think INR1.4 million is there, and you have made it INR14

                               crores.


Rushil:                  Okay. Sorry. And the second question is, since I've been saying that if we see our inventory from

                                   last 1 to 2 years and in line with our revenue. So just wanted to understand that it was something

                                like that the raw material prices were increasing and we were not able to pass on the price and

                        somewhere we had to take out the inventory written down also.


Santosh Agarwal:      We are not writing off any kind of inventory. We do the provisioning on the basis of aging, but

                                    all the inventory are good inventory. If I would have to raw material inventory has been

                              increased. And the reason was very clear. We already explained that because of supply chain

                              disruption all over the globe, we have to keep more raw material because supply is an issue and

                             the longterm prices also keep on increasing. But if you see the finished good, finished goods has

                         been from INR40 crores to INR30 crores.


Rushil:                  Okay. Sir, the last question is that since we have been seeing that there is a supply chain

                              constraint and the player like Tarson who is big enough and there are smaller players in the

                            market. So do we see that because of our capability and the size we have that we will be able to

                           procure the raw materials at a competitive rate and can have a good opportunity to gain the

                          market share as the small players won't be able to get the raw material due to supply disruption

                         and the requirement of working capital for them.


Aryan Sehgal:            No, I think raw material rates are very crude linked rates, and these are fixed spot rates. So, if

                             the kind of the amount of volume what we do in our business, we are considered for the raw

                             material supplier very, very small players. So, we are not in industrial plastics where we have a

                            turnover of INR5,000, INR6,000 crores, INR7,000 crores and a gross margin of 30%, where

                              there is 70% raw material consumption, we are buying thousands of crores of raw material and

                                that also 1 or 2 grades.




                                 Page 15 of 19
[page 17]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026

                           Here, we are buying 20, 30, 40  different grades across  different polypropylene, HDP,

                            polycarbonate, polystyrene and we have a purchase of about INR70 crores, INR80 crores worth

                             of raw material, which for the raw materials and spread across different vendors in the Middle

                            East and Europe. So, for any particular raw material supplier supplying to Tarsons worth INR6

                               crores, INR7 crores or INR8 crores of raw material a year is nothing significant or nothing

                               material. As a company to investors into the market, we may look like a sizable company. But

                               in the raw material world, we are just one of the small players.


Moderator:                We'll move to the next question from the line of Vibhor Talreja from Nest Amplifier.


Vibhor Talreja:            This is a follow-up to the earlier question with respect to depreciation, where you said that FY'24

                             depreciation is expected to be INR105 crores to INR110 crores. The question is that on a

                            standalone level or it's the consolidated depreciation that you are mentioning at INR105 crores

                               to INR110 crores?


Santosh Agarwal:               It's on a standalone level at a consol level, only Nerbe got included and Nerbe has no major

                              depreciation, except some intangibles are there.


Vibhor Talreja:           Okay. So, when I do the math, I was coming to a much higher number because your Q4

                             depreciation itself is INR29 crores -- and you have capitalized some of the assets on March 31,

                                    I assume. And we have another INR150 crores of CWIP there, which you said you will capitalize

                           over the next 3 to 9 months. And you mentioned the rates. So, when I do the math, the

                             depreciation comes out to be more like INR130 crores to INR140 crores. Am I really missing

                          something?


Santosh Agarwal:          So, if you are calculating on a consol level, then it includes the this year depreciation is about to

                         be INR85 crores to INR89 crores and another INR25 crores, INR30 crores depreciation will also

                      come in the next year. So, it will come to about INR110 crores, right. Plus, some intangible

                             depreciation and amortization will also happen at a consol level.


Vibhor Talreja:           Okay. So can you please once again answer what is your expected consolidated depreciation for

                          FY'27.


Santosh Agarwal:         At this moment, I can only give the stand-alone depreciation only because consol depreciation

                          depends on what kind of amortization will happen at a consol level. But at a stand-alone level, I

                          can give you a forecasted depreciation of about INR110 crores.


Vibhor Talreja:           Okay. Fair enough. My last question. The reason I was asking was because when I do the math

                         and the business rightly should be valued on cash PAT and EBITDA, but it looks like on an

                           accounting basis, we are going to have losses because the depreciation increase is here for real

                         and the sales increase beyond the normal is some time away. Is it fair to assume that there is

                           accounting losses expected in the expected quarters?





                                 Page 16 of 19
[page 18]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026

Santosh Agarwal:         No, Sir, we don't expect accounting losses will be there. Of course, we expect PAT to be in the

                           range of single-digit number, but it will not be losses so far, the way things are going on because

                     we are making EBITDA of about to be 33%, 34% and then PBT is also 9% to 10% PBT is there

                         and then 4% to 5% of PAT is also there. And we are following written down value method. So,

                             the depreciation will not repeat at a standalone level more than INR110 crores.


Vibhor Talreja:           Okay. Last question on the margins. Given the softness of the margins because of raw material

                              price increase in Q4, would it be fair to assume that at the very least that would continue in Q1

                           given raw material prices have actually shot up even further from March levels. And like you

                                 earlier said that there will be some sharing of costs with the customer and some hit company

                               will have to take.


Aryan Sehgal:            Almost towards 65% or 70% of Q1 is over, right, today as we speak. So, unless something

                               significantly changes tomorrow morning, I see full of Q1 to be affected.


Vibhor Talreja:           Okay. No, the question was, our Q1 margins going to be worse than Q4 given the raw material

                              prices have increased?


Aryan Sehgal:                   It shouldn't be worse, but should be in similar regions.


Santosh Agarwal:              It is difficult to give you the exact guidance, but we believe that the margin should not go below

                       65%. Currently, in Q4, we have shown 68% kind of gross margin, but we are gradually

                             increasing the prices also. So, it is very tough to say what kind of margin will come, but it should

                            not go below 65%.


Moderator:              Next question is from the line of Raman KV from Sequent Investments.


Raman KV:                   Sir, sorry, I joined the call a little late. I just want to understand that with respect to the recent

                                inflation and the raw material prices, you said you will be taking a price hike in the coming

                               quarter. And at the same time, you will be taking some hit in your books. So, I just want to

                           understand if you are taking 50% hit if you are passing on the 50% increase in raw material

                              prices to the end users and taking some hit, your gross margins will come down in the coming

                               quarters, right?


Aryan Sehgal:              Correct.


Raman KV:                 Correct. So  are you planning some of the factory to improve efficiency so that your gross

                          margins will pick up? Or can we expect going forward, your gross margin levels to be at the

                              current levels?


Aryan Sehgal:              See, the thing is we are still not sure about how long this price increase is going to last because

                             the way we work in India is we work on price lists, which are circulated to distributors and

                              printed and sent to customers all across India. So, this is a situation which we never experienced

                              before. And hence, we cannot keep altering and changing and printing new price books every 2



                                 Page 17 of 19
[page 19]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026

                        months or 3 months because we lose credibility as well as distributors are unable to stock

                                correctly.


                       So hence, we are still in a wait-and-watch mode, and we are increasing as and when all the

                           product lines based on how the raw materials have increased and what we can achieve from the

                            customer. But it's very difficult at this point in time to give a very clear answer because we

                          produce thousands of these price books and supply it all over the country to distributors and

                           customers alike and we can't keep changing that every quarter. It's generally a yearly process.


Raman KV:               Understood, sir. Sir, what is stopping us from taking a 100% price hike? Is it competition?


Aryan Sehgal:            Could you repeat?


Raman KV:               Pass through -- pass on the entire raw material prices to our customers.


Aryan Sehgal:              There's so much of inventory in the system that are import, there are MNCs, which have stocks,

                         which they're importing stocks. Any price increase, which is not standard, which would translate

                               to 30%, 40% price increase price over price gives a very strong opportunity for other players to

                              enter other players to take advantage of it. It's not a kind of industry where we could be able to

                             take a significant price increase.


                         However, if this becomes a permanent phenomenon and is valid to everybody, then over a

                      medium term or short to medium term, we will see gradual changes in everybody's pricing. But

                                       if there is a short-term phenomenon spread over 3 or 4 months, there are enough players in the

                             industry which are willing to absorb the same to be able to gain market share.


Raman KV:              Okay. Sir, my last question is with respect to your bioprocessing containers and cell culture. Has

                             the production of cell culture started? And how is the ramp-up with respect to bioprocess

                             containers going?


Aryan Sehgal:             Yes. The ramp-up is going well for the bioprocess containers, what we are producing the bottles.

                     And in cell culture, there are a few lines in which we've started pilot production and a few lines

                         where we'll be starting pilot production in this quarter. So hopefully, in the next 2 or 3 months,

                     we should have all our lines up and ready and producing and supplying samples.


Raman KV:               So, can we expect both of this to scale well in the second half given that the first half will be for

                          your raw material?


Aryan Sehgal:                  I said earlier, this year, we would be able to try and get into most of the customer accounts and

                         be able to validate our product and become one of their vendors and try to build the repeatability

                         and reliability what they expect from us. And years starting from year 2, I think we would start

                            seeing some improvements and then scale up every year, there would be significant scale up till

                           probably year 4 or 5 where we reach certain amount of stability where there would be stable

                         growth moving forward for these lines.



                                 Page 18 of 19
[page 20]
                                                                           Tarsons Products Limited
                                                                   May 25, 2026




Moderator:              Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we will take this as the last question

                               for the day. I now hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments.


Aryan Sehgal:           Thank you, everybody, for your time on this call. If you have any other questions, please feel

                               free to reach out.


Moderator:              Thank you so much, sir. On behalf of Tarsons Products Limited, that concludes this conference.

                       Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.





                                 Page 19 of 19