===== PAGE 1 =====
       KET/SEC/SE/2026-27/16                                                           July 20, 2026
       BSE Limited                                                 National Stock Exchange India Ltd.
       Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower,                         Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,
       Dalal Street,                                               Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
       Mumbai – 400 001                                            Mumbai-400051
       Scrip Code: 524109                                          Stock Code: KABRAEXTRU

       Sub: Notice of the 43rd Annual General Meeting to be held on August 12, 2026 and Annual
       Report for FY 2025-26.

       Dear Sirs/ Madam,

       With reference to our letter dated July 20, 2026, with respect to Intimation of Annual General
       Meeting, E-voting and Pre-dispatch Notice of AGM. Further, we now enclose herewith Annual
       Report for the Financial Year 2025-26 along with the notice of the 43rd Annual General Meeting
       (AGM) of the Company scheduled on Wednesday, August 12, 2026 at 02:00 p.m. through Video
       Conferencing (VC) / Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM) pursuant to Regulation 30 and 34(1) of
       SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The said documents
       are uploaded on the website of the Company at www.kolsite.com

       The cut-off date has been fixed as Tuesday, August 04, 2026 for determining the eligibility of the
       members to vote by remote e-voting or by e-voting at the AGM.

       Kindly take the above submission on your record.

       Thanking you,

       Yours faithfully,

       For Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
       SHILPA   Digitally signed by
                SHILPA ASHUTOSH
       ASHUTOSH RATHI
                Date: 2026.07.20
       RATHI    18:28:24 +05'30'

       Shilpa Rathi
       Company Secretary
       Encl: As above




www.kolsite.com                                                                            A Kolsite Group Company

Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
Fortune Terraces, B wing, 10th Floor, Link Road, Opp. Citi Mall,

Andheri (West), Mumbai - 400 053. Maharashtra, India.

Phone : +91-022-6735 3333  Email : sales@kolsitegroup.com

CIN - L28900MH1982PLC028535

===== PAGE 2 =====

===== PAGE 3 =====
                                      CORPORATE INFORMATION
CHAIRMAN EMERITUS                              REGISTERED OFFICE
Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra                         1001 Fortune Terraces, B Wing,
(w.e.f 15/09/2025)                             New Link Road, Opp. Citi Mall,
                                               Andheri (West), Mumbai - 400053
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                                               Tel.: +91 22 2673 4822-24
Mr. Shreevallabh G. Kabra                      Fax.: +91 22 2673 5041
Executive Chairman (upto 15/09/2025)           website: www.kolsite.com / www.geon-energy.com
                                               Email: ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com
Mr. Anand S. Kabra                             CIN: L28900MH1982PLC028535
Chairman and Managing Director

Mrs. Ekta A. Kabra                             REGISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER AGENTS
Vice-Chairperson and Managing Director
                                               M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited
Mr. Bajrang Bagra                              (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited)
                                               C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S Marg, Vikhroli West,
Non-Executive Non Independent Director         Mumbai – 400 083, Maharashtra, India
(w.e.f 11/09/2025)                             Tel: +91 22 4918 6270
                                               Fax: +91 22 4918 6060
Mr. Satyanarayan G. Kabra
                                               E-mail : rnt.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
Director (upto 25/07/2025)
                                               Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com
Mr. Munjal Kapadia
Independent Director (w.e.f. 07/08/2025)       PLANT LOCATIONS
Mr. Boman Moradian                             Extrusion Division
Independent Director                           • Kabra Industrial Estate, Kachigam, Daman – 396210
                                               • 259/260/265 (III), Coastal Highway, Dunetha,
Mrs. Chitra Andrade
                                                  Daman – 396210
Independent Director
                                               GEON Division
Mr. Utpal H. Sheth
Independent Director                           • Plot No. C-22/8 MIDC,
                                                 Chakan Industrial Area Phase – 2, Village - Bhamboli,
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER                          Taluka - Khed, Pune – 410501, Maharashtra
Mr. Daulat Jain (upto 27/04/2026)
Mr. Bhavin Sheth (w.e.f 20/06/2026)            43RD ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
                                               [through Video Conference (VC) / Other Audio Visual
COMPANY SECRETARY
                                               Means (OAVM)]
Ms. Shilpa Rathi                               Date: 12th August, 2026
                                               Time: 02:00 p.m.
STATUTORY AUDITORS
M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP
Chartered Accountants, Pune                    CONTENTS                                                       Page No.
                                               Executive Chairman’s Letter..................................... 2 - 3
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS
M/s. Bhandari & Associates                     Notice of AGM........................................................ 4 - 14
Company Secretaries, Mumbai
                                               Director's Report................................................... 15 - 28
COST AUDITORS
M/s. Urvashi Kamal Mehta & Co.                 Management Discussion and Analysis................. 29 - 36
Cost Accountants, Vapi
                                               Corporate Governance Report............................. 37 - 54
BANKERS
State Bank of India                            Auditor’s Report & Standalone
                                               Financial Statements...........................................55 - 111
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd.
HDFC Bank Ltd.                                 Auditor’s Report & Consolidated
HSBC Ltd.                                      Financial Statements........................................ 112 - 167
Federal Bank Limited

===== PAGE 4 =====
Executive Chairman’s Letter
Dear Stakeholders,

It gives me immense pleasure to present Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited’s (KET) 43rd Annual Report for the financial
year 2025-26.

FY26 was a year characterized by heightened global uncertainty. Geopolitical tensions, supply-chain disruptions,
inflationary pressures, and fluctuating commodity prices continued to test businesses worldwide. Despite these
challenges, India once again demonstrated remarkable resilience, maintaining its position as one of the fastest-
growing major economies. The country's growth continues to be underpinned by strong domestic demand, sustained
public investment, policy continuity, and a vibrant entrepreneurial ecosystem. India’s economic strength provides a
robust platform for long-term industrial expansion and manufacturing-led growth.

The Government of India remains firmly focused on infrastructure creation, manufacturing competitiveness, and
self-reliance. The Union Budget 2026-27 further reinforced this commitment through increased capital expenditure,
support for MSMEs, industrial cluster modernization, expansion of water infrastructure initiatives, and continued
encouragement for domestic manufacturing. Programmes such as Jal Jeevan Mission 2.0, Smart Cities initiatives,
and infrastructure investments continue to create meaningful opportunities for industries that form the backbone of
India's development journey.

FY26 was a transitional year for KET. The Company’s revenues stood at ₹ 451 crores in FY26. The revenue mix
between the Extrusion Business and Battery Division was 70:30 in FY26 vis-à-vis 74:26 in FY25. EBITDA stood at
₹ 10 crores.

Going ahead, KET continues to leverage its dual-engine growth strategy through its established plastic extrusion
machinery business and the rapidly growing manufacturing of lithium-ion battery packs under Geon. This balanced
business model enables us to participate in attractive long-term opportunities across both infrastructure-led industrial
growth and India's energy transition.

The global plastic extrusion machinery industry continues to offer compelling opportunities. The market expanded
from USD 7.74 billion in 2025 to USD 8.24 billion in 2026 and is projected to reach USD 12.22 billion by 2032
registering a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 6.7% during the period 2026-32. Demand continues to be
driven by modernization of manufacturing facilities, increasing automation, higher efficiency requirements, sustainable
materials processing, and growing adoption of advanced extrusion technologies.

Within India, the long-term outlook for polymer pipes remains highly encouraging. Government initiatives to expand
drinking water access, improved irrigation infrastructure, rapid urbanization, and growing construction activity
continue to support strong demand fundamentals. The Indian plastic pipes market is expected to grow significantly
over the coming decade as PVC, CPVC, and HDPE products increasingly replace conventional materials due to their
durability, cost-effectiveness, and sustainability benefits.

As a market leader in extrusion machinery with over four decades of engineering excellence, KET is well-positioned
to capitalize on these opportunities. We continue to invest in product innovation, energy-efficient solutions, advanced
multilayer technologies, and equipment compatible with recyclable and sustainable materials. Our focus remains on
delivering superior productivity and long-term value to customers while maintaining our leadership position in the
industry.

Equally significant is the progress being made by Geon, our energy division. India's electric mobility ecosystem
has crossed an important milestone, with EV retail sales reaching approximately 2.45 million units during FY26,
representing strong year-on-year growth across all major vehicle categories. Government support, expanding charging
infrastructure, localization initiatives, and improving economics of battery technologies continue to accelerate EV
adoption across the country.



2   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 5 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports    |   Financial Statements


Geon has established itself as a credible and capable player in India's lithium-ion battery ecosystem. With an installed
manufacturing capacity of approximately 7 GWh, over 400,000 battery packs deployed in the field, and a robust team
of more than 100 engineers driving innovation, the division continues to strengthen its presence across electric
mobility and energy storage applications. Our technology-agnostic approach, combined with strong engineering
capabilities and backward-integrated system design expertise, positions us favourably in a rapidly evolving market.

Looking ahead, Geon is expanding its footprint beyond conventional mobility applications into Battery Energy Storage
Systems (BESS), telecom energy storage, solar storage solutions, commercial and industrial applications. We view
energy storage as one of the most transformative opportunities of the coming decade and are committed to building
a scalable, future-ready platform that supports India's clean energy ambitions.

Additionally, Geon’s entry into the lithium-ion inverter battery segment in FY26 marks a significant milestone,
extending our innovation-led energy solutions into the rapidly growing residential power backup market. This launch
also signifies KET’s first direct-to-consumer (D2C) venture in its 60-year journey, creating a strong foundation for
accelerated growth and deeper customer engagement.

The Company has built strong foundations for long-term growth. Our established extrusion business continues to
generate stability and market leadership, while Geon provides exposure to fast-growing opportunities in electric
mobility and energy storage. Supported by a strong balance sheet, advanced manufacturing infrastructure, robust
R&D capabilities, and a customer-centric approach, we remain confident of creating long term sustainable value for
all stakeholders.

I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers, business partners, bankers, shareholders, and all
stakeholders for their continued trust and support. I extend my deepest appreciation to our employees, whose
dedication, passion, and unwavering commitment continue to power our progress. I also thank the Board of Directors
for their invaluable guidance and strategic thought leadership as we navigate an evolving business landscape.

With a strong legacy, a clear strategic direction, and participation in two powerful long-term growth sectors, KET is
well-positioned to achieve sustainable growth and create enduring value for all our stakeholders.

                                                                                                       Yours Sincerely,


                                                                                     For Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
                                                                                            Anand Shreevallabh Kabra
                                                                                      Chairman and Managing Director




                                                                                       43rd Annual Report 2025-26   | 3

===== PAGE 6 =====
NOTICE
NOTICE is hereby given that the FORTY THIRD (43rd) ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of the Members of KABRA
EXTRUSIONTECHNIK LIMITED will be held on Wednesday, August 12, 2026 at 2:00 p.m. Indian Standard Time (‘IST”) through
Video Conference (VC) / Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM) facility to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1.    To receive, consider and adopt:
      a)   the Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026, together
           with the Reports of the Board of Directors and the Auditors thereon; and
      b)   the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026, together
           with the Report of the Auditors thereon.
2.    To appoint a director in place of Mr. Anand Kabra (DIN : 00016010), who retires by rotation in terms of Section 152(6) of the
      Companies Act, 2013 and being eligible offers himself for re-appointment.
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
3.    To re-appoint Mr. Utpal Sheth (DIN: 00081012) as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company for second term
      of five consecutive years with effect from August 20, 2026.
      To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
      “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provision of Section 149, 152, schedule IV and other applicable provisions of the
      Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with the Rules framed thereunder and applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations
      and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015, (“the Listing Regulations”) (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
      enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), the Article of Association of the Company, and based on the recommendation
      of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, and approval of the Board of Directors, Mr. Utpal Sheth (DIN : 00081012),
      who holds office as an Independent Director upto August 19, 2026, and who has consented to act as such and has submitted
      a declaration that he meets the criteria of independence as prescribed under the Act and Listing Regulations, be and is
      hereby reappointed as an Independent Director, not liable to retire by rotation, for a second term of 5 (five) years with effect
      from August 20, 2026 to August 19, 2031.
      RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (including any committee thereof) and/or Company Secretary be and
      is hereby severally authorized to do all acts, deeds, and things and take all such steps as may be considered necessary,
      proper and expedient to give effect to this Resolution.”
4.    To ratify the remuneration of Cost Auditors for the financial year ending March 31, 2027
      To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
      "RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 and any other applicable provisions of the Companies Act,
      2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment
      thereof, for the time being in force), the members of the Company do hereby ratify the remuneration of Rs. 1,32,000/-
      (Rupees One Lakh thirty two thousand Only) plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of related business expenses at
      actuals to M/s. Urvashi Kamal Mehta & Co., Cost Accountants, Firm Registration No.: 001817, appointed by the Board of
      Directors of the Company, as Cost Auditors, to conduct the audit of the Cost Records of the Company for the Financial Year
      ending March 31, 2027.”

                                                                                                             By order of the Board
Place : Mumbai                                                                                For Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
Date: May 28, 2026
                                                                                                                      Shilpa Rathi
                                                                                                                 Company Secretary
                                                                                                                     (M.N. A27457)
Registered Office:
1001, Fortune Terraces, ‘B’ Wing, 10th Floor, New Link Road, Opp. Citi Mall, Andheri (West), Mumbai - 400053.
Tel.: 022-26734822-24 • Fax.: 022-26735041 • Website: www.kolsite.com • Email: ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com
CIN: L28900MH1982PLC028535

NOTES:
1.    Pursuant to the General Circular dated September 22, 2025 read together with circular dated April 08, 2020, April 13, 2020,
      May 05, 2020, January 31, 2021, December 08, 2021, December 14, 2021, May 05, 2022, December 28, 2022, September
      25, 2023 and September 19, 2024 (collectively referred to as MCA Circular) and circular issued by SEBI vide circular no.
      SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ CFDPoD-2/ P/ CIR/ 2024/ 133 dated October 3, 2024 (“SEBI Circular”) and other applicable circulars
      and notifications issued (including any statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force and as

4    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 7 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


      amended from time to time, Companies are allowed to hold AGM through Video Conferencing (VC) or other audio visual
      means (OAVM), without the physical presence of members at a common venue.
      In compliance with applicable provisions of the Act read with MCA circulars and SEBI Circular, the 43rd AGM of the Company
      is being conducted through VC/OAVM, without the physical presence of the Members at a common venue. The deemed
      venue for the AGM shall be the Registered Office of the Company. Since the AGM will be held through VC/ OAVM facility,
      the Route Map is not annexed in this Report.
2.    The Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (‘Act’), setting out the material facts
      concerning the business with respect to Item No(s). 3 to 4 forms part of this Notice. Further, relevant information pursuant
      to Regulation(s) 36 and other relevant provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
      Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) and disclosure requirements in terms of Secretarial
      Standard on General Meetings (‘SS-2’) issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India, in respect of Director
      retiring by rotation and seeking re-appointment at this Annual General Meeting (‘Meeting’ or ‘AGM’) is furnished as Annexure
      to this Notice.
3.    Since this AGM is being held through VC/OAVM, the facility to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not
      available for this AGM and hence Attendance Slip and Proxy Form are not annexed to this Notice.
4.    Institutional/corporate shareholders (i.e., other than individuals, HUF, NRIs, etc.), are required to send a scanned copy (PDF/
      JPG Format) of their respective Board or Governing Body Resolution/Authorisation etc., authorising their representative to
      attend the AGM through VC/OAVM on their behalf and to vote through remote e-Voting. The said Resolution/Authorisation
      shall be sent by e-mail on Scrutiniser’s e-mail address at bhandariandassociates@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@
      nsdl.com. Alternatively, the Corporate Members/Institutional shareholders (i.e., other than individuals, HUFs, NRIs, etc.) can
      also upload their Board Resolution/Power of Attorney/Authority Letter, etc., by clicking on the “Upload Board Resolution/
      Authority Letter” displayed under the “e-Voting” tab in their login.
5.    The Members can join the AGM in the VC / OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the commencement
      of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at the AGM through VC/
      OAVM will be made available for 1000 members on ﬁrst come ﬁrst served basis. This will not include large Shareholders
      (Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel,
      the Chairperson of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship
      Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on account of ﬁrst come ﬁrst served basis.
6.    The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the
      quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.
7.    The Members will be allowed to express views / pose questions during the course of the Meeting upon pre-registration as
      speakers, as detailed under 'Instructions for Members for attending the AGM through VC / OAVM'. Members desirous of
      obtaining any information with regard to accounts / other queries are requested to write to the Company Secretary at the
      Registered Office of the Company or email at ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com, at least 7 days in advance, the Company reserves
      the right to restrict the number of questions and number of speakers, depending upon availability of time as appropriate for
      smooth conduct of the AGM.
8.    In case of Joint Holders attending the meeting, only such joint holder who is higher in the order of names will be entitled to
      vote.
9.    Register of Members and the Share Transfer Books of the Company will remain closed from Thursday, August 6, 2026 to
      Wednesday, August 12, 2026 (both days inclusive).
10.   In accordance with Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended, any fresh transfer requests for securities
      shall be processed in demat/electronic form only. Members holding shares of the Company in physical form are requested
      to kindly get their shares converted into demat/electronic form to get inherent benefits of dematerialization.
11.   In compliance with MCA Circular and Regulation 36(1) of Listing Regulation, the Company would send the Annual Report
      for FY 2025-26, Notice of 43rd AGM and e-Voting instructions only in electronic form to the registered email addresses of
      the shareholders. Therefore, those shareholders who have not yet registered their email address are requested to get their
      email addresses registered with their DP or RTA in the following manner:
      •    Shareholders holding shares in physical form can register their e-mail id with the RTA by sending an e-mail to RTA at
           investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com.
      •    Shareholders holding shares in demat mode may update the e-mail address through their respective Depository
           Participant(s).
      A letter containing the weblink, along with the path to access the complete details of the Annual Report, is being sent to
      Members who have not registered their email address with the Company’s RTA or DP
12.   Members may note that this Annual Report will also be available on the Company's website at www.kolsite.com and on the
      website of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and
      www.nseindia.com respectively, and on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com


                                                                                                43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 5

===== PAGE 8 =====
13.    In terms of Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013, the amount of dividend remaining unpaid or unclaimed for a period
       of seven (7) years from the date of transfer to the unpaid dividend account is required to be transferred to the Investor
       Education and Protection Fund (“IEPF”). The due dates for transfer of unclaimed divided and unclaimed shares to IEPF is
       provided in the report of Corporate Governance. Shareholders are requested to ensure that they claim the dividends and
       shares referred above, before they are transferred to the said fund. The Company has uploaded the information in respect
       of the unclaimed dividends on the website of the Company i.e. https://www.kolsite.com/unclaimed-dividends.php.
14.    Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124 of the Act read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority
       (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 ('IEPF Rules') as amended to date, all shares on which dividend has
       not been claimed for seven consecutive years or more shall be transferred to IEPF Authority as notiﬁed by the Ministry of
       Corporate Aﬀairs.
       The Members / Claimants whose shares and/or unclaimed dividend amount have been transferred to IEPF may claim the
       shares or apply for refund by making an application to IEPF Authority in Form IEPF 5 (available on www.iepf.gov.in) along
       with applicable requisite fee. The Member/Claimant can ﬁle only one consolidated claim in a ﬁnancial year as per the IEPF
       Rules. The Company has uploaded the information in respect of the unclaimed dividends on its website at www.kolsite.com.
       It is in Members' interest to claim any un-encashed dividends and for future, opt for Electronic Clearing Service, so that
       dividends paid by the Company are credited to Members' account on time.
15.    Members who hold shares in physical mode in multiple folios in identical names or joint holding in the same order of names
       are requested to send the share certiﬁcates to Registrar & Share Transfer Agent (R & T Agent), for consolidation into a single
       folio.
16.    The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding, maintained under Section 170 of the Act,
       and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the directors are interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Act,
       will be available electronically for inspection by the members during the AGM. All documents referred to in the accompanying
       Notice will also be available for electronic inspection without any fee by the members from the date of circulation of this
       Notice up to the date of AGM. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email to ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com
       mentioning his/her/its folio number/DP ID and Client ID.
17.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated the furnishing of PAN, KYC details and nomination details
       by every participant in the securities market. Members are requested to update the said details against folio/demat account.
18.    Members desirous of updating their bank account details, Power of Attorney, correspondence address, Email Address,
       Contact Numbers, etc. are requested to follow the below procedure:
       For shares held in Dematerialized Form: intimate such changes to their respective Depository Participant (DP). The
       changes intimated to the DP will then be automatically reﬂected in the Company's records, which will help the Company and
       its R & T Agent to provide eﬃcient and better services.
       For shares held in Physical Form: intimate such changes to the Company's R & T Agent.
19.    To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are advised to exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any change
       in address or demise of any member as soon as possible. Members are also advised not to leave their Demat account(s)
       dormant for long. Periodic statement of holdings should be obtained from the concerned Depository Participants and holdings
       should be veriﬁed.
20.    Members desirous of making a nomination in respect of their shareholding in the Company, as provided under Section 72
       of the Companies Act, 2013, are requested to ﬁll up Form SH-13 and If a Member desires to opt-out or cancel the earlier
       nomination and record a fresh nomination, he/she may submit SH-14 and send to the Company's R & T Agent. In respect of
       shares held in dematerialized form, the nomination form may be ﬁled with the respective Depository Participant.
21.    A special window, as per mandate of SEBI, is available till February 4, 2027, to facilitate lodgement of transfer requests
       executed before April 1, 2019 but were either not lodged for transfer or were lodged and subsequently rejected, returned
       or not attended due to deficiency in the documents. Eligible shareholders are requested to submit the requisite documents
       before February 4, 2027 to Company/RTA. Securities transferred through this mechanism shall be credited only in
       dematerialized form and will remain under a one year lock-in, during which they cannot be transferred, lien-marked, or
       pledged. [SEBI Master Circular No. HO/38/13/(4)2026-MIRSD-POD/ I/4298/2026 dated February 6, 2026]. The Company
       has communicated the opening of this special window through newspaper advertisements.
22.    Any person, whose name is recorded in the Register of Members or in the Register of beneficial owners as on the record
       date (cut-off date) i.e. Tuesday, August 4, 2026 shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting. The remote e-voting
       period commences on Sunday, August 9, 2026 at 09.00 a.m. IST and ends on Tuesday, August 11, 2026 at 05.00 p.m. IST.
       The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as
       on the said cut-off date. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the shareholder, the shareholder shall not be allowed to
       change it subsequently.
23.    Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration)
       Rules, 2014 and Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations (as amended) and MCA Circulars, the Company is providing
       facility of remote e-voting to its shareholders in respect of the business to be transacted at the AGM. For this purpose, the

6     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 9 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports      |   Financial Statements


      Company has entered into an agreement with NSDL for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the authorized
      e-voting agency. The facility of casting votes by a shareholder using remote e-voting as well as the e-voting system on the
      date of AGM will be provided by NSDL.
24.   Mr. Saurabh Somani or failing him Mrs. Manisha Maheshwari, Partners of M/s. Bhandari & Associates, Practicing Company
      Secretaries, have been appointed as the Scrutinizer for conducting the e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.
      The Results declared alongwith the Scrutinizer's Report shall be placed on the Company's website: www.kolsite.com and
      on the website of NSDL within 48 hrs. of conclusion of the General Meeting and communicated to BSE and NSE.
      The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” as mentioned below:
      THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING ARE AS UNDER:-
      The remote e-voting period begins on Sunday, August 9, 2026 at 09.00 a.m. IST and ends on Tuesday, August 11,
      2026 at 05.00 p.m. IST. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members,
      whose names appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e.
      Tuesday, August 4, 2026 may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion
      to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, being Tuesday, August 4,
      2026.
      How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
      The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A)    Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode
      In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders
      holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and
      Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in
      order to access e-Voting facility.
      Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
      Type of              Login Method
      shareholders
      Individual           1.   For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/
      Shareholders              evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification
      holding securities        code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click
      in demat mode             on login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein
      with NSDL.                you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL
                                and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote
                                e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
                           2.   Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.
                                com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on
                                the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will
                                prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you
                                will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting”
                                under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or
                                e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for
                                casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the
                                meeting.
                           3.   If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.
                                nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/
                                SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
                           4.   Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://
                                www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page
                                of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
                                Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen
                                digit demat account number held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown
                                on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site
                                wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e.
                                NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the
                                remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.


                                                                                                43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 7

===== PAGE 10 =====
      Type of              Login Method
      shareholders
                           5.   Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning
                                the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.




      Individual           1.   Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing user
      Shareholders              id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further
      holding securities        authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.
      in demat mode             cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then use your existing my
      with CDSL                 easi username & password.
                           2.   After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible
                                companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On
                                clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service
                                provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting &
                                voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all
                                e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website
                                directly.
                           3.   If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website www.
                                cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.
                           4.   Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number
                                and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will
                                authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat
                                Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where
                                the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service
                                Providers.
      Individual           You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository
      Shareholders         Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see
      (holding             e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after
      securities in        successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting
      demat mode)          service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote
      login through        during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
      their depository
      participants
     Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget
     Password option available at abovementioned website.
     Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login
     through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.

       Login type                                 Helpdesk details

       Individual Shareholders holding            Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by
       securities in demat mode with NSDL         sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000

       Individual Shareholders holding            Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by
       securities in demat mode with CDSL         sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free
                                                  no. 1800-21-09911




8   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 11 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports        |   Financial Statements


B)   Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding
     securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1.   Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on
     a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
2.   Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
     Member’ section.
3.   A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the
     screen.
     Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your
     existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can
     proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
4.   Your User ID details are given below :

     Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat            Your User ID is:
     (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
     a)     For Members who hold shares in 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
            demat account with NSDL.       For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your user
                                                    ID is IN300***12******.
     b)     For Members who hold shares in 16 Digit Beneficiary ID
            demat account with CDSL.       For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user ID is
                                                    12**************
     c)     For Members holding shares in EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the company
            Physical Form.                For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is
                                          101456001***

5.   Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:
     a)    If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast your vote.
     b)    If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was
           communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system
           will force you to change your password.
     c)    How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
           (i)    If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is communicated
                  to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the
                  attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL
                  account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file
                  contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.
           (ii)   If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those shareholders
                  whose email ids are not registered.
6.   If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
     a)    Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option
           available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
     b)    Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.
           com.
     c)    If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at evoting@nsdl.com
           mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc.
     d)    Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting system of
           NSDL.
7.   After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
8.   Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
9.   After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.




                                                                                                  43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 9

===== PAGE 12 =====
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
1.   After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares and whose
     voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status.
2.   Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting your vote
     during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join Meeting”.
3.   Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4.   Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which you wish
     to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.
5.   Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.
6.   You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
7.   Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1.   Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format)
     of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies)
     who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to bhandariandassociates@gmail.com with a copy marked
     to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board
     Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed
     under "e-Voting" tab in their login.
2.   It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password
     confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password.
     In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password” or “Physical User Reset Password” option
     available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
3.   In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual
     for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request
     to (Mr. Rahul Rajbhar, NSDL-Manager) at evoting@nsdl.com
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and
password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
1.   In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share
     certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar
     Card) by email to ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com
2.   In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name,
     client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self
     attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities
     in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and
     joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
3.   Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password for e-voting
     by providing above mentioned documents.
4.   In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders
     holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and
     Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat
     account in order to access e-Voting facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:-
1.   The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.
2.   Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote
     on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through
     e-Voting system in the AGM.
3.   Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be eligible to
     vote at the AGM.
4.   The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the day of the
     AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
1.   Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. Members
     may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login, you can

10   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 13 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


     see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under “Join meeting” menu against company name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM
     link placed under Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN
     of Company will be displayed. Please note that the members who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or
     have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in
     the notice to avoid last minute rush.
2.   Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience.
3.   Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the
     meeting.
4.   Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot
     may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable
     Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
5.   Members who wish to express their views or ask questions during the AGM may register themselves as speakers by sending
     their request in advance, at least 3 days prior to the meeting, mentioning their name, DP ID/Client ID/Folio Number, email
     ID, mobile number and queries, to the Company’s email ID at ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com. The Company reserves the right
     to restrict the number of speakers depending on the availability of time for the AGM.
ANNEXURE TO NOTICE:
Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in respect of Item No. 3 to 4 which sets out
all material facts relating to the business mentioned in the accompanying Notice
Item No. 3
Mr. Utpal Sheth (DIN: 00081012), aged 55 years was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company by
the members at the EGM of the Company held on January 21, 2022 for a period of five consecutive years commencing from the
August 20, 2021, pursuant to the provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations. His present term will expire on August 19, 2026.
Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which after considering her performance
evaluation, skills, expertise, experience and qualification recommended his continuation, the Board of Directors at its meeting
held on May 28, 2026, has proposed the re-appointment of Mr. Utpal Sheth for a second term as an Independent Director, not
liable to retire by rotation, commencing from August 20, 2026 to August 19, 2031 (both day inclusive), subject to the approval of
Members by way of Special Resolution.
The Company has received a notice in writing from a member under 160 of the Companies Act, 2013, proposing the candidature
of Mr. Utpal Sheth for re-appointment as an Independent Director of the Company.
Further, the Company has received necessary disclosure, declaration and confirmation from Mr. Utpal Sheth including:
•    Consent to act as Director, as required under Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013
•    Confirmed that he continues to meet the criteria of independence as specified under Section 149(6) of the Act read with the
     applicable rules and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations.
•    Confirmed that there are no circumstances or situations existing or anticipated which could impair his ability to discharge his
     duties as an Independent Director.
•    Confirmed that he is not debarred from holding the office of Director pursuant to any SEBI order or any such authority and
     is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director under Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013.
•    He has complied with the provisions of Rule 6(1) and 6(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors)
     Rules, 2014, with respect to registration with the Independent Director Data Bank maintained by the Indian Institute of
     Corporate Affairs (IICA).
In the opinion of the Board and based on its evaluation, Mr. Utpal Sheth continues to fulfil the criteria for independence, and is not
disqualified from being reappointed under the Act or SEBI Listing Regulations.
The brief profile and other relevant information as required under the listing regulations and SS-2 are provided in additional
information section to this Notice.
The terms and conditions governing the appointment or re-appointment of Independent Directors are available on the website of
the Company.
Accordingly, the Board recommends the resolution set out at Item No. 3 of the Notice for approval of the Members by way of
Special Resolution.
None of the directors, KMP, or their relative except Mr. Utpal Sheth, to whom the resolution relates, are interested or concerned,
financially or otherwise, in passing the proposed resolution. The relatives of the said appointee may be deemed to be interested
in the resolution to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company.
Item No. 4
In terms of the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules made thereunder, the Company is required to
maintain Cost records in respect of its products as prescribed and have the same audited by a Cost Auditor.


                                                                                                43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 11

===== PAGE 14 =====
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 28, 2026, approved
the appointment of M/s. Urvashi Kamal Mehta & Co., Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No.001817), as the Cost Auditors for
conducting the Cost Audit for the ﬁnancial year ending March 31, 2027, on a remuneration of Rs. 1,32,000/- (Rupees One Lakh
Thirty Two Thousand only) plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses at actuals.
Considering the scope of audit, time and resources deployed by the cost auditors, in the opinion of the Directors, the proposed
remuneration payable would be fair and reasonable and do not in any way impair the independence and judgment of the Cost
Auditors.
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148(3) of the Act read with the Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
2014, as amended, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors is required to be ratified by the members of the Company.
Accordingly, consent of the members is sought for passing an Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 4 of the Notice of the 43rd
AGM for ratification of remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors for the financial year ending 31st March 2027.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 4 of the accompanying Notice, for approval of the Members.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives is concerned or interested, ﬁnancially or
otherwise, in the Resolution set out at Item No. 4 of the accompanying Notice.

                                                                                                           By order of the Board
Place : Mumbai                                                                              For Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
Date: May 28, 2026
                                                                                                                   Shilpa Rathi
                                                                                                              Company Secretary




12   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 15 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements


Details of Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment at the 43rd Annual General Meeting pursuant to Regulation
36(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 and the Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India

Name                           Mr. Anand Kabra                                Mr. Utpal Sheth
DIN                            00016010                                       00081012
Age/ DOB                       Age 51 Years                                   Age 55 Years
                               16-09-1974                                     20-06-1971
Date of First Appointment      June 19, 2003                                  August 20, 2021
Position held                  Chairman and Managing Director                 Non-Executive Independent Director
Brief Profile                  Mr. Anand S. Kabra has an experience of Mr. Utpal Sheth is a seasoned finance and
                               25 years in various management positions investment professional with over three
                               in the Kolsite group of companies. He decades of experience in Capital Markets,
                               continues to play an important role in technical investment banking, wealth management and
                               developments, project execution and plant strategic advisory.
                               management, quality systems & standards
                                                                                He is qualified Cost Accountant and Chartered
                               development and exploring new avenues to
                                                                                Analyst.
                               chart a consistent growth every year. With
                               his sound business knowledge and passion
                               for growth, company has seen developments
                               in technology, quality standards and
                               infrastructure. He has also been instrumental
                               in driving strategic partnerships, acquisitions,
                               and setting up manufacturing units at multi
                               locations. His innate entrepreneurial and
                               leadership skills have taken the company to
                               new heights
Educational Qualification      BE. Mechanical From Mumbai University          Commerce Graduate, Cost Accountant and
                                                                              Chartered Financial Analyst
                               MBA from S P Jain’s Institute of Management
                               and Research
                               Owners President Program (OPM) from
                               Harvard Business School
Experience (including          Business Management, Strategic Planning, Investment                research,      Investment
expertise in specific          Operations, Finance and Leadership       Management,             Investment    Banking and
functional area) / Brief                                                Leadership
Resume
Directorships held in other    •    Nil                                       •     Star Health and        Allied   Insurance
listed Companies                                                                    Company Limited
                                                                              •     NCC Limited
                                                                              •     Metro Brands Limited
                                                                              •     Inventurus Knowledge Solutions Limited
Chairmanship / Membership      Chairperson of following Committee in Kabra Chairperson of the following committee in
of Committees                  Extrusiontechnik Limited                    Metro Brands Limited
                               •    Risk Management Committee                 •     Investment Committee
                                    Member of following Committees in Member of the following committee in Metro
                                    Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited      Brands Limited

                               •    Stakeholders Relationship Committee •    Share Allotment and Transfer Committee
                                                                              •     Nomination,   Remuneration           and
                                                                                    Compensation Committee
                                                                              Member of the following committee in NCC
                                                                              Limited
                                                                              •     Performance Review Committee
                                                                              •     Nomination       and       Remuneration
                                                                                    Committee



                                                                                         43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 13

===== PAGE 16 =====
                                                                            Member of the following committee in Star
                                                                            Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited
                                                                            •      Audit Committee
                                                                            •      Investment Committee
                                                                            •      Nomination & Remuneration Committee
                                                                            •      Risk Management Committee
                                                                            Chairperson of the following committee in
                                                                            Inventurus Knowledge Solutions Limited
                                                                            •      Stakeholders Relationship
                                                                            Member of the following committee           in
                                                                            Inventurus Knowledge Solutions Limited
                                                                            •      Risk Management Committee
Shareholdings in the           63,64,055 (i.e. 18.20%) Equity Shares of Rs. Nil
Company including              5/- each
shareholding as a beneficial
owner*
Terms and Conditions of re-    Re-appointment upon retirement by rotation   Re-appointment for second term of 5 years
appointment
Relationship between           Related to :                                 None
Directors inter-se             Mrs. Ekta Kabra (Spouse)
Name of listed entities        Nil                                          •      Aptech Limited
from which the person has                                                   •      Concord Biotech Limited
resigned in the past three
years
Remuneration last drawn for    Details are disclosed in the Corporate Disclosed in Corporate Governance Report
Financial year 2025-26 and     Governance section of the Annual Report forming part of Annual Report
sought to be paid
Number of Board Meeting        Mr. Anand Kabra attended 6 out of 6 Board Mr. Utpal Sheth attended 4 out of 6 Board
attended during the year       Meetings.                                 Meetings
Skills and capabilities        NA                                           Finance & Capital Markets, Strategy, Risk
required for the role                                                       Management,     Corporate      Governance,
                                                                            Leadership & Board Experience.
as an Independent
                                                                            Mr. Utpal Sheth has extensive experience
Director and
                                                                            in capital markets, investments, corporate
manner of meeting                                                           finance, strategic management, risk oversight,
requirement                                                                 and corporate governance through his
                                                                            leadership roles in financial institutions and
                                                                            board positions in various companies.
*as on date of this report




14   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 17 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports         |   Financial Statements



DIRECTORS REPORT
To,
The Members of
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited,
Mumbai
Your Directors are pleased to present the Forty Third Annual Report together with the Audited Financial Statements for the
ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 2026.
1.   Financial / Operational Performance:
     Key highlights of the financial results of the Company prepared as per the Indian Accounting Standards (‘Ind AS’) for the FY
     ended March 31, 2026 along with corresponding numbers of March 31, 2025 are as under:
                                                                                                                            (₹ in Lakhs)

                                                                                Standalone                       Consolidated
      Particulars
                                                                         FY 2025-26       FY 2024-25       FY 2025-26       FY 2024-25
      Revenue from operations                                               45,099.83        47,684.69        45,105.11        47,684.75
      Other Income                                                           2,367.55         1,298.45         2,367.18         1,298.45
      Total income (A)                                                      47,467.38        48,983.14        47,472.29        48,983.20
      Expenses:
      Cost of material consumed                                             28,966.45        32,048.60        28,995.37        32,051.74
      Changes in inventories of ﬁnished goods, stock-in- trade & work-
                                                                             (958.19)        (2,934.52)        (958.19)       (2,934.52)
      in-progress
      Employee beneﬁts expense                                               7,617.46         6,328.67         7,864.89         6,481.57
      Finance Cost                                                           1,139.25         1,117.31         1,139.25         1,117.31
      Depreciation and amortisation expense                                  2,956.87         2,027.04         3,025.22         2,069.59
      Other Expenses                                                         8,114.64         7,052.77         8,159.04         7,119.73
      Total expenses (B)                                                    47,866.47        45,639.87        48,225.59        45,905.42
      Proﬁt / (Loss) before share in Proﬁt (Loss) of Joint Ventures /
                                                                             (399.09)         3,343.29         (753.30)         3,077.78
      subsidiaries, exceptional items & tax (A - B)
      Share of net proﬁt / (loss) of Associates and Joint Ventures
                                                                                      -                -         (0.62)           54.46
      accounted for using the equity method
      Exceptional items                                                       (24.12)           848.98          (24.12)          848.98
      Profit / (Loss) before including exceptional item                      (423.21)         4,192.27         (778.04)         3,981.22
      Current Tax / Income Tax on Earlier Year                                        -       1,075.00                  -       1,075.00
      Deferred Tax                                                           (178.93)         (269.94)         (241.45)         (313.99)
      Proﬁt/(Loss) for the period                                            (244.28)         3,387.21         (536.59)         3,220.20

     Note : The above figures are extracted from the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company
     prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”).
2.   Company’s performance and state of affairs
     Standalone: During the year under review, the Total Revenue of your Company was Rs. 47,467.38 Lakhs as compared
     to Rs. 48,983.14 Lakhs in the previous year. The net loss for the year stood at Rs. (244.28) Lakhs against net profit of
     Rs. 3,387.21 Lakhs in the previous year.
     Consolidated: During the year under review, the Total Revenue of your Company was Rs. 47,472.29 Lakhs as compared
     to Rs. 48,983.20 Lakhs in the previous year. The net loss for the year stood at Rs. (536.59) Lakhs against net profit of
     Rs. 3,220.20 Lakhs in the previous year.
     Your Company’s performance has been discussed in detail in the ‘Management Discussion and Analysis Report’.
3.   Dividend and Transfer to Reserves:
     The Board of Directors has not recommended any dividend for the financial year ended March 31, 2026.
     In view of the loss incurred during the financial year under review, no amount has been transferred to any reserve.




                                                                                                 43rd Annual Report 2025-26        | 15

===== PAGE 18 =====
4.   Dividend Distribution Policy
     In terms of Regulation 43A of the Listing Regulations, the Board of Directors of the Company has formulated and adopted
     the Dividend Distribution Policy.
     The Policy is available on the website of the Company at https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/Dividend%20
     Distribution%20Policy.pdf
5.   Change in Share Capital
     During the year under review, the Company has not issued any equity shares. As on March 31, 2026, the Authorized Share
     Capital of the Company was Rs.20,00,00,000 divided into 4,00,00,000 equity shares of Rs.5/- each.
     The Issued, subscribed and paid up share capital of the Company as on March 31, 2026 was Rs.17,48,64,180 divided into
     3,49,72,836 equity shares of Rs.5/- each
6.   Utilization of funds raised through issue of convertible warrants on preferential base :
     The shareholders of the Company approved the issuance of 30,70,516 convertible warrants on a preferential basis to the
     Promoter Group and Investors at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on January 21, 2022. The Company had raised
     total funds of ₹101.02 crore approx. on allotment of equity shares (upon conversion of 30,70,516 warrants into equity at a
     price of ₹329/- each including premium of ₹324/-) per warrant through preferential issue to promoter group and Investors.
     As on March 31, 2026, the entire proceeds raised through the preferential issue have been fully utilized i.e. Rs. 101.02
     crores approx and there was no deviation or variation in utilization of funds pursuant to Regulation 32 of the SEBI (LODR)
     Regulations, 2015.
7.   Directors and Key Managerial Personnel:
     Completion of Tenure of Independent Director
     During the year, Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra (DIN: 00090596) completed his second consecutive term of five years as an
     Independent Director of the Company on August 26, 2025, in accordance with the provisions of Section 149(11) of the
     Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. Consequently,
     he ceased to be an Independent Director of the Company with effect from the close of business hours on August 26, 2025.
     Appointment of Directors
     1.   Pursuant to the approval of the members through postal ballot, Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra (DIN: 00090596) was appointed
          as Non - Executive Non Independent Director with effect from September 11, 2025.
     2.   Mr. Munjal Nikunj Kapadia (DIN: 00876921) was appointed as an Additional Director (in the category of Independent
          Director) of the Company by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on August 7, 2025. Subsequently, pursuant to
          the approval of the Members through Postal Ballot, he was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, not
          liable to retire by rotation, for a first term of five (5) consecutive years commencing from August 7, 2025 and ending on
          August 6, 2030 (both days inclusive).
     Re-Designation of Directors/Change in Designation
     During the year, Mr. Anand Kabra (DIN: 00016010) designation was changed from Vice-Chairman and Managing Director
     to Chairman and Managing Director from August 01, 2025 till the completion of the remaining period of his present term of
     appointment and Mrs. Ekta Kabra (DIN: 07088898) designation was changed from Managing Director to Vice-Chairperson
     and Managing Director from August 01, 2025 till the completion of the remaining period of her present term of appointment.
     During the year, Mr. Shreevallabh Karba (DIN: 00015415) ceased to hold the position of Executive Chairman with effect
     from August 1, 2025. He also resigned as a Director of the Board with effect from September 15, 2025.Mr. Satyanarayan G.
     Kabra, Non-Executive Director resigned with effect from July 25, 2025
     Re-appointment
     Mr. Utpal Sheth (DIN:00081012) will complete his first term of five (5) consecutive years as Independent Director of the
     Company on August 19, 2026, in accordance with the provisions of Section 149(10) of the Companies Act, 2013. On the
     recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of the Board of Directors, the proposal for
     re-appointment of Mr. Utpal Sheth as Independent Director of the Company for a second term of five (5) consecutive years
     commencing from August 20, 2026 to August 19, 2031, as an Independent Director, not liable to retire by rotation forms part
     of the Notice of ensuing 43rd Annual General Meeting for approval of the shareholders.
     Mr. Utpal Sheth has submitted a declaration confirming that he meets the criteria of independence as prescribed under
     Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. In the opinion
     of the Board, he possesses appropriate skills, qualifications, integrity, and experience and fulfills the conditions for his
     continued appointment as an Independent Director.
     Retirement by Rotation
     In accordance with the provision of Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act") read with rules made thereunder
     and the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Anand Kabra (DIN: 00016010) Chairman and Managing Director of the
     company retires by the rotation and being eligible offers himself for re-appointment at the ensuing Annual General Meeting
     (‘AGM”).

16   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 19 =====
Notice       | Statutory Reports     |   Financial Statements


      Details of the Directors proposed to be re-appointed at the ensuing Annual General Meeting, as required by Regulation
      36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and SS-2 (Secretarial Standard on General Meetings) are provided at the end of notice
      convening the 43rd Annual General Meeting.
      Declaration from Independent Director
      All Independent Directors have furnished declaration confirming that they meet the criteria of Independence as prescribed
      under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and have complied with the Company’s
      Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
      The Board is of the opinion that the Independent Directors of the Company possess requisite skills, qualiﬁcations, experience,
      knowledge and fulﬁl the conditions of independence as speciﬁed in the said Act, Rules and Regulations. The Non-Executive
      Directors of the Company had no pecuniary relationship other than payment of sitting fee for attending meetings of Board of
      Directors and its Committees.
8.    Board Performance evaluation:
      In accordance with the provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations, the Company has conducted the Annual Performance
      Evaluation process, evaluating the performance of the Board, the Committee of Board and the individual directors including
      Chairman.
      The Board of Directors has evaluated the performance of Independent Directors during the year 2025-26 and expressed
      their satisfaction with the evaluation process.
      Independent Directors, in their separate meeting reviewed the performance of the Non-Independent Directors and the Board
      as a whole and also reviewed the performance of the Chairman after taking in account the views of all the Directors. The
      outcome of this performance evaluation was placed before the meetings of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
      and Independent Directors for the consideration of the members. The committee expressed overall satisfaction on the
      performance of the Independent Directors, Non-Independent Directors, Chairman and the Board as a whole.
9.    Internal Financial Control systems and its adequacy
      The Board is of opinion that the Company's Internal Financial Controls are commensurate with the nature of its business and
      the size and complexity of its operations and were effective during the Financial Year 2025-26. These are routinely tested
      by Statutory as well as Internal Auditors and cover all the key business areas. The Audit Committee reviews the adequacy
      and effectiveness of internal control systems and monitors the implementation of audit recommendations, including those
      relating to strengthening the same. The Audit Committee and Statutory Auditors are appraised of the internal audit findings
      and corrective actions taken. The Statutory Auditors of the Company have reported on adequacy of internal control in their
      Report.
10.   Directors' Responsibility Statement and Internal Financial Control:
      Pursuant to Section 134(3) and 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Directors, to the best of knowledge, conﬁrm that:
      i.      in the preparation of annual accounts for the year ended March 31, 2026, the applicable Accounting Standards have
              been followed and no material departures had been made from the same;
      ii.     they have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently, and made judgments and estimates that
              were reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of a state of aﬀairs of the Company as at March 31,
              2026, and of the proﬁt of the Company for the said Financial Year;
      iii.    they have taken proper and suﬃcient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the
              provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting
              fraud and other irregularities;
      iv.     they have prepared the annual accounts on a 'going concern basis';
      v.      they have laid down internal ﬁnancial controls to be followed by the Company and that such internal ﬁnancial controls
              are adequate and were operating eﬀectively; and
      vi.     they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such
              systems are adequate and operating eﬀectively.
11.   Subsidiary Companies and Consolidated Financial Statements:
      In accordance with Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, a statement containing the salient features of the ﬁnancial
      statements of all subsidiaries of the company in the prescribed format is annexed as Annexure-1 to this Report.
      The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and its subsidiary, prepared in compliance with the Companies Act,
      2013 and applicable Accounting Standards forms a part of this Annual Report. The Standalone and Consolidated financial
      statement of the Company and its subsidiaries are available onto website of the Company at: https://www.kolsite.com.
      The Company funds it subsidiaries, from time to time in ordinary course of business and as per the funding requirements
      through securities, loan and/or other means the work to meet working capital requirements. In terms of the Company’s
      policy on determining “material subsidiary”, framed in accordance with Regulation 16(1)(c) of SEBI Listing Regulation, no
      company was determined as material subsidiary during the financial year ended March 31, 2026. The said policy on material

                                                                                              43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 17

===== PAGE 20 =====
      subsidiaries is available on the website of the Company at https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/Material%20
      Subsidiaries%20Policy.pdf.
      There has been no material change in the nature of business of the subsidiaries.
12.   Material changes and commitments affecting financial position between the end of the financial year and date of
      the report.
      There are no material changes and commitments affecting the financial position of your Company, which have occurred
      between the end of the year and date of this report. Further, there has been no change in the nature of business of the
      Company.
13.   Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or Investments:
      Particulars of loans given, investments made, guarantees given and securities are provided in the notes to financial statement
      of the Standalone Financial of the Company.
14.   Public Deposits:
      The Company has not accepted any deposits from public and as such, no amount on account of principal or interest was
      outstanding as on the date of the Balance Sheet.
15.   Related Party Transactions:
      All Related Party Transactions that were entered into during the Financial Year under review were on an arm's length basis,
      in the ordinary course of business. Prior omnibus approval of the Audit Committee is obtained for the transactions which
      are repetitive in nature. A statement of all Related Party Transactions is placed before the Audit Committee for its review
      on a quarterly basis, specifying nature, value, terms and conditions of the transactions. The details of the transactions
      with Related Parties are provided in the accompanying Financial Statements. There were no material transaction of the
      Company with any of its related parties, hence the disclosure under section 134(3)(h) of the Act in AOC-2 is not applicable.
      The Company has adopted a Policy on materiality of Related Party Transactions and dealing with the same, as approved by
      the Board of Directors. It is uploaded on the Company's website at:
      https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/08.NEW-KET-RPT-POLICY.pdf
16.    Risk Management:
      The Board of Directors of the Company has a Risk Management Committee to frame, implement and monitor the risk
      management plan for the Company.
      The Committee is responsible for monitoring and reviewing the risk management plan and ensuring its effectiveness.
      For the key business risks identified by the Company, please refer to the Management Discussion and Analysis annexed to
      this Report.
17.   Signiﬁcant and material orders:
      No Signiﬁcant Material Orders have been passed by the Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which would impact the going
      concern status of the Company and its future operations.
18.   Corporate Governance:
      The Company has put in place governance practice and has complied with the Corporate Governance requirements as per
      the SEBI Listing Regulations.
      A separate report on Corporate Governance as stipulated under SEBI Listing Regulations along with a Certificate of
      Compliance from the Statutory Auditors, forms part of this Annual Report.
19.   Board and Committee
      During the year, the Board met 6 (six) times, as detailed in the Corporate Governance Report. The intervening gap between
      the meetings was within the period prescribed under the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations and relevant relaxation
      granted from time to time.
      During the year under review, the Board has accepted the recommendation of the Audit Committee. Details of all the
      Committees of the Board has been given in the Corporate Governance Report.
20.   Credit Rating
      Details of Credit Ratings obtained by the Company have been given in the Corporate Governance report, which forms part
      of integrated report.
21.    Management Discussion and Analysis:
      In terms of SEBI Listing Regulations, the Management Discussion and Analysis Report is appended to this Annual Report.
22.    Measures for prevention of sexual harassment at work place:
      The Company has zero tolerance for sexual harassment at workplace and has in place a Policy on prevention of Sexual
      Harassment in line with the requirements of The Sexual Harassment of Women at the Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition &

18    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 21 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


      Redressal) Act, 2013 and rules framed thereunder. All employees (permanent, contractual, temporary, trainees) are covered
      under this policy. Internal Committee (IC) has been set up to redress complaints received regarding sexual harassment.
      There was no complaint of sexual harassment received during the year under review.

      Number of complaints of sexual            Number of complaints disposed              Number of cases pending for more
      harassment received in the year           off during the year                        than ninety day
                       Nil                                          Nil                                    Nil
23.   Auditors and their Report
      Statutory Auditors
      M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP, Chartered Accountants (FRN : 105215W/W100057), the Statutory Auditor of the Company, was
      appointed for the term of five (5) years in the Annual General Meeting held on 19th July 2024, till the conclusion of the 46th
      Annual General Meeting.
      The notes on the financial statements referred to in the Auditors’ Report are self-explanatory and do not call for any further
      comments. There is no audit qualification, reservation or adverse remark in their Report for the year under review. During
      the year, the Statutory Auditors have not reported any instances of fraud committed against the Company by its officers or
      employees under Section 143(12) of the Act, the details of which would need to be mentioned under Section 134(3)(ca) of
      the Companies Act, 2013.
      Cost Auditors:
      M/s. Urvashi Kamal Mehta & Co., Cost Auditors, have conducted audit of Cost Accounting Records in respect of the Financial
      Year 2025-26 and report thereon shall be finalized and filed as statutorily provided. The Board on recommendation of the
      Audit Committee has re-appointed M/s. Urvashi Kamal Mehta & Co., Cost Auditors for the FY 26-27. A remuneration of
      ₹1,32,000/- plus applicable taxes and out of pocket expenses payable to the Cost Auditors for conducting cost audit of the
      Company for FY 2026-27 as recommended by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board has to be ratified by the
      shareholders at the 43rd Annual General Meeting. The Company has maintained cost records as specified under section
      148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013.
      Secretarial Auditors and their Report:
      M/s. Bhandari & Associates, (Firm Registration Number: P1981MH043700), the Secretarial Auditor of the Company was
      appointed for the term of five (5) years in the Annual General Meeting held on 16th July, 2025 till the conclusion of the 47th
      Annual General Meeting
      M/s. Bhandari & Associates has conducted the secretarial audit in accordance to the provisions of Section 204 of the
      Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules,
      2014 and in accordance with the requirement of Regulation 24A of the SEBI (LODR), Regulation, 2015 for F.Y. 2025-26
      The Secretarial Audit Report in Form MR-3 for the said financial year is annexed to this Report as Annexure - 2. The
      Secretarial Auditor has observed a delay in the transfer of shares pertaining to unpaid/unclaimed dividend for the financial
      year 2017–18 to the Investor Education and Protection Fund ("IEPF") Authority. The Company has since completed the
      transfer and has taken necessary steps to ensure timely compliance with the applicable statutory requirements.
24.   Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR):
      The Board has constituted a Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, as detailed in the Corporate Governance Report
      forming part of the Annual Report. The CSR Policy is available on the Company's website at: https://www.kolsite.com/
      uploads/investores/pdf/CSR%20POLICY.pdf
      During the year, the programmes/ initiatives / projects are taken up in line with the schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013,
      which are duly incorporated in CSR Policy and forms the guiding principle for all our initiatives.
      The annual report on CSR activities is annexed to this report as Annexure-3
25.   Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo:
      The information on conservation of energy, technology absorption and foreign exchange earnings and outgo as stipulated
      under Section 134(3)(m) of the Act read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is annexed as Annexure-4.
26.   Policy on Director's appointment and remuneration:
      The policy on Directors’ appointment and remuneration including determination of the qualification, independence of
      Directors and other matters provided under Section 178(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 forms part of the Remuneration
      Policy of the Company. A gist of the policy is available in the Corporate Governance Report. This policy is available on the
      Company’s website and can be accessed at https://www.kolsite.com/pdf/remuneration-policy.pdf
      It is aﬃrmed that the remuneration paid to the directors is as per the terms set out in the Remuneration Policy of the
      Company.


                                                                                              43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 19

===== PAGE 22 =====
27.    Vigil Mechanism & Whistle Blower Policy:
      The Company has framed a policy on Vigil Mechanism-Whistle Blower, enabling all the employees and other stakeholders
      of the Company to report any matter/activity on account of which the interest of the Company may be adversely aﬀected,
      as a Protected Disclosure. This Policy has been placed on the Company's website at: https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/
      investores/pdf/Vigil-mechanism-whistle-blower-policy_.pdf
      No complaint has been received during the year under review.
28.   Particulars of employees and remuneration:
      Disclosures with respect to the remuneration of Directors and employees as required under Section 197(12) of the Act read
      with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is annexed to this
      Annual Report as “Annexure 5”.
      Details of employee remuneration as required under provisions of Section 197 of the Act, and Rule 5(2) &5(3) of Companies
      (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, forms part of this report. As per the provisions of
      Section 136 of the Act, the reports and Financial Statements are being sent to shareholders of the Company and other
      stakeholders entitled thereto, excluding the Statement containing Particulars of Employees. Any shareholder interested in
      obtaining such details may write to the Secretarial Department at the registered office of the Company.
29.   Annual Return:
      The copy of Annual Return in Form No. MGT-7 as per provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules thereto, is available
      on the Company’s website at https://www.kolsite.com/annual-general-meeting.php >2026.
30.    Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report:
      The Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report initiatives taken from the environmental, social and governance
      perspective in the prescribed format is available on the Company’s website at https://www.kolsite.com/brsr.php
31.   Transfers to the Investor Education and Protection Fund
      Transfer of unclaimed/unpaid amount to the Investor Education and Protection Fund’ has been covered in the Corporate
      Governance Report forming part of the Annual Report.
32.   Secretarial Standards
      During the year under review, the Company has complied with the applicable provisions of the Secretarial Standards issued
      by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
33.   Compliance with Maternity Benefit Act, 1961
      The Company is compliant has with applicable provisions of the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 and has policies, systems and
      processes in place to ensure ongoing compliance.
34.   Other Disclosures:
      No application has been made under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code; hence the requirement to disclose the details of
      application made or any proceeding pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code 2016 (31 of 2016) during the year
      along with their status at the end of the financial year is not applicable; and The requirement to disclose the details of the
      difference between the amount of the valuation done at the time of onetime settlement and the valuation done while taking
      a loan from the Banks or Financial Institutions along with the reasons thereof is not applicable.
35.   Acknowledgement:
      The Board of Directors wish to place on record its deep sense of appreciation for the committed services by all the employees
      of the Company. The Board of Directors would also like to express their sincere appreciation for the assistance and co-
      operation received from the Shareholders, Bankers, Government Authorities, Stock Exchanges, Customers, Suppliers and
      Business Associates at all levels during the year under review.




                                                                                                    For and on behalf of the Board
Place : Mumbai
Date : May 28, 2026                                                                                            (Anand S. Kabra)
                                                                                                    Chairman & Managing Director
                                                                                                                 (DIN: 00016010)




20    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 23 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


                                                                                                                   Annexure-1
                                                         FORM AOC-1
             [Pursuant to first proviso to Section 129(3) read with Rule 5 of the Companies Accounts) Rules, 2014]

Statement containing salient features of the ﬁnancial statement of subsidiary companies
Part A: Subsidiary:
                                                                                                                     (` in Lakhs)

                        Name                             Kabra Mecanor              Varos Technology      Kabra Energy Private
                                                       Belling Technik Pvt.             Pvt. Ltd                Limited
                                                                Ltd
Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if                         NA                        NA                       NA
different from the holding company's reporting period:
Share Capital                                                            100                       1.00                      0.1
Reserves & Surplus:                                                    51.73                   (557.17)                   (0.81)
Total Assets:                                                          96.13                     798.90                     0.00
Total Liabilities:                                                     47.86                      89.10                     0.71
Investments:                                                           82.40                          0                        0
Turnover                                                                   0                      17.84                        0
Profit before taxation:                                              (0.891)                   (354.00)                   (0.19)
Provision for taxation:                                                    0                    (62.52)                        0
Profit after taxation:                                               (0.891)                   (291.49)                   (0.19)
Proposed Dividend:                                                        Nil                       NIL                       Nil
Percentage of Shareholding                                          69.98 %                       100%                    100%
*# Kabra Macanor Belling Technik Private Limited, is accounted for as a Joint Venture in the Consolidated Financial Statements as
per Ind AS, pursuant to the JV agreement executed between the shareholders.

As per our report of even date                    For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
                                                  Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                          Anand Kabra                            Ekta Kabra
Chartered Accountants                             Chairman & Managing Director           Vice-Chairperson & Managing Director
Firm Registration Number:105215W                  (DIN: 00016010)                        (DIN: 07088898)

Akshay B. Purandare                               Uttam Singh                            Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                           Interim Chief Financial Officer        Company Secretary
Membership No. 141984

Place: Mumbai                                                                            Place: Mumbai
Date: May 28, 2026                                                                       Date: May 28, 2026




                                                                                            43rd Annual Report 2025-26     | 21

===== PAGE 24 =====
                                                                                                                    Annexure-2
                                                   Form No. MR-3
                                             SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
                                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026
                     [Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies
                           (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,
The Members,
Kabra Extrusion Technik Limited
CIN: L28900MH1982PLC028535

We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate
practices by Kabra Extrusion Technik Limited (hereinafter called ‘the Company’). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that
provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained
by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the
conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial
year ended March 31, 2026 complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board
processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for
the financial year ended March 31, 2026 according to the provisions of:
i.     The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the Rules made thereunder;
ii.    The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and the Rules made thereunder;
iii.   The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
iv.    Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct
       Investment. The Company does not have any Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings during the
       financial year;
v.     The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI
       Act’):-
       a.   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
            (‘the Listing Regulations’);
       b.   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
       c.   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
       d.   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018#;
       e.   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021#;
       f.   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021#;
       g.   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 2025#;
       h.   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021#;
       i.   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018#; and
       j.   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018.
            # The Regulations or Guidelines, as the case may be were not applicable to the Company for the period under review.
       The other Laws, Rules, Regulations and Guidelines as amended from time to time and as informed and identified by the
       Company which are specifically applicable to the Company is given below:
       i.   Battery Waste Management Rules, 2022;
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the Secretarial Standard 1 and 2 issued by the Institute of
Company Secretaries of India.
During the period under review, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines,
Standards, etc. mentioned above to the extent applicable except that the Company has transferred the shares pertaining to
unpaid/unclaimed dividend for seven consecutive years for the financial year 2017–18 to the Investor Education and Protection
Fund Authority on October 31, 2025. However, the said transfer was made beyond the timelines prescribed under Section 124 of
the Act read with Rule 6 of the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules,
2016.


22     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 25 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


We further report that –
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors
and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the period under
review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act. Further, Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra whose second term as
an Independent Director completed on August 26, 2025, was appointed as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director by the
shareholders through postal ballot w.e.f. September 11, 2025.
Adequate notice was given to all Directors to schedule the Board and Committee Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda
were sent at least seven days in advance for meetings other than those held at shorter notice and a system exists for seeking
and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the
meeting.
During the period under review, decisions were carried through and no dissenting views were observed, while reviewing the
minutes.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations
of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
We further report that during the audit period, there were no events/actions having a major bearing on the Company’s affairs in
pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards etc.
                                                                                                        For Bhandari & Associates
                                                                                                               Company Secretaries
                                                                                         Unique Identification No.: P1981MH043700
                                                                                            Peer Review Certificate No.: 6157/2024


                                                                                                                 Saurabh Somani
                                                                                                                           Partner
                                                                                                    ACS No.: 69826; C P No.: 26495
Mumbai | May 28, 2026                                                                              ICSI UDIN: A069826H000513170
This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure ‘A’ and forms an integral part of this report.


                                                                                                                       Annexure ‘A’
To,
The Members,
Kabra Extrusion Technik Limited
CIN: L28900MH1982PLC028535
Our Secretarial Audit Report for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1.   Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express
     an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2.   We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the
     correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are
     reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we follow provide a reasonable basis for our
     opinion.
3.   We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.
4.   Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules, regulations and
     happening of events etc.
5.   The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility
     of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6.   The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness
     with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
                                                                                                        For Bhandari & Associates
                                                                                                               Company Secretaries
                                                                                         Unique Identification No.: P1981MH043700
                                                                                            Peer Review Certificate No.: 6157/2024


                                                                                                                 Saurabh Somani
                                                                                                                           Partner
                                                                                                    ACS No.: 69826; C P No.: 26495
Mumbai | May 28, 2026                                                                              ICSI UDIN: A069826H000513170

                                                                                                 43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 23

===== PAGE 26 =====
                                                                                                                     Annexure-3

                        ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES
                                               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2025-2026
                            [Report on Corporate Social Responsibility as per Rule 8 of the Companies
                                          (Corporate Social Responsibility) Rule, 2014]
1.   Brief outline on CSR policy of the Company :
     Kabra Extrusiontechnik Ltd. (KET) strives to be a socially responsible company and strongly believes in the development
     of society at large. The Company is committed to supporting social initiatives with a focus on socio-economic development,
     healthcare, education, women empowerment, animal welfare, etc. that measurably improve the quality of lives of the
     underprivileged & needy and benefit society at large.
     In compliance of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act), Schedule VII to the Act, Companies (Corporate Social
     Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, the Company has adopted a Policy on undertaking corporate social responsibility
     activities.
     The CSR Policy is available at: https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/CSR%20POLICY.pdf
2.   Composition of CSR committee
     The CSR Committee of the Board is responsible for overseeing the execution of the Company’s CSR Policy. The composition
     of the CSR Committee and attendance of members in the Committee meeting held during the financial year 2025-26 is given
     hereunder:
       Sl.        Name of Directors             Designation                        No of Meetings Held      Attendance of each
       No.                                                                                                       Director
        1        Mr. Ekta Kabra*                Chairperson                                  1                      1
           2     Mr. Boman Moradian    #
                                                Member                                       1                       0
           3     Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra^         Member                                       1                       1
           4     Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra    @
                                                Member                                       1                       1
           5     Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra$        Member                                       1                       1
     * designated as a Chairperson of the Committee w.e.f. August 01, 2025
     #inducted as a member of the Committee w.e.f. August, 01, 2025
     ^ Ceased to be the member of the Committee w.e.f. August 26, 2025 and inducted as a member of the Committee w.e.f.
     September 15, 2025
     @ Ceased to be the chairman of the committee w.e.f August 01, 2025 and member of the committee w.e.f September 15,
     2025
     $ Ceased to be the member of the committee w.e.f July 25, 2025
3.   The web-link where composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Project approved by the Board are
     disclosed on the website of the Company.
     The web-links are as under:
     https://kolsite.com/board-committees.php
     https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/CSR%20POLICY.pdf
4.   Details of Impact Assessment of CSR Project carried out in presence of sub-rule (3) of Rule 8 of the Companies
     (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rule, 2014, if applicable:
     Not applicable, as the Company does not have average CSR obligation of Rs.10 Crore or more in pursuance of Section
     135(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 in the three immediate preceding financial years.

5.   (a)       Average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of Section 135                      : ₹4,129.53 Lakhs
     (b)       Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of Section           : ₹82.60 Lakhs
     (c)       Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial : NIL
               years
     (d)       Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any                                 : ₹4 Lakh
     (e)       Total CSR Obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c) -(d)]                                   : ₹78.60 Lakhs




24   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 27 =====
Notice         | Statutory Reports        |   Financial Statements


6.   (a)        Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project)                     : ₹69.66 Lakhs
     (b)        Amount spent on Administrative Overheads                                                               : N.A.
     (c)        Amount Spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable                                                       : N.A.
     (d)        Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a) + (b) +(c)]                                             : ₹69.66 Lakhs
     (e)        CSR Amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year                                                     :


      Total Amount                                                  Amount Unspent (₹ In Lakhs)
      Spent for the
      FY 2025-26                Total Amount transferred to Unspent              Amount transferred to any fund specified under
      Rs. In Lakhs               CSR Account as per Section 135(6)             Schedule VII as per second proviso to Section 135(5)
                                       Amount          Date of Transfer        Name of Fund              Amount            Date of Transfer
      Rs. 69.66 Lakhs             Rs. 8.94 Lakh            30/04/2026                                      N.A
     (f)        Excess amount for set-off, if any:
          Sl.      Particular                                                                                    Amount in ₹ In Lakhs
          No.
           1      Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5)                                              Rs.78.60
           2      Total amount spent for the Financial Year                                                                           Rs.69.66
           3      Excess amount spent for the Financial Year [(ii)-(i)]                                                                         -
           4      Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the                                                    -
                  Previous FY, if any
           5      Amount available for set off in succeeding FY [(iii)-(iv)]                                                                    -
7.   Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three Financial Years:
      1                2           3                 4              5                        6                        7                 8
      Sl. Preceding            Amount         Balance Amount    Amount         Amount transferred to a Fund         Amount        Deficie ncy, if
      No. Financial         transferred to    in Unspent CSR Spent in the      as specified under Schedule       remaining to          any
           Year(s)          Unspent CSR        Account under    Financial       VII as per second proviso to      be spent in
                            Account under     sub- section (6) Year (in Rs)      sub- section (5) of section      succeeding
                             sub- section      of section 135                              135, if any          Financial Years
                                 (6) of            (in Rs.)                       Amount              Date of       (in Rs)
                             section 135                                            (in ₹)           Transfer
                               (in Rs.)
      1        2024-25             Nil               Nil            Nil             NA              NA                NA               NA
      2        2023-24      Rs.4.33 Lakhs            Nil        Rs.4.33 (24-        NA              NA                NA               NA
                                                                    25)
      3        2022-23      Rs.6.06 Lakhs            Nil       Rs.6.06 Lakhs        NA              NA                NA               NA
                                                                  (23-24)
               Total               Nil               Nil             Nil            NA              NA                NA               NA

8.   Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent
     in the Financial Year: No
9.   Specify the reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per subsection
     (5) of Section 135: The Company is spending the unspent amount in ongoing Project as per section 135 (6) of the act.


For and on behalf of the Board                                                                     For and on behalf of the CSR Committee



Anand Kabra		                                                                                                                    Ekta Kabra
Chairman and Managing Director                                                                                  Chairperson – CSR Committee
(DIN : 00016010)                                                                                                             (DIN: 07088898)

Date: May 28, 2026
Place: Mumbai




                                                                                                         43rd Annual Report 2025-26         | 25

===== PAGE 28 =====
                                                                                                                     Annexure- 4

Disclosure of Particulars with respect to conservation of energy, technology absorption and foreign exchange earnings
and outgo as prescribed under Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rule, 2014
A.   CONSERVATION OF ENERGY
1.   Steps taken or impact on conservation of energy;
     Sustainable Development and continuous improvement of Key Performance Indicators is of prime importance for the
     company. New technologies are being adopted to automate processes, reduce energy and water consumption, and improve
     safety. During the year under review, following Energy Conservation measures were taken by the Company:
     a.   Continuous efforts are being made by the production team for the conservation of energy and Process Optimisation to
          improve operational efficiency and appropriate steps are taken to reduce the consumption through efficiency in usage
          and timely maintenance and upgradation of energy saving devices.
     b.   Heating time for trials, testing etc., is strictly monitored and certain savings are generated, but total impact of this
          cannot be ascertained.
     c.   Impact of measures at (a) & (b) above, for reduction of energy consumption and consequent impact on the cost of
          production of goods: With the implementation of measures indicated in (a) above, it is expected that there would be a
          corresponding favourable impact on the energy cost per unit of production.
2.   Steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate sources of energy: During the year total 73,796 kwh units were
     utilized from Solar Energy
3.   The capital investment on energy conservative equipment’s: NIL
B.   TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
Extrusion Division
1.   Efforts made towards technology absorption :
     The Company continued its efforts towards technology absorption through the development and introduction of new-
     generation pipe and film plants and other innovative products, including drip lines. These initiatives have expanded the
     Company's product portfolio and enabled it to offer customers a wider range of technologically advanced solutions with
     improved productivity, enhanced reliability, lower power consumption and reduced total cost of ownership.
2.   Benefits derived like product improvement, cost reduction, product development or import substitution :
     The Company continued its focus on the development of a wider range of extrusion lines and allied products through
     continuous technological advancements and innovation. These initiatives have resulted in product improvements, enhanced
     operational efficiency, increased customer value and a broader product portfolio. The Company's continued investment in
     research and technology, coupled with its focus on expanding its presence in key markets, is expected to support sustainable
     long-term growth and strengthen its competitive position.
3.   In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the financial
     year) : Nil
4.   Expenditure incurred on research and development: Rs. 367 Lakhs during the financial year 2025-26
Geon Division
1.   Efforts made towards technology absorption and benefits:
     Geon, the Company’s energy storage division, has accelerated its R&D to pioneer large-scale Battery Energy Storage
     Systems (BESS) and heavy-duty clean mobility. The team successfully launched a Residential Energy Storage System
     (RESS) featuring a proprietary solar-integrated hybrid inverter, while simultaneously scaling capabilities to execute massive,
     utility-scale BESS projects. In parallel, the division developed high-voltage, liquid-cooled battery packs tailored specifically
     for e-buses and commercial transport, all backed by in-house multi-physics simulation and deep cell characterization
     to ensure premium thermal safety. These efforts have yielded significant strategic benefits, positioning the Company as
     a holistic turnkey partner for major power grids, solar developers, and heavy-vehicle OEMs. The deployment of solar-
     integrated RESS and large-scale BESS frameworks drastically minimizes external component dependencies, while our
     advanced engineering workflows have optimized manufacturing costs, allowing Geon to deliver highly customized, reliable,
     and future-ready energy storage infrastructure.




26   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 29 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports     |   Financial Statements


2.   In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the financial
     year): NIL
3.   Expenditure incurred on research and development: Rs. 185.18 Lakhs during the financial year 2025-26
C.   FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO :
     The details of foreign exchange earnings and outgo during the period under review as under:
                                                                                                               (₹ in Lakhs)

     Particulars                                                                             FY 25-26         FY 24-25

     Foreign Exchange earnings                                                                      5751.82        6420.67

     Foreign Exchange outgo                                                                        10767.50       13866.86




                                                                                         43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 27

===== PAGE 30 =====
                                                                                                                   Annexure-5
INFORMATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 197(12) READ WITH RULE 5(1) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND
REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONEENL) RULES, 2014
1.   Ratio of remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of the company and percentage
     increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company Secretary or
     Manager, if any, in the Financial Year 25-26

         Sr.               Name              Designation                         Ratio of Remuneration     Percentage increase/
         No.                                                                      of Director to Median        (decrease) in
                                                                                      remuneration            remuneration

         1.    Mr. Shreevallabh G Kabra*     Executive Chairman                           N.A.                     0%

         2.    Mr. Anand S. Kabra&           Chairman & Managing Director                 25.72                    0%

         3.    Mrs. Ekta Kabra    &
                                             Vice Chairperson and Managing                13.98                    0%
                                             Director

         4.    Mr. Satyanarayan G. Kabra#^   Non- Executive Director                      N.A.                     N.A.

         5.    Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra^        Non- Executive Director                      N.A.                     N.A.

         6.    Mr. Boman Moradian@           Independent Director                         N.A.                     N.A.

         7.    Mrs. Chitra Andrade@          Independent Director                         N.A.                     N.A.

         8.    Mr. Munjal Kapadia     @
                                             Independent Director                         N.A.                     N.A.

         9.    Mr. Utpal Sheth   @
                                             Independent Director                         N.A.                     N.A.

         10.   Mr. Daulat Jain$              Chief Financial Officer                        -                      6%

         11.   Mr. Atanu Maity               Chief Executive Officer                      N.A.                     N.A.

         12.   Mrs. Shilpa Rathi             Company Secretary                              -                     7.7%

     @The Independent Directors of the Company are entitled to sitting fees for the Financial Year 25-26. The details of
     remuneration of Independent Directors are provided in the Corporate Governance Report.
     *Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra resigned as Executive Director of the company w.e.f September 15, 2025
     # Mr. Satyanarayan G. Kabra resigned as Non- Executive Director of the company w.e.f July 25, 2025
     $ Mr. Daulat Jain resigned as Chief Financial Officer of the company w.e.f. April, 27, 2026
     ^The other non-executive directors are not entitled to any remuneration.
     &
      Mr. Anand Kabra and Mrs. Ekta Kabra designation was changed from Vice-Chairman and Managing Director to Chairman
     and Managing Director and from Managing Director to Vice-Chairperson and Managing Director with effect from August 01,
     2025 respectively.
2.   The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the Financial Year 25-26: 8.53%
3.   Number of permanent employees on the rolls of the company as on March 31, 2026: 665
4.   Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the
     last financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification
     thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration:
     The average percentile increases already made in salaries of employee (other than managerial remuneration) was 8%
5.   Affirmation that remuneration paid is as per remuneration policy of the Company :
     It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the remuneration policy of the Company.

                                                                                      For and on behalf of the Board of Directors


Place : Mumbai                                                                                                     Anand Kabra
Date: May 28, 2026                                                                                Chairman and Managing Director
                                                                                                                (DIN : 00016010)




28   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 31 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports       |    Financial Statements



 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
I.   Global Economy Overview
     The global economy in FY26 is operating in a markedly challenging and uncertain environment, shaped by elevated
     geopolitical tensions, persistent inflationary pressures, and a gradual slowdown in momentum following the post pandemic
     recovery. As highlighted in the International Monetary Fund’s World Economic Outlook (April 2026), the outbreak of conflict
     in the Middle East in early 2026 constituted a major negative shock, disrupting what had previously been a period of relative
     resilience supported by technology related investment, accommodative financial conditions, and easing trade frictions. The
     conflict has underscored the growing fragility of the global economic backdrop and the increasing influence of geopolitical
     developments on macroeconomic outcomes.

                                       World Economic Outlook Growth Projec�ons (April 2026)
                                                                                                 4.4                4.2
                                                                                                          3.9
                   3.4                 3.2
                            3.1

                                                          1.9      1.8       1.7




                           World                           Advanced Economies             Emerging market and global economies

                                                           FY25    FY26P     FY27P

                                                 Source: IMF Report (April 2026)
     Global real GDP growth is projected to moderate to about 3.1% in 2026, compared with approximately 3.4% in 2025,
     reflecting the adverse impact of higher energy prices, weaker confidence, and tighter financial conditions. While growth is
     expected to recover marginally to around 3.2% in 2027, it remains below long term historical averages, pointing to a subdued
     medium term trajectory. Advanced economies are projected to grow modestly, constrained by restrictive monetary policy
     settings, high public debt levels, and demographic challenges. In contrast, emerging market and developing economies are
     expected to continue contributing the bulk of global growth, although at a slower pace than in recent years, with outcomes
     varying significantly based on energy dependence, external vulnerabilities, and domestic policy buffers.
     The recent progress on global disinflation has been interrupted by renewed supply side pressures. Headline inflation
     is projected to rise from about 4.1% in 2025 to 4.4% in 2026, driven primarily by sharp increases in energy and food
     prices following disruptions to oil and gas production and transportation. Although inflation is expected to ease in 2027 as
     commodity markets gradually normalize, price pressures remain uneven across countries, with several economies facing
     continued risks of inflation persistence. In this context, central banks have remained cautious, prioritizing price stability
     and the anchoring of inflation expectations. Global financial conditions have tightened moderately, risk premiums have
     increased, and capital flows to more vulnerable economies have become more selective.
     Global trade activity has also softened in this environment. World trade volume growth is expected to slow significantly in
     2026, reflecting weaker demand, higher transportation and input costs, and ongoing reconfiguration of global supply chains.
     Goods trade has been more adversely affected, while services trade has demonstrated greater resilience, supported by
     digitalization and the increasing tradability of knowledge based services. At the same time, heightened volatility in commodity
     markets has strained the external balances of net importing countries, particularly low income and energy dependent
     economies, while benefiting some commodity exporters in nominal terms.
     Looking ahead, the balance of risks to the global outlook remains tilted to the downside. A prolonged or intensifying
     geopolitical conflict, further disruptions to energy supplies, sharper tightening in global financial conditions, or a correction
     in risk asset prices could materially weaken growth prospects. Scenario analysis by the IMF suggests that under more
     adverse conditions, global growth could slow toward recessionary levels, with inflation remaining elevated. Over the medium
     term, global growth is expected to remain modest, constrained by geopolitical fragmentation, slower productivity growth in
     major economies, and reduced dynamism in trade and capital flows. Nevertheless, potential upside exists if technological
     advances—particularly in artificial intelligence—translate into durable productivity gains, and if renewed policy coordination
     and structural reforms support investment and confidence. Overall, the global economic environment in FY26 is characterized
     by moderated growth, elevated uncertainty, and heightened sensitivity to geopolitical and policy developments, requiring
     businesses and policymakers alike to navigate an increasingly complex and volatile landscape.




                                                                                               43rd Annual Report 2025-26        | 29

===== PAGE 32 =====
II.    INDIAN ECONOMY OVERVIEW
       The Indian economy demonstrated notable resilience and underlying strength during FY26 despite a complex and evolving
       global macroeconomic environment. Heightened geopolitical tensions—particularly the escalation of conflict in West Asia—
       led to sharp volatility in global energy prices and disrupted trade and financial flows. Nevertheless, India sustained its
       position as the fastest growing major economy, supported by robust domestic demand, investment momentum, policy
       continuity, and a relatively stable macroeconomic framework.
       As per national accounts data compiled using the revised 2023–24 base series, India’s real Gross Domestic Product (GDP)
       is estimated to have grown by 7.6% in FY26, improving from 7.1% in FY25. Quarterly performance remained strong, with
       real GDP and Gross Value Added (GVA) both expanding by 7.8% in 3QFY26, though some moderation was visible toward
       the end of the year. High frequency indicators suggested that while growth momentum remained intact through January and
       February 2026, early signs of softening appeared in March owing to global supply side shocks and rising input costs.
       Growth Drivers and Demand Conditions
       Economic growth in FY26 was largely driven by domestic demand. Private Final Consumption Expenditure (PFCE)—the
       largest component of GDP—recorded strong growth of around 7.7%, benefitting from low inflation for most of the year, tax
       reforms aimed at increasing disposable incomes, and improving labor market conditions. Consumption demand remained
       broad based across urban and rural segments, with supporting evidence from automobile sales, services activity, and retail
       indicators.
       Investment demand also remained a key pillar of growth. Gross Fixed Capital Formation (GFCF) grew by about 7–8%,
       supported by sustained public capital expenditure, improved balance sheets in the corporate and banking sectors, and a
       gradual revival in private investment intentions. The investment to GDP ratio averaged around 32%, and India’s incremental
       capital output ratio (ICOR) remained stable at approximately 4.4, indicating efficient deployment of capital.
       On the external front, net exports exerted a marginal drag on growth. Export volumes grew modestly amid weak global demand,
       while imports expanded at a faster pace due to strong domestic consumption and higher energy prices. Consequently, the
       contribution of net exports to GDP growth turned negative in the latter part of FY26.
       Outlook and Risks
       Looking ahead, India’s medium term growth prospects remain favourable, supported by structural reforms, digital public
       infrastructure, demographic advantages, and sustained public investment. Multilateral agencies project India’s GDP growth
       at around 6–6.5% in FY27 and FY28, still well above global averages. However, near term risks have increased due
       to elevated geopolitical tensions, energy price volatility, and potential spillovers to inflation, fiscal balances, and external
       accounts.
       Overall, FY26 reaffirmed the Indian economy’s resilience and adaptability. While external shocks have heightened uncertainty,
       a strong domestic demand base, prudent macroeconomic management, and continued reform momentum position India
       relatively well to navigate an increasingly volatile global environment.




                                                            -------------------
III.   INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
       1.   Plastic Extrusion Machinery Sector Growth Dynamics
            The Plastic Extrusion Machinery Market expanded from USD 7.74 billion in 2025 to USD 8.24 billion in 2026, reflecting
            robust growth. Forecasts indicate a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 6.72%, reaching USD 12.22 billion by
            2032. This upward trajectory underscores a sustained global demand driven by transformative shifts in manufacturing
            environments, evolving end-user industry requirements, stricter regulatory compliance, and a heightened emphasis
            on sustainable and high-efficiency production processes. Substantial investments in machinery modernization and
            digitalized production lines confirm that the plastics extrusion industry is transitioning into a data-driven operational
            phase, empowering manufacturers worldwide to enhance adaptability and optimize performance.


30     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 33 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


          Market Scope and Emerging Trends
          Machine Types: The market offers a comprehensive range of extruders—including single screw, twin screw, and multi
          screw models—catering to diverse application needs. These machines support both standard product manufacturing
          and specialized compounding for unique material processing demands.
          Polymer Variants: Equipment is designed to process a variety of polymers such as acrylonitrile butadiene styrene
          (ABS), polypropylene (PP), polyethylene (PE), polystyrene (PS), and polyvinyl chloride (PVC), addressing the
          requirements of packaging, construction, automotive, and medical industries.
          Automation Levels: Solutions encompass fully automated extrusion lines with integrated control systems, as well
          as manual and semi-automatic configurations, ensuring flexible adaptation to varying plant sizes and customization
          needs.
          Applications: Core applications include extrusion of pipes, profiles, sheets, films, wires, and cables. The market
          is also witnessing growth in advanced uses such as barrier films and eco-friendly jacketing compounds, targeting
          emerging industry segments.
          End-Use Industries: Demand is driven by sectors including consumer goods, building materials, automotive parts,
          medical devices, and packaging. These industries prioritize machinery that delivers consistent quality and versatile
          production capabilities.
          Technological Advancements: The integration of digital twins, predictive maintenance, advanced melt filtration,
          and modular production units is revolutionizing operational efficiency. These technologies enable manufacturers to
          upgrade workflows and position their facilities for future market developments.
          The Plastic Extrusion Machinery Market is poised for sustained growth fuelled by innovation, regulatory pressures,
          and evolving industry demands. The manufacturers prudently investing in digital transformation and flexible, high-
          performance equipment will lead the sector’s next phase of expansion.
          SOURCE: Research and Markets - Plastic Extrusion Machinery Market - Global Forecast 2026-2032
          Flexible Packaging (Brown Film)
          Flexible packaging utilizes a variety of materials such as polymers, paper, films, aluminum foil, cellulose, bioplastics,
          and laminated films. The selection of material is guided by packaging needs including barrier effectiveness, sealing
          ability, durability, print quality, cost efficiency, and environmental considerations.
          Plastics continue to dominate the industry as the preferred material because of their affordability, strength, moisture
          resistance, versatility, strong barrier properties, and ease of use.
          The Blown Film Extrusion Machine Market is projected to grow from USD 8.2 billion in 2025 to USD 12.7 billion by
          2035, at a CAGR of 4.5%. This growth is driven by rising demand for high-speed film production and flexible packaging
          solutions, fuelled by consumer preferences for lightweight, durable, and sustainable packaging. Manufacturers are
          prioritizing automation, energy efficiency, and precision control to boost production efficiency and minimize downtime.
          Market expansion is further supported by increased consumption of packaged goods and growth in food processing and
          pharmaceutical sectors, especially in emerging economies. Environmental concerns are accelerating the adoption of
          recyclable and thinner films, while smart manufacturing and IoT integration are transforming operations. Investments in
          multilayer extrusion technologies and high-barrier films for specialty packaging will drive the deployment of advanced,
          intelligent extrusion systems in the coming years.
          SOURCE: Future Market Insights Inc. - Blown Film Extrusion Machine Market Size and Share Forecast Outlook 2025 to 2035
          Polymer Pipe Industry
          The India plastic pipes market, valued at USD 2.10 billion in 2025, is projected to reach USD 3.65 billion by 2034,
          growing at a CAGR of 6.30%. This robust growth is driven by government initiatives such as the Jal Jeevan Mission
          and Smart Cities Mission, expansion in agricultural irrigation, and rising real estate developments in tier-2 and tier-
          3 cities. The shift from conventional materials to durable, corrosion-resistant, and cost-effective plastics like PVC,
          HDPE, and CPVC is accelerating market adoption, supported by sustainable infrastructure projects and smart urban
          development.
          Rapid urbanization and increased construction of industrial, commercial, and residential buildings are fuelling demand
          for long-lasting plastic piping systems. The agricultural sector remains a key driver, with extensive use of plastic pipes
          in drip and sprinkler irrigation to enhance water efficiency and crop yields. Growing water conservation efforts and
          smart city projects are boosting demand for leak-resistant, low-maintenance pipes. Enhanced retail and distribution
          channels, along with organized supply chains, are improving accessibility, standardization, and end-user confidence,
          solidifying plastic pipes as the preferred choice across diverse end-use segments.
          SOURCE: IMARC Group's report titled ‘India Plastic Pipes Market Size, Share, Trends and Forecast by Type, Diameter, End Use,
          and Region, 2026-2034’




                                                                                               43rd Annual Report 2025-26          | 31

===== PAGE 34 =====
          Union Budget 2026-27: Key Announcements for Plastics Extrusion Machine Manufacturers
          The Union Budget 2026-27 emphasizes infrastructure-driven growth by raising capital expenditure by 9% to ₹12.2
          lakh crore, up from ₹11.21 lakh crore in FY26. The Effective Capital Expenditure is projected at ₹17.15 lakh crore,
          representing 4.4% of GDP. The budget’s primary focus areas are manufacturing, railway expansion, and digital
          infrastructure development.
          Union Budget 2026-27 and Other Announcements: Growth Accelerators for Plastics Extrusion Machine
          Manufacturers
          •    MSME Support & Growth Fund: The government has launched a ₹10,000 crore SME Growth Fund to support
               high-potential enterprises, along with a ₹2,000 crore top-up for the Self-Reliant India Fund to facilitate easier
               capital access for manufacturers.
          •    Electronics & Component Manufacturing Boost: The outlay for the Electronics Components Manufacturing
               Scheme has been increased to ₹40,000 crore, which is expected to boost demand for plastic components used
               in electronics.
          •    Container Manufacturing Scheme: A new ₹10,000 crore, five-year Container Manufacturing Scheme has been
               introduced to enhance domestic container production, driving demand for plastic products in the logistics sector.
          •    Infrastructure & Industrial Clusters: A scheme has been launched to revive 200 legacy industrial clusters
               through technology upgrades.
          •    Tax & Customs Reforms:
               o     A deferred duty payment system has been introduced for trusted manufacturers.
               o     A five-year income tax exemption has been granted to non-residents supplying capital goods, equipment,
                     or tooling to manufacturers operating in bonded zones, which will reduce costs for advanced machinery.
               o     Furthermore, limits for duty-free imports of specified inputs have been increased to support exports.
          •    Jal Jeevan Mission 2.0: The Cabinet has approved increasing the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM 2.0) outlay to INR
               8.69 lakh crore, with central assistance rising to INR 3.59 lakh crore, an additional INR 1.51 lakh crore since
               2019-20. JJM 2.0 aims to provide tap water connections to all 19.36 crore rural households by December 2028,
               ensuring scheme sustainability and timely delivery through state-specific MoUs. The mission shifts to a citizen-
               centric, utility-based approach, targeting 24×7 rural drinking water supply aligned with the vision of Viksit Bharat
               @2047.
          The above policies aim to accelerate the industry's shift toward high-technology production. It is poised to strengthen
          the capital goods ecosystem for the Plastics Extrusion Machine Industry.
          SOURCE: www.pib.gov.in and Union Budget Speech 2026-27
     2.   Electric Vehicle and Allied Industries
          India’s electric mobility shift is accelerating, backed by strong policy support, falling battery costs, and a rapidly
          strengthening domestic manufacturing base. The country is moving decisively away from import dependence toward
          becoming a competitive global hub for EV production, aligned with its goals of energy security, lower oil imports, and
          its 2070 net-zero target.
          This transformation is already evident. EV sales have risen sharply from around 50,000 units in 2016 to over 2 million in
          2025, positioning India among the fastest-growing EV markets globally. Adoption is led by cost-efficient two-wheelers
          and high-usage three-wheelers dominating urban and last-mile mobility, while passenger vehicles are steadily scaling.
          At the same time, electric buses and commercial fleets are emerging as core components of public transport and
          logistics.
          With demand incentives, localisation push, and expanding charging infrastructure, India has entered a scale-up phase.
          As global supply chains realign, India is positioning itself as a key destination for EV manufacturing and investment.
          The outlook for India’s EV market remains highly compelling. As per Grand View Horizon - India Electric Vehicle
          Market Size & Outlook, 2026-2033, the sector is projected to expand significantly from USD 20.2 billion in 2025 to USD
          178.2 billion by 2033, registering a strong CAGR of 29.4%. This rapid growth is being driven not only by supportive
          government policies but also by rising consumer awareness and continuous improvements in EV infrastructure.
          As per Modor Intelligence - India EV battery pack market share & size analysis – growth trends & forecasts (2026-31),
          India’s EV battery pack market is set for rapid expansion, rising from USD 39.39 million in 2025 to USD 53.76 million
          in 2026, and projected to reach USD 254.59 million by 2031, growing at a CAGR of 36.5%. This growth is driven by
          declining cell costs, government incentives such as Faster Adoption and Manufacturing of Hybrid and Electric Vehicles
          (FAME II) and Production Linked Incentive for Advanced Chemistry Cell (PLI ACC), and increasing global investments
          in gigafactories, positioning India as a key node in Asia’s EV supply chain.
          While passenger vehicles continue to lead battery demand, rising adoption of electric buses and fleet vehicles is
          gradually shifting the volume mix. Manufacturers are moving toward Lithium Iron Phosphate (LFP) and emerging


32   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 35 =====
Notice     | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


            Lithium Manganese Iron Phosphate (LMFP) chemistries to enhance safety, optimise energy density, and reduce raw
            material risks. At the same time, newer players are adopting cell-to-pack designs and 800 Volt architectures to enable
            faster charging, while established companies are investing in backward integration to protect margins and strengthen
            supply chains.
            EV Sales Comparison

                             Category                               FY25                        FY26                   YoY Change

            E-2 Wheelers                                                   11,50,790                   14,01,818                     21.8%

            E-3 Wheelers                                                    6,98,914                    8,30,819                     19.0%

            E-4 Wheelers                                                    108,873                     199,923                      83.6%

            E-CV                                                              8,820                      19,454                    120.6%

            Grand Total                                                    19,67,397                   24,52,014                     24.6%

            SOURCE: FADA
            FY26 marked a defining inflection point in India’s electric mobility trajectory, with total EV retail sales reaching 2.5 million
            units, representing a robust year-on-year growth of 24.6%. This growth was broad-based, with all major segments
            delivering strong double-digit expansion.
            The E-4 Wheelers segment led the surge, recording sales of 1,99,923 units in FY26, a sharp rise of 83.6% YoY. The
            E-4 Wheelers share in total EV sales expanded by 262 bps to 8.2% in FY26. The E-2 Wheelers continued to scale
            rapidly as a mass-market solution, growing 21.8% YoY to 14,01,818 units. However, The E-2 Wheelers share in total
            EV sales contracted by 132 bps to 57.2% in FY26. The E-3 Wheelers sales grew by 19.0% YoY to 8,30,819 units in
            FY26. However, The E-3 Wheelers share in total EV sales contracted by 164 bps to 33.9% in FY26. Meanwhile, E-CV
            emerged as the fastest-growing category, more than doubling with a 120.6% YoY increase to 19,454 units. The E-VC
            share in total EV sales expanded by 35 bps to 0.8% in FY26.
            India’s EV growth story is no longer confined to the automotive sector—it reflects the country’s accelerating transition
            toward sustainable and scalable mobility solutions. From last-mile connectivity to personal transportation, the
            momentum across segments highlights India’s rising capability to lead a large-scale, mass-market energy transition.
            Government Initiatives: Key Announcements for EV Industry
            PM E-DRIVE Scheme: A INR 10,900 crore program, valid until March 2028, designed to accelerate EV adoption
            through direct upfront price reductions for electric two-wheelers, three-wheelers, trucks, and ambulances. The scheme
            also supports the deployment of electric buses for public transport and expands charging infrastructure across the
            country.
            PLI Scheme for ACC Battery Storage: This initiative provides financial incentives to foster a competitive domestic
            battery manufacturing ecosystem, with the objective of reducing battery costs and strengthening supply chain
            resilience.
            Phased Manufacturing Program (PMP): The program promotes higher domestic value addition by encouraging
            manufacturers to progressively source EV components locally, thereby reducing reliance on imports.
            Favourable Tax Rates: A concessional Goods and Services Tax (GST) rate of 5% is maintained on EVs and EV
            chargers, making electric mobility more affordable and accessible to consumers.
IV.   Company Overview
      Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (“KET” or “the Company”) is one of India’s leading manufacturers of plastic extrusion
      machinery and a key player in the evolving advanced energy solutions space. With a legacy of over four decades, the
      Company is part of the reputed Kolsite Group and has built a strong global presence across more than 100 countries,
      supported by a robust installed base and long-standing customer relationships. The Company operates through two core
      business segments:
      1.    Extrusion Machinery (Core Business)
            KET’s legacy business is centered around the manufacturing of plastic extrusion machinery, primarily catering to
            pipe extrusion and blown film/flexible packaging applications. The Company continues to hold a strong leadership
            position in the domestic market, supported by its robust engineering expertise, deep understanding of application
            requirements, and long-standing relationships with customers across both domestic and international markets. This
            combination has enabled KET to build a resilient and trusted market presence over the years.



                                                                                                    43rd Annual Report 2025-26        | 33

===== PAGE 36 =====
          The Company has consistently focused on technological advancement, process efficiency, and product customization
          to meet evolving industry needs. Its offerings include high-output, energy-efficient extrusion systems, advanced multi-
          layer film technologies, and solutions compatible with sustainable and recyclable materials. These capabilities position
          the Company well to address changing customer demands and industry trends focused on efficiency and sustainability.
          During FY26, the extrusion segment faced some moderation in demand due to factors such as slower execution and
          fund disbursement under government initiatives like the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM), delays in infrastructure spending by
          state governments, and weakness in export markets arising from geopolitical challenges and currency volatility. Despite
          these short-term headwinds, the long-term outlook remains positive, driven by increasing demand for polymer pipes,
          growth in the flexible packaging segment, and continued government emphasis on water and sanitation infrastructure
          development.
     2.   New Energy Business – GEON
          KET’s new energy division, GEON, represents the Company’s strategic entry into the rapidly expanding electric
          vehicle (EV) and energy storage markets. The division was initiated around 2018 through technology collaborations,
          with commercial manufacturing commencing in 2020. Over the years, GEON has developed significant scale, with an
          installed battery pack manufacturing capacity of approximately 7 GWh at its Chakan facility, supported by investments
          of nearly USD 30 million (INR 250 Crores) toward capacity creation and technology development.
          GEON has built strong capabilities across the entire battery value chain, including end-to-end design, integration,
          and manufacturing of lithium-ion battery packs. The division operates on a technology-agnostic model, sourcing cells
          globally while focusing on system-level innovation and efficiency. It is supported by a strong in-house R&D team
          comprising over 100 engineers dedicated to product development, performance optimization, and adapting battery
          systems to Indian operating conditions.
          The division has established a growing market presence, with over 400,000 battery packs deployed in the field. Its
          product portfolio caters to a wide range of applications, including electric two-wheelers, three-wheelers, passenger
          vehicles, and high-voltage and off-road applications. In addition, GEON has expanded into stationary applications
          such as energy storage systems and inverter batteries, thereby diversifying its use cases beyond mobility.
          Strategically, GEON is accelerating its expansion into adjacent segments such as Battery Energy Storage Systems
          (BESS), telecom and solar storage solutions, commercial and industrial (C&I) energy storage, and the B2C lithium-ion
          battery market for power backup. While mobility currently accounts for around 70–80% of revenues, the contribution
          from energy storage applications is poised to contribute in the coming years, reflecting the division’s intent to build a
          diversified and future-ready energy solutions portfolio.
     A.   Key Strengths
          1.   Established Market Leadership in Core Business
               Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited enjoys a strong leadership position in the domestic plastic extrusion machinery
               market, supported by over four decades of industry experience. The Company has developed deep domain
               expertise across pipe and film extrusion applications, enabling it to cater to a wide range of customer requirements
               across industries and geographies.
          2.   Diversified Business Model with Dual Growth Engines
               The Company operates through a balanced portfolio comprising its legacy extrusion business and the high-
               growth new energy division (GEON). While the extrusion business provides stability and cash flow generation,
               the energy division offers exposure to emerging sectors such as EV batteries and energy storage, creating a
               strong long-term growth platform.
          3.   Early Mover Advantage in Energy Storage & EV Ecosystem
               Through GEON, KET has established an early presence in the lithium-ion battery and energy storage market,
               with operational manufacturing capabilities since 2020. The division has already deployed 400,000+ battery
               packs, demonstrating strong execution capabilities and real-world operating experience in the EV ecosystem.
          4.   Strong In-House Design, R&D and Engineering Capabilities
               A key differentiator for the Company is its strong engineering and product development capabilities, supported by
               a dedicated R&D team. In the energy business, GEON has 100+ engineers focused on design and development,
               enabling the Company to customize battery systems for Indian conditions and customer-specific applications.
          5.   Technology-Agnostic and Asset-Light Approach in Energy Business
               KET follows a technology-agnostic approach in its battery business, sourcing cells globally while focusing on
               design, integration, and system optimization. This allows flexibility, reduces technology risk, and enhances the
               ability to adopt evolving battery chemistries without heavy capital investments in cell manufacturing.


34   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 37 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports      |   Financial Statements


          6.    Strong Manufacturing Infrastructure with Scalability
                The Company has built a robust manufacturing base, including a ~7 GWh battery pack capacity at its Chakan
                facility. Investments in automation and a robotic manufacturing setup position the business to scale efficiently as
                demand grows.
          7.    Expanding Product Portfolio Across Mobility and Energy Storage
                GEON has diversified beyond its initial focus on two-wheeler EV batteries into:
                •    3-wheelers, 4-wheelers, and high-voltage applications
                •    Telecom, solar, and inverter storage
                •    Emerging BESS opportunities
                This diversification reduces dependence on a single segment and strengthens long-term growth visibility.
          8.    Strong Order Visibility and Revenue Potential in Energy Business
                The Company has secured a ~INR 150 Crore order for execution in the upcoming year and has the potential to
                scale revenues significantly as capacity utilization improves. At optimal levels, the existing facility can generate
                INR 1,500+ crore revenue, highlighting the scalability of the business model.
    B.    Financial Performance Snapshot

          Particulars (in INR Cr.)                            FY25                        FY26                 Change (in %)
          Revenue                                              477                         451                    (5.45%)
          Gross Profit                                         186                         170                    (8.60%)
          Gross Profit Margin (%)                             38.9%                    35.64%                     326 bps
          EBITDA                                                52                        13.05                  (74.88%)
          EBITDA Margin (%)                                   10.9%                       2.9%                      (8%)
          EBIT                                                  45                        7.16                   (83.95%)
          PAT                                                   34                        (2.44)                 (107.21%)
          PAT Margin (%)                                      7.2%                        (0.54)                 (107.63%)
          EPS (In INR)                                        9.69                        (0.70)                 (107.21%)
          KET’s revenues stood at INR 451 crores in FY26 as compared to INR 477 crores in FY25, registering a decline of
          5.45% year-on-year. The Company’s EBITDA stood at INR 13.05 crores in FY26 against INR 52 crores in FY25.
          Consequently, the EBITDA margin declined to 2.9% in FY26 from 10.9% in FY25.
          KET reported an EBIT of INR 7.16 crores in FY26 as compared to INR 45 crores in FY25. The Company recorded a
          net loss, with PAT standing at INR (2.44) crores in FY26 against a profit of INR 34 crores in FY25. Accordingly, the PAT
          margin stood at (0.54)% in FY26 compared to 7.2% in FY25.
    C.    Key Financial Ratios
          In accordance with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing
          Regulations”) and the Company is required to give details of significant changes (change of 25% or more) as compared
          to the immediately previous financial year) in key sector-specific financial ratios.

          Particulars                               % Change          Reasons for Variation
          Debtors Turnover                            5.20%
          Inventory Turnover                         (13.10%)         Due to increase in inventory and Lower sale
          Interest Coverage Ratio                     39.20%
          Current Ratio                               (7.20%)
          Debt Equity Ratio                           16.70%
          Operating Profit Margin                      (8%)           Due to lower sale
          Net Profit Margin                          (107.6%)         Due to lower sale
          Return on Capital Employed                 (86.50%)
    D.    Business Outlook
          The outlook for Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited remains anchored in its dual-business strategy, comprising its
          established extrusion machinery business and its emerging new energy segment under GEON. While near-term
          demand conditions in the extrusion segment have remained subdued, the long-term growth trajectory continues to
          be supported by structural drivers such as infrastructure development, water management initiatives, and increasing
          demand for advanced plastic processing solutions.

                                                                                                 43rd Annual Report 2025-26    | 35

===== PAGE 38 =====
           In the extrusion business, demand is expected to gradually improve with the revival of government-led infrastructure
           spend, particularly under programs like the Jal Jeevan Mission and other water and sanitation initiatives. The polymer
           pipe segment is poised for long-term expansion driven by increasing urbanisation, housing demand, and the transition
           from conventional materials to polymer-based solutions. Additionally, the flexible packaging segment is expected to
           witness steady growth, supported by rising consumption across FMCG, pharmaceuticals, and e-commerce sectors.
           The Company continues to focus on enhancing its product portfolio through high-performance, energy-efficient
           systems and solutions compatible with sustainable and recyclable materials, positioning itself to benefit from evolving
           industry requirements.
           The GEON division is expected to emerge as a key growth driver over the medium to long term, supported by strong
           tailwinds in the electric mobility and energy storage sectors. Increasing adoption of EVs, favourable government
           policies, and growing demand for efficient energy storage solutions are expected to drive significant opportunities for
           the Company. The division is expanding its presence across multiple applications, including electric vehicles, telecom,
           solar storage, and commercial and industrial energy solutions. The Company is also actively exploring opportunities
           in the Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) space, which is expected to play a critical role in renewable energy
           integration and grid stability.
           From an operational perspective, the Company is focused on scaling up the utilization of its existing battery
           manufacturing capacities, strengthening its order book, and improving operating efficiencies. The battery business is
           expected to move towards profitability as volumes scale up, supported by execution of secured orders and a growing
           customer base. The Company’s strategic focus on design, integration, and system optimization, combined with its
           investments in automation and technology, is expected to drive long-term competitiveness.
           Overall, KET is well-positioned to leverage its engineering expertise, diversified product portfolio, and presence in
           high-growth sectors, enabling it to navigate short-term challenges while capitalizing on long-term opportunities across
           both its core and emerging businesses.
      E.   Risks and Challenges
           The Company’s operations remain exposed to risks arising from cyclical demand conditions in its core extrusion
           business, which is closely linked to infrastructure spending and capital investment cycles. Any delays in government
           projects, particularly under initiatives such as the Jal Jeevan Mission, along with moderation in state-level infrastructure
           spending, may impact order inflows and overall performance. In addition, volatility in export markets due to geopolitical
           uncertainties and currency fluctuations could affect the Company’s international business.
           The scaling of the new energy business under GEON also presents execution-related risks, as the division is still in
           a growth phase. The Company’s ability to ramp up production, secure consistent order flows, and achieve optimal
           capacity utilization will be critical for improving profitability. Further, rapid technological advancements in battery
           technologies and energy storage solutions necessitate continuous investment in research and development to remain
           competitive and avoid obsolescence.
           The Company is also exposed to supply chain risks, particularly in the battery segment, where key components are
           sourced globally. Any disruptions, price volatility, or dependency on external suppliers could impact operations and
           margins. Additionally, increasing competition across both the extrusion and energy segments, coupled with evolving
           regulatory and policy frameworks, may influence growth prospects and profitability.
V.    Internal Control System and Their Adequacy
      The Company's internal audit system is geared towards ensuring adequate internal controls commensurate with the
      size complexity and needs of the business, with the objective of efficient conduct of operations through adherence to the
      Company's policies, identifying areas of improvement, evaluating the reliability of financial statements, ensuring compliance
      with applicable laws and regulations and safeguarding of assets from unauthorized use. The Company has appointed a firm
      of Chartered Accountants as Internal Auditors in compliance of Section 138 of the Companies Act, 2013 to conduct internal
      audit of functions and activities of the Company. They report on quarterly basis to the Company on their findings. The Report
      is reviewed by the Audit Committee Members and Statutory Auditors.
VI.   Human Capital
      The Company continues to maintain cordial and peaceful industrial relations facilitating smooth manufacturing activities. The
      programmes aiming at leadership development and upgradation with advancing technology on all fronts were conducted
      during the year. Our human capital strength stood at 665 including Workers, Staff and Executives as on 31st March 2026.
      Cautionary Statement
      Actual performance may differ from projections made, as the Company's operations are subject to various economic
      conditions, government regulations, natural calamities and other incidental factors over which the Company may not have
      any direct / indirect control.
                                                                                                      For and on behalf of the Board
Place : Mumbai
Date : May 28, 2026                                                                                              (Anand S. Kabra)
                                                                                                      Chairman & Managing Director
                                                                                                                   (DIN: 00016010)

36    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 39 =====
Notice        | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
A compliance report on Corporate Governance is included in this Annual Report in compliance of Regulation 34(3) read with
Schedule V - Part C appended to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and amendments
thereto (hereinafter termed as “Listing Regulations”).
1.   Company's Philosophy on Code of Governance:
     The basic philosophy of Corporate Governance of the Company is to achieve business excellence and dedicate itself
     to increasing long-term shareholders value, keeping in view the need and interest of all its stakeholders, viz. customers,
     shareholders, employees, regulatory bodies, vendors, bankers, etc.
2.   Board of Directors:
     Composition and size of the Board:
     The Company has an optimal combination of Executive, Non-Executive and Independent Directors to maintain the
     independence of the Board from the management, which is in conformity with the requirement of Section 149(4) of the
     Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations.
     The Board of Directors of the Company comprises of 7 (Directors) Directors, with 2 (Two) Whole-time Executive Directors
     and 5 (Five) are Non-Executive Directors, of which 4 (Four) are Independent Directors, including a woman independent
     director. The Board is headed by Mr. Anand Kabra, Chairman and Managing Director.
     During the year under review, there were changes in the composition of the Board of Directors. Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra
     stepped down and resigned from the position of Chairman and Director of the Board. Consequent to the same, Mr. Anand
     Kabra, Managing Director of the Company, was appointed as Chairman of the Board. Further, Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra,
     Non-Executive Director, resigned from the Board of the Company. The tenure of Mr. Bajrang Bagra as Independent Director
     was completed during the year and, thereafter, he was appointed as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the
     Company. Further, Mr. Munjal Kapadia was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company.
     The current strength of the Independent Directors on the Board is in compliance with Listing Regulations and the Act.
     Independent Directors contributed to the deliberation and decision making process in the meetings. They are acknowledged
     as leading professionals in their respective fields.
     Board Meetings and attendance:
     During the Financial Year 2025-26, Six (6) Board Meetings were held on May 16, 2025, August 01, 2025, August 07, 2025,
     November 06, 2025, January 23, 2026 and January 29, 2026. The gap between two meetings did not exceed one hundred
     and twenty days as stipulated under Section 173(1) of the Act and Regulation 17(2) of the Listing Regulations and the
     Secretarial Standards on the Meeting of Board of Directors issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. The
     necessary quorum was present for all the meetings.
     In case of business exigencies, the Board’s approval was taken through circular resolution/s. The circular resolution/s were
     noted at the subsequent Board Meeting.
     The composition of the Board, directorships/committee membership position in other companies as on year ended March
     31, 2026, number of meetings held and attended during the year are as follows:

         Sr. Name of the Director &               Attendance at               As on March 31, 2026         No. of shares Directorship
         No Category                                                                                        held along     in other
                                                 Board   Last AGM    Number of            Number of                         Listed
                                                Meetings  held on      External         Memberships/       with % to the
                                                 during  16.07.2025 Directorships     Chairmanships in     paid-up share Companies
                                               FY2025-26                held #        Board Committees        capital
                                                                                          across all           of the
                                                                                       the Companies*       Company ^
                                                                                     Member     Chairman
         1.    Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra              2         Yes          5              -           -        ^1,000          0
               Executive @                                                                                    0.00 %
         2.    Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra Non -        1         Yes          3             2            -         2000           1
               Executive                                                                                      0.01%
               Non Independent @
         3.    Mr. Anand Kabra                     6         Yes          4             1            -       63,64,055        -
               Executive $                                                                                    18.20%
         4.    Mrs. Ekta Kabra                     6         Yes          3              -           -       32,67,600        -
               Executive $                                                                                    9.34%
         5.    Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra               3         Yes          4             2            -          Nil           -
               Non - Executive Non-
               Independent @


                                                                                                43rd Annual Report 2025-26        | 37

===== PAGE 40 =====
         Sr. Name of the Director &                  Attendance at                As on March 31, 2026              No. of shares Directorship
         No Category                                                                                                 held along     in other
                                                 Board   Last AGM    Number of                Number of                              Listed
                                                Meetings  held on      External             Memberships/            with % to the
                                                 during  16.07.2025 Directorships         Chairmanships in          paid-up share Companies
                                               FY2025-26                held #            Board Committees             capital
                                                                                              across all                of the
                                                                                           the Companies*            Company ^
                                                                                         Member     Chairman
         6.    Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra                 3          Yes          4               -            4              Nil              -
               Non - Executive Independent @
         7.    Mr. Utpal Sheth                       4          Yes          14             3             1              Nil             4
               Non - Executive Independent
         8.    Mr. Boman Moradian                    6          Yes          4              1             -              Nil              -
               Non - Executive Independent
         9.    Mrs. Chitra Andrade                   6          Yes          2               -            2              Nil              -
               Non - Executive Independent
         10.   Mr. Munjal Kapadia, Non-              3          N.A.         3               -            -              Nil              -
               Executive Independent @
     # includes directorships held in all the Companies, i.e. Private and Public Limited Companies and Foreign Companies.
     ^ As per date of this report.
     * A Committee Member or Chairman of the Audit and Stakeholders Relationship Committee in all public limited companies,
     whether listed or not.
     @ Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra, resigned as Executive Chairman with effect from August 1, 2025 and Director with effect from
     September 15, 2025. Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra, resigned as Non Executive Non Independent Director with effect from July
     25, 2025. Mr. Bajrang Bagra, completed his tenure as Non-Executive Independent Director with effect from August 26, 2025
     and was appointed as Non-Executive Non Independent Director with effect from September 11, 2025. Mr. Munjal Kapadia
     was appointed as Non-Executive Independent Director with effect from August 07, 2025
     $ Mr. Anand Kabra and Mrs. Ekta Kabra designation was changed from Vice-Chairman and Managing Director to Chairman
     and Managing Director and from Managing Director to Vice-Chairperson and Managing Director with effect from August 01,
     2025 respectively.
     None of the Directors on the Board hold the office of Director in more than 20 Companies, including 10 public companies, as
     disclosed under Section 165 of the Act read with rules framed thereunder. Further, pursuant to the disclosure made under
     Section 184 of the Act read with applicable rules, none of the Independent Director serve as Independent Director in more
     than 7 listed companies and none of the of the Independent Directors are Whole Time Director / Managing Director in more
     than 3 listed companies, in compliance with the applicable provision of Listing Regulation.
     Further, none of the Whole Time Director of the Company serve as Independent Director in more than 3 listed companies.
     In accordance with Regulation 26 of SEBI Listing Regulations, none of the Directors on the Board are Members on more
     than ten (10) committees or Chairman of more than five (5) committees across all the Public Companies in which they are
     Directors. The necessary disclosures in this regard, as required under the Act and Listing Regulations have been made by
     them.
     Inter-se Relationship among Directors
     Except those mentioned below, none of the directors of your Company are related to each other:
     •         Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra is related to Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra (Brother), Mr. Anand Kabra (Son) and Mrs. Ekta Kabra
               (daughter in law)
     •         Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra is related to Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra (Brother),
     •         Mr. Anand Kabra is related to Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra (Father) and Mrs. Ekta A. Kabra (Spouse)
     •         Mrs. Ekta Kabra is related to Mr. Anand Kabra (Spouse) and Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra (Father in law)
     Details of Directorship(s) held in Other Listed Entity/(ies):

         Sr.        Name of the Director       Name of the Listed Entities           Category of              Skills / expertise / competence
         No.                                                                         Directorship

          1      Mr. Shreevallabh G. Kabra *   Nil                            -                          Knowledge on Company’s businesses,
                                                                                                         plastic industry prospects, policies and
          2      Mr. Satyanarayan G. Kabra *   Plastiblends India Limited     Executive Director         culture (incl. Mission, Vision & Values)
                                                                                                         major risks / threats and potential
          3      Mr. Anand S. Kabra    $
                                               Nil                            ----
                                                                                                         opportunities, Business Strategy,
          4      Mrs. Ekta A. Kabra$           Nil                            ----                       Sales & Marketin




38   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 41 =====
Notice       | Statutory Reports         |   Financial Statements


         Sr.        Name of the Director       Name of the Listed Entities              Category of       Skills / expertise / competence
         No.                                                                            Directorship

         5       Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra         Nil                              ---                     Corporate Governance, Decision
                                                                                                        Making, behavioural skills- attributes &
                                                                                                        competencies to use their knowledge
                                                                                                        and skills

         6       Mr. Boman Moradian            Nil                              ----                    N.A.

         7       Mrs. Chitra Andrade           Nil                              -----                   N.A.

         8       Mr. Utpal H. Sheth            1. Metro Brands Limited          1. Nominee Director     Fund raising, merger & acquisitions,
                                               2. Star Health And Allied        2. Nominee Director     buybacks and corporate advisory
                                                  Insurance Company Limited                             transactions      Finance       and
                                               3. NCC Limited                   3. Director             Management skills
                                               4. Inventurus        Knowledge   4. Nominee Director
                                                  Solutions Limited

         9.      Mr. Munjal Kapadia            Nil                              -----                   Knowledge on Strategic Leadership,
                                                                                                        Packaging     Industry  Expertise,
                                                                                                        Business Growth,
                                                                                                        Product Innovation
                                                                                                        Finance & Strategy
                                                                                                        IPO Leadership

     * Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra and Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra has resigned from the board with effect from September 15, 2025
     and July 25, 2025 respectively.
     $ Mr. Anand Kabra and Mrs. Ekta Kabra designation was changed from Vice-Chairman and Managing Director to Chairman
     and Managing Director and from Managing Director to Vice-Chairperson and Managing Director with effect from August 01,
     2025 respectively.
     Confirmation on the Independence of the Independent Directors
     All the Independent Directors have furnished declarations stating they meet the criteria of independence as laid down in the
     Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations. The Board of Directors hereby confirms that in their opinion, the Independent
     Directors fulfill the conditions specified in the Listing Regulations and are Independent of the Management.
     The Company has a familiarization programme for its Independent Directors and other Non-Executive Directors. The details
     of such familiarization programmes for Independent Director(s) can be accessed on the Company's website at
     https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/Familiarisation%20Prog-2025-26.pdf
     Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment
     The details of Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment, if any, forms part of the notice of the 43rd Annual General
     Meeting.
3.   COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
     In compliance with the statutory requirements, the Board has constituted various committees. The terms of reference of
     these committees are determined by the Board and their relevance is reviewed from time to time.
a)   Audit Committee
     Terms of Reference in brief
     The terms of reference of this Committee are wide enough covering the matters speciﬁed for Audit Committee, pursuant to
     Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and said Regulations, inter-alia, including the following:
     •         Overseeing of the Company's ﬁnancial reporting process and disclosure of ﬁnancial information and ﬁnancial / risk
               management policies;
     •         Review of Quarterly Financial Results and Annual Financial Statements, ensuring compliance with regulatory guidelines
               and Auditor's Report thereon;
     •         Review of the adequacy of Internal Control Systems, discussion on signiﬁcant Internal Audit ﬁndings, including internal
               control and weakness, if any, and Risk Management.
     •         Recommend appointment, removal of Statutory Auditors, Cost Auditors, Internal Auditors, Secretarial Auditors, & their
               remuneration.
     •         Review Management Discussion & Analysis of ﬁnancial condition and the Company's Financial Results.
     •         Review areas of operation of Internal Audit team & their performance.

                                                                                                       43rd Annual Report 2025-26         | 39

===== PAGE 42 =====
     •     Review and approval of material Related Party Transactions and subsequent modiﬁcation(s) thereto.
     •     Review and approve appointment of CFO or any other person heading the Finance function.
     •     Review and monitor the auditor's independence & performance and eﬀectiveness of audit process.
     •     Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments.
     •     Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever necessary.
     •     Review utilization of loans & advances from/investment by the holding company in the subsidiary company(ies);
     •     Review compliance with the provisions of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 and verify that the
           systems for internal control are adequate and are operating eﬀectively.
     •     Review quarterly statement of deviation(s) including report of monitoring agency, if applicable, submitted to Stock
           Exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 32.
     Audit Committee Composition:
     In compliance with Section 177 of Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Meeting of Board and its Powers) Rules,
     2014 and Regulation 18 of Listing Regulations, Audit Committee has been duly constituted. The Committee comprises
     Directors possessing adequate expertise in the fields of finance, accounts, corporate laws and business management.
     During the year under review, the composition of the Audit Committee was re-constituted from time to time consequent to
     changes in the composition of the Board of Directors in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Act and Listing
     Regulations.
     During the year, committee met for 4 (four) times with necessary quorum being present at all the meetings:

      Name of Members          Status                        Qualifications         Position in Committee   Meetings Attended

      Mrs. Chitra Andrade*     Non - Executive Independent   B.com, PGDBM            Chairperson                    4
                               Director

      Mr. Boman Moradian       Non - Executive Independent   PG in Management and   Member                          4
                               Director                      BE (Mech)

      Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra#   Non - Executive Non           M.Com, F.C.A           Member                          4
                               Independent Director

      Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra^ Executive Director             Economic (Honours)     Member                          0

     *designated as a Chairperson of the Committee w.e.f. August 01, 2025
     #Ceased to be the chairperson of the Committee w.e.f. August 01, 2025 and member of the Committee w.e.f August 26,
     2025 and inducted as a member of the Committee w.e.f. September 15, 2025.
     ^inducted as a member of the committee w.e.f August 01, 2025 and ceased to be the member of the committee w.e.f
     September 15, 2025
     Meetings:
     The Audit Committee meetings were held Four (4) times during the Financial Year 2025-26 on May 16, 2025, August 01,
     2025, November 06, 2025 and January 29, 2026.
     Quorum of the Committee is two (2) Independent Directors as Members.
     The Chief Financial Oﬃcer is permanent invitees at the meetings. Apart from him, these meetings were also attended by
     Internal Auditors and Statutory Auditors on invitation. Members of the Senior Management Team are also invited to attend
     meetings on discussion requiring their expertise or insights.
     The Company Secretary acts as a Secretary to the Audit Committee.
     Minutes of each Audit Committee Meeting are placed before and noted by the Board.
b)   Nomination and Remuneration Committee:
     The composition of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is in line with Section 178(1) of Companies Act, 2013 and
     Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations. During the year under review, the composition of the committee was reconstituted
     from time to time consequent to changes in the composition of the Board of Directors, in compliance with the applicable
     provision of the Act and Listing Regulations.




40   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 43 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


    Meeting and Attendance
    During the year, committee met for 2 (two) times with necessary quorum being present at all the meetings:
     Name of Members          Status                          Qualiﬁcation           Position in Committee    Meetings Attended
     Mr. Boman Moradian*      Non - Executive Independent     PG in Management and   Chairman                          2
                              Director                        BE (Mech)
     Mrs. Chitra Andrade      Non - Executive Independent     B.com, PGDBM           Member                            2
                              Director
     Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra#   Non - Executive Non             M.Com, F.C.A           Member                            2
                              Independent Director
     Mr. Anand Kabra^         Chairman & Managing Director    B.E. (Mechanical),     Member                            0
                                                              MBA
    *designated at the Chairperson of the Committee w.e.f. August 01, 2025
    # Ceased to be the chairperson of the Committee w.e.f. August 01, 2025 and member of the Committee w.e.f August 26,
    2025 and inducted as a member of the Committee w.e.f. September 15, 2025.
    ^ inducted as a member of the committee w.e.f August 01, 2025 and ceased to be the member of the committee w.e.f
    September 15, 2025
    The Company Secretary acts as the secretary of the Committee.
    Meetings:
    During the Financial Year 2025-26, Two (2) meetings of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee were held on May
    16, 2025 and August 01, 2025. The requisite quorum was present at all the meetings of the Committee. Minutes of each
    Nomination and Remuneration Committee Meeting are placed before and noted by the Board.
    In case of business exigencies, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee’s approval was taken through circular
    resolution/s. The circular resolution/s were noted at the subsequent Nomination and Remuneration Committee Meeting.
    Terms of Reference:
    The terms of reference of the Committee is as follows:
    •     formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director and
          recommend to the board of directors a policy relating to, the remuneration of the directors, key managerial personnel
          and other employees;
    •     formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of independent directors and the board of directors;
    •     devising a policy on diversity of board of directors;
    •     identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior management in
          accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the board of directors their appointment and removal;
    •     whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on the basis of the report of
          performance evaluation of independent directors;
    •     recommend to the board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior management;
    •     To carry out any other function as is mandated by the Board from time to time and/ or enforced by any statutory
          notification, amendment or modification, as may be applicable;
    •     To perform such other functions as may be necessary or appropriate for the performance of its duties.
    Board Evaluation:
    Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Regulation 17(10) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
    Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the Board of Directors has carried out an annual
    evaluation of its own performance, the performance of various Committees, and individual Director.
    The evaluation process aimed to assess the effectiveness of the Board and its Committees in discharging their
    responsibilities and to identify areas for improvement. The evaluation of the Board was carried out based on criteria such as
    Board composition, structure, diversity, experience and competencies of Board members, effectiveness of Board processes,
    information flow, decision-making, and overall functioning of the Board.
    The performance of the Committees was evaluated on the basis of factors including composition, effectiveness of meetings,
    adequacy of terms of reference, and reporting to the Board. The evaluation of individual Directors (including Independent
    Directors) was based on parameters such as attendance, participation, preparedness, contribution at meetings, and
    engagement in the governance of the Company.
    Remuneration Policy and details of remuneration to all the Directors:
    The Company has adopted a Nomination and Remuneration Policy in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the
    Listing Regulations for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of Directors and matters relating to
    remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel.

                                                                                            43rd Annual Report 2025-26     | 41

===== PAGE 44 =====
     During the year under review, the sitting fees payable to Non-Executive Directors for attending meetings of the Board and
     Committees thereof were revised within the limit prescribed under the Act. Accordingly, Non-Executive Directors were paid
     sitting fee of ₹ 50,000/- for attending each Board Meeting and Audit Committee Meeting and ₹ 20,000/- for attending other
     Committee meetings and Independent Director Meetings. Total Sitting Fees paid to Non-Executive Directors during the
     Financial Year 2025-26 was ₹ 20,70,000 /-. Non-Executive Directors were not paid any remuneration except sitting fees.
     Overall remuneration paid during Financial Year 2024-25 to the Directors:
                                                                                                                         (₹ in Lakhs)
      Name of Director                                    Salary            Other Perquisites*    Sitting fees           Total

      Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra @                                      36.04                22.34                   -                58.38
      Mr. Anand Kabra$                                             132.74                85.90                   -               218.64
      Mrs. Ekta Kabra$                                              69.12                49.77                   -               118.89
      Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra #                                          -                     -                  -                    -
      Mr. Utpal Sheth                                                   -                     -              2.10                  2.10
      Mrs. Chitra Andrade                                               -                     -              5.55                  5.55
      Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra                                             -                     -              5.45                  5.45
      Mr. Boman Moradian                                                -                     -              5.90                  5.90
      Mr. Munjal Kapadia   #
                                                                        -                     -              1.70                  1.70
     * includes HRA, Contribution to Provident Fund, Superannuation Fund etc.
     @Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra resigned from the position of the Executive Director w.e.f. September 15, 2025
     #Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra resigned from the board effective from July 25, 2025 and Mr. Munjal Kapadia was appointed as
     Non-Executive Independent Director with effect from August 07, 2025
     $Mr. Anand Kabra and Mrs. Ekta Kabra designation was changed from Vice-Chairman and Managing Director to Chairman
     and Managing Director and from Managing Director to Vice-Chairperson and Managing Director with effect from August 01,
     2025 respectively.
     The Company has not granted Stock Option Scheme to any of its Directors. The Company does not have any Pension
     Scheme.
     Apart from receiving the sitting fee and reimbursement of expenses incurred in the discharge of their duties, none of the
     Non-Executive Directors have any pecuniary relationships or transactions with the Company.
     The criteria for making payments to the Non-Executive Directors is posted onto website of the Company at https://kolsite.
     com/uploads/investores/pdf/criteria-of-making-payments-to-non-executive-directors.pdf
c)   Stakeholders Relationship Committee:
     The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee has been constituted in accordance with the provisions of section 178 of the
     Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 20 of the Listing Regulations. During the year under review, the Composition of the
     committee was reconstituted from time to time consequent to changes in composition of the Board of Directors.
     The Company Secretary is the Compliance Officer of the Company and Secretary to the Committee.
     During the year 2025-26, the Stakeholders relationship committee that also acts as Share Transfer Committee met one time
     on May 16, 2025. The requisite quorum was present in the meeting.
     The composition of the Stakeholder Relationship Committee as on March 31, 2026 is as follows:

      Name of Members              Status                                     Position in Committee        No. of Meeting attended

      Mrs. Chitra Andrade*         Non-Executive Independent Director              Chairperson                       1

      Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra    #
                                   Non - Executive Non Independent                   Member                          1
                                   Director

      Mr. Anand Kabra              Chairman and Managing Director                    Member                          1

      Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra^      Executive Director                                Member                          0

     * inducted as a Chairperson of the Committee w.e.f. August 01, 2025
     # Ceased to be the chairperson of the Committee w.e.f. August 01, 2025 and member of the Committee w.e.f August 26,
     2025 and inducted as a member of the Committee w.e.f. September 15, 2025.
     ^ inducted as a member of the committee w.e.f August 01, 2025 and ceased to be the member of the committee w.e.f
     September 15, 2025
     The Chairperson of the Committee was present at the AGM of the Company held on July 16, 2025.



42   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 45 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports        |   Financial Statements


     Terms of Reference in brief:
     •     enquiring into and redressing complaints of Shareholders and Investors and resolving the grievances of security
           holders of the Company, regarding transfer of shares by way of transmission, name deletion, etc, non-receipt of
           Dividend warrants and Annual Reports, etc;
     •     review of measures taken for eﬀective exercise of voting rights by shareholders; review of adherence to the service
           standards adopted by the Company in respect of various services being rendered by the Registrar & Share Transfer
           Agent;
     •     review of the measures taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely
           receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the Company;
     •     To carry out any other function as is mandated by the Board from time to time and/ or enforced by any statutory
           notification, amendment or modification, as may be applicable;
     •     To perform such other functions as may be necessary or appropriate for the performance of its duties.
     Compliance Officer:
     Ms. Shilpa Rathi, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. Her contact details are:
     Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
     Address: 1001, Fortune Terraces, 10th Floor, B Wing, Opp. Citi Mall New Link Road, Andheri West, Mumbai- 400053
     Email Id : ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com
     Nature & Status of Shareholders Correspondence:
     All the requests / correspondence received during the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026, were duly addressed by the
     Company and / or its Registrar & Transfer Agent, MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India
     Private Limited). No queries are pending for resolution as of March 31, 2026, except where they are constrained by dispute
     or legal impediments or due to incomplete or non-submission of documents by the Shareholders. During the year no investor
     complaints were received.
     All attempts are made to redress the grievances of the shareholders to their satisfaction. All valid requests for transfers,
     transmission, transposition, etc. have been processed and no complaint was pending in respect thereof as of March 31,
     2026.
d)   Risk Management Committee:
     The Risk Management Committee of the Company is constituted in line with the provisions of Regulation 21 of the Listing
     Regulations and has been entrusted with the responsibility to assist the Board in (a) monitoring the Company’s Risk
     Management Framework; (b) reviewing the Risk Management Plan and ensuring its effectiveness and (c) Overseeing all
     the risks that the organization faces such as strategic, financial, liquidity, security, regulatory, legal and other risks that have
     been identified and assessed to ensure that there is a sound Risk Management Policy in place to address such concerns /
     risks.
     Terms of Reference in brief:
     •     To formulate a risk management policy which shall include:
           (a)   A framework for identification of internal and external risks specifically faced by the listed entity, in particular
                 including financial, operational, sectoral, sustainability (particularly, Environmental Social and Governance
                 (ESG) related risks), information, cyber security risks or any other risk as may be determined by the Committee.
           (b)   Measures for risk mitigation including systems and processes for internal control of identified risks.
           (c)   Business continuity plan.
     •     To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks associated
           with the business of the Company;
     •     To monitor and oversee implementation of the risk management policy, including evaluating the adequacy of risk
           management systems;
     •     To periodically review the risk management policy, at least once in two years, including by considering the changing
           industry dynamics and evolving complexity;
     •     To keep the board of directors informed about the nature and content of its discussions, recommendations and actions
           to be taken;
     The Risk Management process covers risk identification, assessment, analysis and mitigation, to frame, implement and
     monitor the Risk Management Plan for the Company. Major risks identified by the businesses and functions are systematically
     addressed through mitigating actions on a continuing basis.
     During the Financial Year 2025-26, meeting of Risk Management Committee was held on May 16, 2025 and November 06,
     2025. The requisite quorum was present for all the meetings.


                                                                                                 43rd Annual Report 2025-26        | 43

===== PAGE 46 =====
     The composition of the Risk Management Committee and attendance of its members at its meetings held during the year is
     as follows:

      Name of Members               Status                             Position in Committee         No. of Meeting attended

      Mr. Anand Kabra               Chairman and Managing Director           Chairman                           2

      Mrs. Ekta Kabra               Vice-Chairperson and Managing             Member                            2
                                    Director

      Mr. Boman Moradian            Non - Executive Independent               Member                            2
                                    Director

     The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Committee.
e)   Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (CSR Committee):
     CSR Committee has been formed in conformity with Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies
     (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014. During the year under review, the Composition of the committee was
     reconstituted from time to time consequent to changes in composition of the Board of Directors.
     During the year 2025-26, the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee met one time on May 16, 2025. The requisite
     quorum was present in the meeting.
     The composition of the Corporate Social Responsibility committee as on March 31, 2026 is as follows:

      Name of Members               Status                             Position in Committee         No. of Meeting attended
      Mr. Ekta Kabra*               Vice-Chairperson and Managing           Chairperson                         1
                                    Director
      Mr. Boman Moradian#           Non - Executive Independent               Member                            0
                                    Director
      Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra^        Non - Executive Non-                      Member                            1
                                    Independent Director
      Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra@       Executive Director                        Member                            1
      Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra   $
                                    Non – Executive Director                  Member                            1

     * designated as a Chairperson of the Committee w.e.f. August 01, 2025
     #inducted as a member of the Committee w.e.f. August, 01, 2025
     ^ Ceased to be the member of the Committee w.e.f. August 26, 2025 and inducted as a member of the Committee w.e.f.
     September 15, 2025
     @ Ceased to be the chairman of the committee w.e.f August 01, 2025 and ceased to be a member of the committee w.e.f
     September 15, 2025
     $ Ceased to be the member of the committee w.e.f July 25, 2025
     The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Committee.
     Terms of Reference in brief:
     •     Formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate Social Responsibility Policy which shall indicate the activities to
           be undertaken by the Company as speciﬁed in Schedule VII to the Companies Act, 2013;
     •     Recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the activities referred above along with detailed CSR action
           plan, modalities of execution, implementation schedule;
     •     Prepare a transparent monitoring mechanism for ensuring implementation of the projects / programs / activities to be
           undertaken by the Company; and
     •     Submit to the Board report giving status of the CSR activities undertaken, expenditure incurred and such other details
           as may be required by it.
     •     Such other activities as the Board of Directors may determine from time to time.
f)   INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS MEETING:
     In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 25(3) of the Listing Regulations, a separate meeting of the Independent
     Director was held once during the FY 2025-26 without the presence of Non-Independent Director or members of the
     management to review:
     1.    Performance of Non Independent Directors and the Board of Directors as a Whole;
     2.    Performance of the Chairman of the Company, taking into account the views of the Executive and Non-Executive
           Directors.

44   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 47 =====
Notice        | Statutory Reports           |   Financial Statements


     3.         Evaluation of the quality, content and timelines of flow of information between the management and the Board that is
                necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform its duties.
     All the independent Directors were present at the meeting.
4.   Particulars of Senior management:
     The Senior management plays a fundamental role in Company's operational teamwork and are defined in line with the
     provision of Listing Regulations. Senior Management are a group of professionals with diverse expertise and extensive
     industry experience.
     The particulars of senior management and changes therein from the previous financial year are as follow:

          Sr.     Name                                 Designation                         Changes if any, during the      Nature of change and
          No.                                                                                 year 2025-26 (Y/N)              effective date

          1       Mr. Daulat Jain#                     Chief Financial Officer                        No                             -

          2       Mr. Jayant Ranade                    Chief Operating Officer                        No                             -

          3       Mr. U. M. A Khan                     Head – Sales                                   No                             -

          4       Mr. Subhabrata Ghosh                 COO – Geon Division                            Yes                 Appointed on August 01,
                                                                                                                          2025 and ceased w.e.f.
                                                                                                                            February 16, 2026

          6       Mr. Pramod Kokate                    CIO                                            No                             -

          7       Ms. Shilpa Rathi                     Company Secretary                              No                             -

          8       Mr. Arnab Saha                       Head – Strategy and Alliances                  No                             -

          9       Mr. Saurabh Jain                     Chief Experience Officer                       No                             -

          10      Mr. Yogesh Deo                       CEO-Extrusion Division                         Yes                     Appointed w.e.f
                                                                                                                               May 16, 2025

     #Mr. Daulat Jain, resigned as CFO with effect from April 27, 2026
     General Body Meetings:

     Financial Year Ended                 AGM Date                                   Venue                                          Time

     31-03-2023                           21-07-2023     Registered Office of the Company, through VC / AOVM                      03:00 P.M.

     31-03-2024                           19-07-2024     Registered Office of the Company, through VC / AOVM                      03:00 P.M.

     31-03-2025                           16-07-2025     Registered Office of the Company, through VC / AOVM                      04.00 P.M.

     The Special Resolutions passed during the previous three (3) Annual General Meetings are presented herein below:

           21-07-2023       1.        To re-appoint Mr. Shreevallabh G. Kabra as Whole time Director designated as the Executive
                                      Chairman of the Company w.e.f April 01, 2024.
                            2.        To re-appoint Mr. Anand Kabra as the Managing Director of the Company w.e.f August 01, 2024.
           19-07-2024       -------
           16-07-2025       1.        To re-appoint Mrs. Chitra Andrade (DIN:08090478) as an Independent Director of the Company with
                                      effect from March 05, 2026 to March 04, 2031
                            2.        To re-appoint Mr. Satyanarayan G. Kabra (DIN 00015930), who retires by rotation in terms of Section
                                      152 of the Companies Act, 2013
     Resolutions passed through Postal Ballot and details of voting pattern:
     The details of special resolution passed through postal ballot process during the year are given below:

          Sr.        Subject Matter of the Resolution passed                 Date of Notice          Date of Shareholder     Date of Declaration of
          No.                                                                                             Approval                   Result
          1       Appointment of Mr. Munjal Kapadia (DIN:00876921)
                  as Independent Director Non Executive
                                                                         August 07, 2025             September 11, 2025       September 12, 2025
          2       To amend the Article of Association for insertion of
                  New Clause - Appointment of Chairman Emeritus




                                                                                                            43rd Annual Report 2025-26          | 45

===== PAGE 48 =====
     The details of voting pattern of the aforesaid special resolution

                           Votes in favour of Resolution            Votes against the Resolution        Invalid Votes

                         Number  Number of              % of        Number of Number         % of       Total            Total
                         of      valid votes            total       members of valid         total      number of        number
      Description of the members cast (Shares)          number      voted     votes          number     members          of invalid
      Resolution         voted                          of valid              cast           of valid   whose            votes
                                                        votes                 (Shares)       votes      votes were       cast
                                                        cast                                 cast       declared         (Shares)
                                                                                                        invalid
      Appointment of              180       22874624       99.99%           23        3117     0.01%                 -            -
      Mr. Munjal Kapadia
      (DIN:00876921)
      as Independent
      Director Non
      Executive
      To amend                    180       22867409       99.95%           24      10334      0.05%                 -            -
      the Article of
      Association
      for insertion of
      New Clause-
      Appointment of
      Chairman Emeritus
     Special Resolution proposed to be conducted through Postal Ballot and Procedure thereof:
     As on date of this report, no Special Resolution is proposed to be conducted through Postal Ballot.
4.   Means of Communication:
     •    Publication of financial results: Standalone and Consolidated Quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results of the
          Company are published in leading English and Marathi language newspaper.
     •    Quarterly, Half Yearly and Annual Financial Results of the Company immediately after approval of the Board are sent to
          the Stock Exchange together with a copy of Limited Review Report and Half- yearly Statement of Assets & Liabilities,
          Audit Report on Annual Accounts, as applicable. These Results are published in the leading newspapers viz. The Free
          Press Journal (English) and Navshakti (Marathi) respectively.
     •    All the data related to Quarterly, Annual Financial Results, Shareholding Pattern, etc. are uploaded on the Company's
          website: www.kolsite.com as required in terms of the said Regulations.
     •    Management Discussion and Analysis Report forms part of the Annual Report
     •    In compliance with Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, section under ‘Investors’ on the Company’s website
          gives information on various announcements made by the Company, status of unclaimed dividend, Annual Report,
          Quarterly/Half yearly and Annual financial results along with the applicable policies of the Company. The Company’s
          official news releases and presentations made to the institutional investors and analysts are also available on the
          Company’s website at www.kolsite.com
     •    Quarterly Compliance Reports on Corporate Governance and other relevant information of interest to the Investors are
          also placed under the Investors Section on the Company’s website.
     •    The corporate presentations of the Company are placed on the Company’s website for the benefit of the institutional
          investors, analysts.
5.   Subsidiary Companies
     The Company did not have any material subsidiary as defined under Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulation. Therefore, the
     requirement to appoint an Independent Director on the Board of a subsidiary as per Regulation 24(1) is not applicable.
     However, to ensure that the Company have oversight over its subsidiary and to comply with other relevant provisions of
     listing regulation, the Company governed its subsidiary through following measures:
     •    Review of financial statement of unlisted subsidiaries by Audit Committee
     •    Placement of Board Minutes of subsidiary companies before the Company’s Board on quarterly basis.
     •    Periodic Reporting to the Board of significant transactions and arrangements entered into by subsidiaries.




46   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 49 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports        |   Financial Statements


6.   General Shareholder Information:

     Day, Date & Time                                     : Wednesday, August 12, 2026 at 2:00 P.M
     Venue                                                : Registered Oﬃce of Company through VC/OAVM
     Financial Year                                       : April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026
     Dividend Payment Date                                : NA
     Record Date                                          : NA

     Reporting of Unaudited/Audited Financial             : In respect of Financial Year 2026-27
     Results                                                From April 01, 2026 to March 31, 2027
     First Quarter Results                                : Before August 14, 2026
     Second Quarter Results with Half Year Results        : Before November 14, 2026
     Third Quarter Results                                : Before February 14, 2027
     Audited Results for FY 2026-27                       : On or before May 30, 2027
     Annual General Meeting for FY 2026-27                : Tentatively by August / September, 2027
     Listing on Stock Exchanges:

     Name                                          Address                                                          Stock Code

     BSE Ltd.                                      Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001         524109

     National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE)   Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G - Block, Bandra - Kurla KABRAEXTRU
                                                   Complex, Bandra (East) Mumbai - 400 051

     The applicable Annual Listing Fees for the Financial Year 2026-27 have been paid to each of the Stock Exchanges, where
     the equity shares of the Company are listed.

     Disclosure for securities that are None of the securities of the Company are suspended from trading during the FY 25-26
     suspended from trading

     Registrar & Transfer Agent           M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited), a
                                          SEBI Registered Transfer Agent attends to all the work related to Share Registry in terms of both
                                          Physical and Electronic mode.

     Address and Contact Details of the C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S Marg, Vikhroli West, Mumbai – 400 083, Maharashtra, India Tel: +91 22
     Transfer Agent                     4918 6270; Fax :- +91 22 4098 6060
                                        E-mail :rnt.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com;
                                        Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com

     Share Transfer System                As mandated by SEBI, the equity shares of the Company can only be issued in dematerialized form
                                          while processing service requests for issue of duplicate securities certificate, claim from Unclaimed
                                          Suspense Account, transmission and transposition, etc. A communication to this effect was sent
                                          to the shareholders. The share transfer activities are carried out by our Registrar & Transfer Agent
                                          and are completed within the specified timelines, provided, all the documents received are in order

     Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2026:

     No. of Equity Shares                Number of               % of Shareholders              Number of                  % of Shares
                                        Shareholders                                             Shares

     Upto 1000                                       26363                       95.21                    3349409                         9.58

     1001-5000                                         1080                        3.90                   2264796                         6.47

     5001-10000                                         126                        0.45                    934496                         2.67

     10001-100000                                        92                        0.33                   2971446                         8.50

     Above 100001                                        30                        0.11                  25452689                        72.78

     Total                                          27691*                         100                   34972836                          100

     * Folio based details



                                                                                                     43rd Annual Report 2025-26           | 47

===== PAGE 50 =====
     Category of Shareholders as on March 31, 2026:
      Sr.     Category                                           Number of             % of            Number of             % of
                                                                  Shares           Shareholding       Shareholders       Shareholding
      No.
       1      Body Corporate - Ltd Liability Partnership                101870                0.29                 11             0.29

       2      Clearing Members                                           49780                0.14                 12             0.14
       3      Corporate Bodies (Promoter Co)                           6808086               19.47                   3           19.47

       4      Foreign Company                                                 0                   0                  0                  0

       5      Foreign Portfolio Investors (Corporate) – I               122831                0.35                   5            0.35

       6      Foreign Portfolio Investors (Corporate) – II                    0                   0                  0                  0

       7      Hindu Undivided Family                                    851932                2.44                744             2.44

       8      Investor Education and Protection Fund                    217274                0.62                   1            0.62

       9      Mutual Funds                                                 4400               0.01                   2            0.01

       10     Non Resident (Non Repatriable)                                  0                   0                  0                  0

       11     Non Resident Indians                                      357401                1.02                523             1.02

       12     Other Bodies Corporate                                   1453984                4.16                119             4.16

       13     Promoters                                               14168026               40.51                   8           40.51

       14     Public                                                   9894609               28.29              25703            28.29

       15     Relatives of promoters (other than "Immediate             942643                2.70                   6            2.70
              relatives" of promoters disclosed under Promoter
              and Promoter Group' category)
              TOTAL :                                                 34972836                100               27137              100

     * PAN based details
     None of the Non-Executive Director, holds Equity Shares of the Company as on March 31, 2026.
     Dematerialization of Shares & Liquidity
     3,48,37,336 (99.61 %) of the equity shares have been dematerialized till March 31, 2026 out of 3,49,72,836 Equity Shares.
     Reconciliation was carried out every quarter and the report thereon were placed before the Board of Directors and submitted
     to the Stock Exchanges in relation to Shareholding in Physical and Electronic mode:
      Mode of Holding                                                              Number of Shares                        % of Shares

      Physical                                                                                1,35,500                            0.39

      Electronic                                                                           3,48,37,336                           99.61

      Total                                                                                3,49,72,836                          100.00

      Outstanding GDRs / ADRs / Warrants or any Convertible There are no outstanding GDRs/ADRs/warrants or any convertible
      Instruments, its date of conversion and likely impact on Equity instruments as on March 31, 2026.
      Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging Forward contracts are booked, as required, to hedge against foreign
      activities                                                exchange exposure.
      Plant Locations                                            Extrusion Division:
                                                                 Kabra Industrial Estate, Kachigam, Daman- 396210
                                                                 259/260/265 (III), Coastal Highway, Dunetha,
                                                                 Daman – 396210
                                                                 GEON Division:
                                                                 Chakan Industrial Area Phase - 2, Plot No. C -22/8, MIDC, Village -
                                                                 Bhamboli, Taluka Khed, Pune - 410501, Maharashtra
     Address for Correspondence:
     Members holding shares in physical form are requested to lodge their application for share transposition, transmission
     and request for changes in their addresses, bank account and mandate etc. with M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited
     (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited) , at C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S Marg, Vikhroli West, Mumbai - 400 083 and
     for the queries on Annual Report and Dividend, Members are requested to write to the Company at 1001, Fortune Terraces,
     'B' Wing, New Link Road, Andheri (West), Mumbai – 400053.

48   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 51 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports      |   Financial Statements


     Designated email id for investors: ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com
     Credit Rating obtained by the entity along with any revisions thereto during the relevant financial year:
     The Credit Rating of the Company obtained from CRISIL along with the revisions during the financial year 2025-26 is as
     under:
     Type of Credit Rating             Upto 5th April, 2025              W.e.f. 13th May, 2026             Reason for revision
     Long Term Rating         CRISIL A/Negative (Downgraded        CRISIL A-/Stable (Downgraded       Basis performance reported for
                              from ‘Crisil A+/Negative)            from ‘CRISIL A/Negative’)          Quarter 3
     Short Term Rating        CRISIL A1 (Reaffirmed)               CRISIL A2+ (Downgraded from        Basis performance reported for
                                                                   ‘CRISIL A1’)                       Quarter 3
7.   Disclosures:
•    Disclosures on materially significant related party transactions that may have potential conflict with the interests
     of listed entity at large:
     Disclosure of the Related Party Transactions have been made in the Annual Report as a Note to the Financial Statements.
     During the year under review, there were no materially signiﬁcant related party transactions that may have potential conﬂict
     with the interests of the Company at large.
     All transactions entered into with the related parties are in the ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length basis.
     The details of transactions with the related parties are tabled before the audit committee on a quarterly basis. Certain
     transactions repetitive in nature were approved through omnibus route by the Audit Committee. The register of contracts
     containing the transactions in which the Directors are interested was placed regularly before the Board.
     Policy on dealing with Related Party Transactions is available at
     https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/08.NEW-KET-RPT-POLICY.pdf
•    Details of non-compliance by the listed entity, penalties, strictures imposed on the listed entity by stock exchange(s)
     or the board or any statutory authority, on any matter related to capital markets, during the last three years:
     There are no penalties or strictures imposed on the Company by the Stock Exchanges or SEBI or any statutory authorities
     relating to the above. There were no instances of non-compliance of any matter related to the capital market during the last
     three (3) years.
•    Details of establishment of vigil mechanism/ whistle blower policy, and Vigil mechanism/ Whistle blower policy
     affirmation that no personnel has been denied access to the audit committee:
     Pursuant to Section 177 (9) and (10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and said Regulations, the Company has a Whistle-
     Blower Policy for establishing a vigil mechanism for Directors and employees to report genuine concerns regarding unethical
     behaviour, actual or suspected fraud or violation of the Company's Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy. It is aﬃrmed that
     no employee of the Company was denied access to the Audit Committee. The Policy has been uploaded on website of the
     Company at the link https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/Vigil-mechanism-whistle-blower-policy_.pdf
•    Details of compliance with mandatory requirements and adoption of the non-mandatory requirements:
     The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements of the Listing Regulations relating to Corporate Governance.
     The Company has also ensured the implementation of non-mandatory items such as:
     a)    Unmodified audit opinions / reporting
     b)    Internal auditor reporting directly to the audit committee
•    Details of material subsidiaries of the listed entity; including the date and place of incorporation and the name
     and date of appointment of the statutory auditors of such subsidiaries and web link where policy for determining
     ‘material’ subsidiaries is disclosed
     During the year under review, the Company did not have any material subsidiary company in terms of Regulation 16 of the
     Listing Regulations.
     The Policy for determining material subsidiaries has been uploaded on the Company’s website at
     https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/Material%20Subsidiaries%20Policy.pdf
•    Disclosure of commodity price risks and commodity hedging activities:
     Foreign Currency Transactions were carried out on actual basis and against forward contract booked for the purpose of
     hedging the exchange ﬂuctuation risks. The Company does not hedge in commodity prices.
•    Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement as specified
     under Regulation 32(7A):
     The Company has raised total funds of Rs.101.02 crore on allotment of equity shares (upon conversion of 13,81,730
     warrants into equity at a price of Rs.329/- each including premium of Rs.324/-) per warrants through preferential issue from
     promoter group and Investors.


                                                                                                 43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 49

===== PAGE 52 =====
     As on March 31, 2026, the entire proceeds raised through the preferential issue have been fully utilized i.e. Rs. 101.02 crores
     and there was no deviation or variation in utilization of funds pursuant to Regulation 32 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations,
     2015.
•    Certificate from Company Secretary in Practice:
     Certificate as required under Part C of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, received from Mr. Saurabh Somani (CP No.:
     26495), Partner of Bhandari & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, that none of the Directors on the Board of the
     Company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed and/or continuing as Directors of the Company by the
     SEBI/MCA or any such statutory authority is annexed as part of this Report.
•    Details where the board had not accepted any recommendation of any committee of the board which is mandatorily
     required, in the relevant financial year, the same to be disclosed along with reasons thereof: None
•    Fees to Statutory Auditor
     Total fees for all services paid by the Company on a consolidated basis, to the Statutory Auditor and all entities in the network
     ﬁrm / network entity of which statutory auditor is a part, for all service rendered in FY 25-26: ₹ 14.96 Lakhs per annum.
•    Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)
     Act, 2013
     There was no complaint of sexual harassment received during the year under review.

      Number of complaints of sexual harassment Number of complaints disposed                            Number of cases pending for
      received in the year                      off during the year                                      more than ninety day
      Nil                                             Nil                                                Nil

•    Disclosure by listed entity and its subsidiaries of ‘Loans and advances in the nature of loans to firms/companies in
     which directors are interested by name and amount: Company has invested in CCD’s of ₹ 318 Lakhs during the year in
     the Varos Technology Private Limited, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the outstanding balance as on March
     31, 2026 is ₹ 1,294.25 Lakhs
     Transfer of shares to the IEPF Authority:
     Pursuant to applicable provision of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the IEPF (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund)
     Rules, 2016 (“IEPF Rules”), all unpaid or unclaimed dividends that remain in the unpaid/unclaimed dividend account for a
     period of seven consecutive years are required to be transferred by the Company along with interest accrued, if any, to the
     IEPF Authority.
     Further, according to the IEPF Rules, the underlying shares in respect of which such dividend has remained unpaid or
     unclaimed by the shareholders for seven consecutive years or more shall also transferred to the demat account of the IEPF
     Authority.
     The details of the unclaimed dividends and shares transferred to IEPF for FY 25-26 are as follows:

      Financial Year                                                             Amount of Unclaimed     Number of shares transferred
                                                                                 Dividend Transferred
      2017-2018                                                                           2,94,906.00                              9,563

     Members can claim the dividends and shares from the IEPF Authority by submitting an online application in the prescribed
     web form No. IEPF -5 available on the website www.iepf.gov.in. No claim shall lie against the Company in respect of the
     dividends/shares so transferred.
     Details of Dividend in the unpaid/unclaimed Dividend Account as on March 31, 2026 & their respective due dates for
     transfer to Investors Education & Protection Fund (IEPF) are as under:
      Date of declaration of Dividend at AGM                  Dividend for the        Rate of Dividend         Month & Year of proposed
                                                               Financial Year                                      transfer to IEPF
      March 11, 2020*                                            2019-2020                 30%             April, 2027

      July 30, 2021                                              2020-2021                 50%             August, 2028

      September 22, 2022                                         2021-2022                 60%             October, 2029

      July 21, 2023                                              2022-2023                 70%             August, 2030

      July 19, 2024                                              2023-2024                 70%             August, 2031

      July 16, 2025                                              2024-2025                 50%             August, 2032

     * paid as Interim Dividend and regularized as final dividend at respective AGMs
     The Company recommends shareholders to encash / claim their respective dividend within the period given above from the
     Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agents.

50   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 53 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


     Unclaimed Suspense Account:
     Disclosure with respect to Demat Suspense Account/Unclaimed Suspense Account as required under Schedule 5(F) of
     the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 in respect of changes during FY 2025-26 is
     presented hereunder:
     Particulars                                                                                     Number of              Number of
                                                                                                    Shareholders           Equity Shares
     a)    Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding Unclaimed Suspense Account
           as on April 01, 2025                                                                               6                         2100
     b)    Number of shareholders who approached the Company for transfer of shares from the
           Unclaimed Suspense Account during the year                                                         -                             -
     c)    Number of shareholders to whom the shares were Unclaimed Suspense Account
           during the year                                                                                    -                             -
     d)    Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding Unclaimed Suspense Account
           as on March 31, 2026                                                                               6                         2100
     e)    It is hereby conﬁrmed that the voting rights on these shares shall remain frozen till the rightful owner of such shares claims the
           shares.
     SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES):
     Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) administers a centralized web based complaints redress system (SCORES).
     It enables investors to lodge and follow-up complaints and track the status of redressal online on the website of SEBI at
     https://scores.sebi.gov.in/ The Company has registered itself on SCORES and endeavours to resolve all investor complaints
     received through SCORES or otherwise within 15 days of the receipt of the complaint. During the year, the company has
     received two (2) complaint through SCORES and same were dispose off within time.
     Disclosure of the Compliance with Corporate Governance
     The Company has complied with the requirements as specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and Regulations 46 of the SEBI
     Listing Regulations to the extent applicable.
     Disclosure of certain types of agreements binding listed entities
     There are no agreements that require disclosure under clause 5A of paragraph A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing
     Regulations.
     CEO & CFO Certification
     As required by Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the CEO and CFO Certificate to the Company’s
     Board is annexed to this Report.


                                                                                                           For and on behalf of the Board


Place : Mumbai                                                                                                          Anand Kabra
Date: May 28, 2026                                                                                      Chairman and Managing Director
                                                                                                                      (DIN: 00016010)




                                                                                                    43rd Annual Report 2025-26          | 51

===== PAGE 54 =====
                   CEO & CFO CERTIFICATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT AND CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                 FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026
              Under Regulation 17 (8) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
We, the undersigned, in our respective capacities as Interim Chief Financial Officer; and Chairman and Managing Director of
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Ltd. (“the Company”) to the best of our knowledge and belief certify that:
A.     We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 and that to
       the best of our knowledge and belief:
       i.     these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that
              might be misleading;
       ii.    these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company's affairs and are in compliance with existing
              accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
B.     There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the said year which
       are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company's code of conduct
C.     We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated
       the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the
       Auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are
       aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
D.     We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee
       i.     significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;
       ii.    significant changes in accounting policies during the year, if any, and that the same have been disclosed in the notes
              to the financial statements; and
       iii.   instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management
              or an employee having a significant role in the listed entity's internal control system over financial reporting.


CFO (Interim)                          Chairman and Managing Director
Uttam Singh                            Anand Kabra
                                       DIN : 00016010


Place: Mumbai
Date: May 28, 2026

                          DECLARATION ON COMPLIANCE OF THE COMPANY'S CODE OF CONDUCT
The Company has framed a Code of Conduct for the Members of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management personnel
of the Company pursuant to SEBI Listing Regulations to further strengthen corporate governance practice in the Company. They
have affirmed compliance with the said Code, as applicable to them for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026.
                                                                                                         For and on behalf of the Board
Place : Mumbai
Date : May 28, 2026

                                       Anand S. Kabra                                                                   Ekta A. Kabra
                           Chairman & Managing Director                                           Vice-Chairperson & Managing Director
                                         DIN:00016010                                                                  DIN : 07088898


                                 COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and Clauses (b) to (i) of Sub-
regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, and has also fulfilled the following discretionary requirements:
(i)    The Internal Auditor reports to the Audit Committee.
(ii)   The financial statements of the Company are with unmodified audit opinion.


                                                                                                         For and on behalf of the Board
Place : Mumbai
Date : May 28, 2026
                                       Anand S. Kabra                                                                   Ekta A. Kabra
                           Chairman & Managing Director                                           Vice-Chairperson & Managing Director
                                         DIN:00016010                                                                  DIN : 07088898

52     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 55 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports      |   Financial Statements


                           INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ CERTIFICATE ON COMPLIANCE WITH THE
                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS UNDER SEBI
                            (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015


To,
The Members of
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited,


Background
This certificate is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement letter.
We are to examine the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (“the Company”),
for the year ended 31 March 2026, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D
and E of Schedule V of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 as amended from time to time (“Listing Regulations”).
Management’s Responsibility
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under the listing regulations is the responsibility of the
Company’s management including the preparation and maintenance of all the relevant records and documents. This responsibility
includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the
conditions of Corporate Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance
of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of
the Company. Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance
whether the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year
ended 31 March 2026.
We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance compliance by the Company in accordance with the Guidance
Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance
both issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”), in so far as applicable for the purpose of this
certificate. The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.
We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms
that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.
Opinion
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that the Company has
complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing Regulations.
We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Restriction on use
The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling the Company to
comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not be used by any other person or for any other purpose.
Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom
this certificate is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

                                                                                                       For Kirtane & Pandit LLP
                                                                                                          Chartered Accountants
                                                                                        Firm Registration No.105215W/W100057

                                                                                                          Akshay B. Purandare
                                                                                                                       Partner
                                                                                                       Membership No.: 141984
                                                                                                    UDIN: 2614198400PIQY2132
Mumbai, May 28, 2026




                                                                                             43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 53

===== PAGE 56 =====
                                           Certificate of Non-Disqualification of Directors
       [Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and clause 10(i) of Para C of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India
                               (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]


To,
The Members of
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
1001, Fortune Terraces, 10th Floor,
Opp. Citi Mall, New Link Road,
Andheri West, Mumbai – 400053

We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Kabra Extrusion
Technik Limited having CIN: L28900MH1982PLC028535 and having its registered office at 1001, Fortune Terraces, 10th Floor,
Opp. Citi Mall, New Link Road, Andheri (West), Mumbai– 400053, Maharashtra (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced
before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with clause 10(i)
of Para C of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015.


In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (‘DIN’)
status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company & its officers,
we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ended March
31, 2026 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and
Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other Statutory Authority.

     Sr. No.   Name of Director                                                  DIN                   Date of Appointment
       1       Mr. Anand Shreevallabh Kabra                                   00016010                     June 19, 2003
       2       Mrs. Ekta Anand Kabra                                          07088898                     May 16, 2017
       3       Mr. Boman Khushroo Moradian                                    00242123                     May 16, 2017
       4       Mrs. Chitra Andrade                                            08090478                    March 05, 2021
       5       Mr. Utpal Hemendra Sheth                                       00081012                    August 20, 2021
       6       Mr. Munjal Nikunj Kapadia                                      00876921                    August 07, 2025
       7       Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra*                                         00090596                  September 11, 2025

Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the
Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as
to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs
of the Company.
* Ceased as an Independent Director w.e.f. August 26, 2025, and was appointed as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director
w.e.f. September 11, 2025.


                                                                                                        For Bhandari & Associates
                                                                                                               Company Secretaries
                                                                                         Unique Identification No.: P1981MH043700
                                                                                            Peer Review Certificate No.: 6157/2024


                                                                                                                 Saurabh Somani
                                                                                                                           Partner
                                                                                                    ACS No.: 69826; C P No.: 26495
Mumbai, May 28, 2026                                                                               ICSI UDIN: A069826H000513225




54     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 57 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements



INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
To,
The Members of Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
Report on the Audit of Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the Standalone Financial Statements of Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (“the Company”), which comprises
the Standalone Balance Sheet as at 31st March 2026, the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss (including the Statement of
Other Comprehensive Income), the Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity, the Standalone Statement of Cash Flows for
the year ended on that date and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of material accounting policies and other
explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “the Standalone Financial Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid Standalone Financial
Statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013,as amended (“the Act”) in the manner so required and
give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act read with
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally accepted
in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at 31st March 2026, its loss, other comprehensive income changes in equity and
its cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified
under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the
Company in accordance with the ‘Code of Ethics’ issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together with the
ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements under the provisions of the Companies
Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements
and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the Standalone
Financial Statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the Standalone Financial
Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

 Sr.
                             Key audit matters                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 No.
 A.    Revenue Recognition                                            Our audit procedures to assess the revenue recognition
       The company recognizes revenue from sale of goods and services includes the following:
       measured at the amount of transaction price (net of variable i.             Testing of the design and implementation of
       consideration), when it satisfies its performance obligation at             controls involved in the determination of the
       a point in time which is when products are delivered to buyer               estimates used as well as their operating
       whereas sale of services includes maintenance services provided             effectiveness;
       to various customers. Accordingly, revenue recognizes when all ii.          Testing a sample of Pos and SLA for appropriate
       significant risk and rewards of ownership of goods are passed on            identification of performance obligations and
       to the customer.                                                            verification of contract value;
                                                                          iii.     For the sample selected, matching the revenue,
                                                                                   actual invoices recorded and actual cost incurred
                                                                                   against each project on the basis of which
                                                                                   revenue is recognized;
                                                                          iv.      Evaluated the process followed by the
                                                                                   management for revenue recognition including
                                                                                   understanding and testing of key controls related
                                                                                   to recognition of revenue in correct period
                                                                          v.       Performed analytical procedures for reasonable-
                                                                                   ness of revenues disclosed by type and
                                                                                   service offerings and we have ensured that the
                                                                                   disclosures provided in notes are in accordance
                                                                                   with the Ind AS 115 and Companies Act, 2013.



                                                                                                43rd Annual Report 2025-26     | 55

===== PAGE 58 =====
 Sr.
                               Key audit matters                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 No.
 B.     Valuation of Inventory                                        Our audit procedures to assess the valuation of
        Refer to Note 7 of the Standalone Financial Statements, where inventory includes the following:
        inventory forms a significant part of company’s assets as on 31st i.       Attending the stock counts at locations to observe
        March, 2026.                                                               the stock count process and evaluate the
        Inventory is comprised of raw material and work in progress which          condition of site work in progress.
        are valued as per IND AS 2.                                       ii.      Testing the valuation methods used by the
                                                                                   management in valuation of raw material and
        We focus on this area because of its size, the assumptions used
                                                                                   work in progress.
        in valuation and the complexity of the project completion, which
        are relevant while determining the amounts recorded.             iii.      Comparing on sample basis specific purchases
                                                                                   with underlying supporting documents.
                                                                           iv.     Evaluating the appropriateness of the basis
                                                                                   and processes used by the Management in
                                                                                   determining the net realizable value of work in
                                                                                   progress and cost for the raw material.
 C.     Contingent Liability                                          Our procedures included, but were not limited to, the
        The Company has duties and taxes litigations that are pending following:
        with various tax authorities. Whether a liability is recognized •          Obtained an understanding from the management
        or disclosed as a contingent liability in the financial statements         with respect to process and controls followed by
        is inherently judgmental and dependent on assumptions and                  the Company for identification and monitoring
        assessments. We placed specific focus on the judgements in                 of significant developments in relation to the
        respect to these demands against the Company. Determining                  litigations, including completeness thereof.
        the amount, if any, to be recognized or disclosed in the financial •       Obtained the list of litigations from the
        statements, is inherently subjective. Therefore, it is considered to       management and reviewed their assessment of
        be a key audit matter.                                                     the likelihood of outflow of economic resources
        (Refer Note 41(a) to Standalone Financial Statements)                      being probable, possible or remote in respect of
                                                                                   the litigations.
                                                                           •       Assessed management’s discussions held
                                                                                   with their legal consultants and understanding
                                                                                   precedents in similar cases;
                                                                           •       Our own assessment on the adequacy and
                                                                                   appropriateness of the disclosures made by the
                                                                                   management in the financial statements.
Information Other than the Standalone Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report thereon
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Director’s Report, but does not include the Standalone Financial Statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.
Our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Standalone Financial Statements or our
knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We
have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibility of Management and those charged with governance for the Standalone Financial Statements
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Companies
Act, 2013 (“the Act”) with respect to the preparation of these Standalone Financial Statements that give a true and fair view of
the financial position, financial performance (including other comprehensive income), changes in equity and cash flows of the
Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind
AS) specified under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies ( Indian Accounting Standards) Rules 2015 , as amended.
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act
for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and
application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design,
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy
and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Standalone Financial Statements
that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

56     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 59 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


In preparing the Standalone Financial Statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Standalone Financial Statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
Standalone Financial Statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout
the audit. We also:
•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or error,
     design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
     to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
     one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override
     of internal control.
•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
     the circumstances.
•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by management.
•    Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
     evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
     the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to
     draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Standalone Financial Statements or, if such disclosures
     are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
     auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Standalone Financial Statements, including the disclosures,
     and whether the Standalone Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
     achieves fair presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the Standalone Financial Statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes
it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the Standalone Financial Statements may be
influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating
the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the Standalone Financial Statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.   As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central Government in terms of
     Section 143(11) of the Act, we give in “Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order.
2.   As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit we report that:
     a)    We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were
           necessary for the purpose of our audit;
     b)    In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from
           our examination of those books.
     c)    The Standalone Balance Sheet, the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss including the Statement of Other
           Comprehensive Income, Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity and the Standalone Statement of Cash Flow
           dealt with by this report are in agreement with the relevant books of account;

                                                                                               43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 57

===== PAGE 60 =====
     d)    In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone Financial Statements comply with the Ind AS specified under Section 133 of
           the Act, read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended;
     e)    On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on 31st March 2026 taken on record by the
           Board of Directors, none of the directors are disqualified as on 31st March 2026 from being appointed as a director in
           terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
     f)    Based on our examination of the books of accounts, there are no qualification, reservation or adverse remark relating
           to the maintenance of accounts and other matters connected therewith on reporting under Rule 11(g);
     g)    With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements
           of the Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in Annexure B.
     h)    As required by section 197(16) of the Act; in our opinion and according to information and explanation provided to us,
           the remuneration paid/provided by the company to its directors for the current year is in accordance with the provisions
           of section 197 of the Act and remuneration paid/provided to directors is not in excess of the limit laid down under this
           section.
           i)     With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the
                  Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information and
                  according to the explanations given to us:
           i.     The Standalone Financial Statements disclose the impact of pending litigations on the financial position of the
                  company– Refer Note 41(a) to the Standalone Financial Statement.
           ii.    The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any
                  material foreseeable losses.
           iii.   There has been no delay in transferring the amounts required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and
                  Protection Fund by the Company.
           iv.    With respect to clause (e) of Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended:
                  a.   The Management has represented to us that, to the best of its knowledge and belief other than as disclosed
                       in notes to accounts to the Standalone Financial Statements if any , no funds have been advanced or
                       loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds)
                       by the company to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with
                       the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly
                       or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf
                       of the company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
                       Ultimate Beneficiaries
                  b.   The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds have been
                       received by the company from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”),
                       with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the company shall, whether, directly
                       or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf
                       of the Funding party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
                       Ultimate Beneficiaries; and
                  c.   Based on audit procedures, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the
                       representations under sub-clause (a) and (b) contain any material misstatement.
     v.    The final dividend paid by the Company during the year in respect to the previous year is in accordance with section
           123 of the Companies Act 2013 to the extent it applies to payment of dividend.
     vi.   Based on our examination which included test checks, the company has used ERP for maintaining its books of account
           for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 which has feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same
           has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software system.
           Further, we did not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered with and the audit trail has been
           preserved by the company incorporated in India as per the statutory requirement for record retention.
                                                                                                         For Kirtane & Pandit LLP
                                                                                                            Chartered Accountants
                                                                                          Firm Registration No.105215W/W100057

                                                                                                            Akshay B. Purandare
                                                                                                                         Partner
Place: Mumbai                                                                                            Membership No.: 141984
Date: May 28, 2026                                                                                  UDIN: 26141984DPWZQZ2443




58   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 61 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


ANNEXURE A TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
The annexure referred to in paragraph 1 in Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements of the Independent
Auditors’ Report to the members of the Company on the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31st March
2026, we report that:
(i)     a.    (A)   The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars including quantitative details and situation
                    of Property, Plant and Equipment.
              (B)   The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of Intangible Assets.
        b.    The Company has a regular program of physical verification of property, plant and equipment wherein all items of
              property, plant and equipment are verified once in every 3 years period, which is reasonable with regard to the size of
              the Company and nature of its assets. No discrepancies were noticed during such verification.
        c.    According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the
              Company, the title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than properties where the company is the lessee and
              the lease agreements are duly executed in favor of the lessee) as disclosed in the Standalone Financial Statements
              are held in the name of the Company.
        d.    According to the information and explanation given to us the Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and
              Equipment (PPE) (including Right of use assets) & intangible assets during the year. Accordingly, reporting under
              Paragraph 3(i) (d) of the Order regarding Revaluation of PPE and intangible assets is not applicable.
        e.    According to the information and explanation provided to us and as represented to us by the management no
              proceedings have been initiated or are pending against the company for holding any benami property under the
              Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (As amended in 2016) and rules made there under. Accordingly reporting
              under Paragraph 3(i)(e) is not applicable.
(ii)    a.    The inventory has been physically verified by the Management during the year. In our opinion, the frequency, coverage
              and the procedure of such verification is reasonable and appropriate. The discrepancies noticed on verification between
              the physical stocks and the book records were not 10% or more in the aggregate for each class of inventory and have
              properly dealt with in the books of accounts.
        b.    According to the information and explanation given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the
              Company, the Company has been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five crore rupees, from banks on the
              basis of security of current assets. In our opinion, the quarterly returns or statement filed by the Company with such
              banks are in agreement with the books of account of the Company.
(iii)   According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company,
        the Company has not provided any guarantee or security or granted any advances in the nature of loans other than loans
        to employees, secured or unsecured to companies, firms, limited liability partnership or any other parties during the year.
        Further as informed to us the Company has not made any investment, not provided any guarantees or not provided security
        in connection with the loan during the year. Accordingly, paragraph 3(iii)(a), 3(iii)(c), 3(iii)(d), 3(iii)(e), 3(iii)(f) of the Order is
        not applicable. With respect to reporting under 3(iii)(b) in respect loans and advances given to employees as per company’s
        policy does not prima facie appears to prejudicial to the company’s interest of the Company.
(iv)    There are no loans, investments, guarantees and security in respect of which provisions of Section 185 and 186 of the
        Companies Act, 2013 are applicable and accordingly, the requirement to report on Clause 3(iv) of the Order is not applicable
        to the Company.
(v)     In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not accepted any deposits
        or amounts which are deemed to be deposits from the public, hence the directives issued by the Reserve Bank of India and
        provisions of Section 73 to 76 or any other relevant provisions of the Act and the rules framed there under, are not applicable.
        Further, according to the information and explanations given to us, no order in this respect has been passed by the Company
        Law Board or National Company Law Tribunal or Reserve Bank of India or any Court or any other Tribunals. Accordingly,
        reporting under Paragraph 3(v) of the Order is not applicable.
(vi)    We have broadly reviewed the books of accounts maintained by the company pursuant to the rules prescribed the Central
        Government for maintenance of Cost Records under section 148(1) of the Act in respect of its manufactured goods and
        services provided by it and are of the opinion that prima facie, the prescribed accounts and records have been made and
        maintained. However, we have not carried out a detailed examination of the records with a view to determine whether these
        are accurate or complete.
(vii) a.      According to the information and explanations given to us and the records of the Company examined by us, in our
              opinion, the Company is generally regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues in respect of Income Tax (Tax
              Deducted at Source), Goods and Services Tax, provident fund, employees’ state insurance, sales tax, service tax,
              income tax, duty of customs, duty of excise, value added tax, cess and other material statutory dues, as applicable,
              with the appropriate authorities
              According to the information and explanations given to us, no undisputed amounts payable in respect of statutory dues
              were in arrears as at 31st March 2026 for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable except
              for the one mentioned below:


                                                                                                        43rd Annual Report 2025-26         | 59

===== PAGE 62 =====
       1. Reverse Charge Mechanism (RCM) liability pertaining to Parinam Law Associates amounting to Rs. 33,520 for the month
       of July 2025 remains outstanding for a period exceeding six months from the date it became payable.
       b.   According to the information and explanations given to us and the records of the Company examined by us, statutory
            dues relating to Goods and Service Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State Insurance, Income Tax, Duty of Customs
            or Cess or other statutory dues which have not been deposited on account of any dispute are as follows:

             Name of the Statue     Nature of the dues          Amount*        Period to which the Forum where dispute is
                                                              (₹ in Lakhs)       amount relates          pending
             Goods and Service     CENVAT on ocean                 2.25               2017-18         Original Adjudicating
             Tax Act, 2017         freight                                                            Authority
             Goods and Service     E-way Bill Discrepancy          9.24               2018-19         The Commissioner of
             Tax Act, 2017                                                                            Customs
             Goods and Service     Delayed RCM                     5.03            2019-20 & 21       Commissioner (Appeal)
             Tax Act, 2017         Compliance
             Goods and Service     Excess Stock                  165.72               2025-26         Additional Commissioner
             Tax Act, 2017         Discrepancy                                                        Grade-II Appeal
             Income Tax Act,       U/s 35(2AB) of IT Act         125.85              2013-2014        The Commissioner of
             1961                                                                                     Income Tax (Appeals)
             Income Tax Act,       Order U/s.154 LTCG             70.21              2018-2019        Asst Director of Income
             1961                                                                                     Tax
             Income Tax Act,       Order U/s.154 -               101.09              2021-2022        Director of Income Tax
             1961                  Mismatch in Tax Audit
                                   Report & ITR
             Income Tax Act,       Order U/s.154 -                24.75              2022-2023        Director of Income Tax
             1961                  Mismatch in Interest
                                   U/s.234B & 234C
             Customs Act, 1962     Appeals filed against           1.43              2021-2022        Joint Commissioner
                                   the Order in Original                                              of Customs
(viii) According to the information and explanations given to us and as represented by the Management, there are no transactions
       which are not recorded in the books of account, and which have been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year
       in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961.
(ix)   Based on representation given by the management of the company and according to the information and explanations given
       to us-
       a.   The Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or other borrowings or in the payment of interest thereon to any
            lender as at the balance sheet date.
       b.   We report that the Company has not been declared willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government
            or any government authority.
       c.   According to the information and explanation given to us by the Management and on the basis of our examination of
            the records of the Company, the term loans were applied for the purpose for which the loans were obtained.
       d.   According to the information and explanations given to us by the Management funds raised on short term basis have
            not been utilized for long term purposes.
       e.   According to the information and explanations given to us by the Management the Company has not taken any funds
            from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its associates.
       f.   According to the information and explanations given to us by the Management the Company has not raised loans
            during the year on the pledge of securities held in its associate companies.
(x)    a.   The Company has not raised money by way of initial public offer or further public offer (including debt instruments)
            during the year. Accordingly, reporting under Paragraph 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable.
       b.   The Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or fully or partly paid convertible
            debentures during the year and hence reporting under Paragraph 3 (x)(b) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xi)   a. No fraud by the Company or on the Company has been noticed or reported during the year.
       b.   During the year, no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 has been filed by us in
            Form ADT-4 as prescribed under Rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government.
       c.   As represented to us by the Management, there are no whistle blower complaints received by the Company during the
            year.



60     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 63 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


(xii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi Company.
      Accordingly, reporting under Paragraph 3(xii) of the Order is not applicable.
(xiii) According to the information and explanation given to us and based on our examination of the records of the Company,
       transaction with the related parties are in compliance with Sections 177 and 188 of the Act, where applicable, and the
       details of transactions have been disclosed in the Standalone Financial Statements as required by Ind AS 24 ‘Related Party
       Disclosures’.
(xiv) The Company has an internal audit system and is required to have an internal system under the provisions of Section 138
      of the Companies Act, 2013. Also, we have taken into consideration the reports made available to us by the Management of
      the Internal Auditors for the period under audit.
(xv) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us by the Management the Company has not
     entered into any non-cash transactions with its directors or persons connected with him. Accordingly, the provisions of
     Paragraph 3(xv) of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
(xvi) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us:
      a.    The Company is not required to be registered under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.
      b.    According to the information and explanations given to us and procedures performed by us, we report that the Company
            has not conducted any Non-Banking Financial or Housing Finance activities during the year. Therefore, reporting
            under Paragraph 3(xvi)(b) of the order is not applicable.
      c.    The company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) as defined in the regulations made by the Reserve Bank of
            India. Accordingly, reporting under Paragraph 3(xvi)(c) of the Order is not applicable.
      d.    There is no Core Investment Company as a part of the Group, hence, the requirement to report on Clause 3(xvi)(d) of
            the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xvii) The Company has not incurred any cash loss during the financial year ended on 31st March 2026 and the immediately
       preceding financial year. Accordingly, reporting under Paragraph 3(xvii) of the Order is not applicable.
(xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year. Accordingly, reporting on Clause 3 (xviii) of the Order
        is not applicable.
(xix) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing
      and expected dates of realization of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the
      financial statement, our knowledge of the Board of Directors and the Management plans and based on our examination of
      the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material
      uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date
      of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet. We, however, state that this
      is not an assurance as to the future viability of the company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to
      the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period
      of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the company as and when they fall due.
(xx) a.     There is no unspent amount which was required to be transferred to a Fund specified in Schedule VII Companies act
            in compliance with second proviso to sub-section (5) of section 135 of the Companies act, accordingly reporting under
            paragraph 3(xx)(a) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
      b.    In our opinion and according to the information and explanation given to us, in respect of ongoing project, the Company
            had an unspent amount of Rs. 8,94,000 which has been transferred to a special account in compliance of provision to
            a special account in compliance of provision of sub-section (6) of section 135 of Companies Act, 2013.
(xxi) The reporting under clause 3(xxi) of the order is not applicable in respect of audit of standalone Financial Statements of the
      Company. No comments have been included in respect of said clause in this report.


                                                                                                           For Kirtane & Pandit LLP
                                                                                                              Chartered Accountants
                                                                                            Firm Registration No.105215W/W100057

                                                                                                              Akshay B. Purandare
                                                                                                                           Partner
Place: Mumbai                                                                                              Membership No.: 141984
Date: May 28, 2026                                                                                    UDIN: 26141984DPWZQZ2443




                                                                                                 43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 61

===== PAGE 64 =====
ANNEXURE B TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
Report on the Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting Under Clause Financial Clause (i) of Subsection 3 of
Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“The Act”)

(Referred to in paragraph 2(g) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ of our report of even date)

Opinion

In conjunction with our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements of Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (the Company) as of
and for the year ended March 31, 2026; we have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the company
incorporated in India, as of that date.

In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the Company, which is incorporated
in India, has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting and such internal
financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2026 based on the internal control over
financial reporting criteria established by these entities considering the essential components of internal control stated in the
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants
of India (“the Guidance Note”).

Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls

The respective Board of Directors of the Company are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls
based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by these entities, considering the essential components of
internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute
of Chartered Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate
internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including
adherence to respective Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors,
the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required
under the Companies Act, 2013.

Auditor’s Responsibility

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our audit. We
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the
Standards on Auditing prescribed under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of
internal financial controls. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was
established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.

Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system
over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the company’s internal financial controls system over financial reporting.

Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of standalone financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that

(1)   pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
      of the assets of the company;

(2)   provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of standalone financial
      statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
      are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and

(3)   provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
      company’s assets that could have a material effect on the standalone financial statements.




62    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 65 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting

Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or
improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also,
projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that
the internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


                                                                                                           For Kirtane & Pandit LLP
                                                                                                              Chartered Accountants
                                                                                            Firm Registration No.105215W/W100057

                                                                                                              Akshay B. Purandare
                                                                                                                           Partner
Place: Mumbai                                                                                              Membership No.: 141984
Date: May 28, 2026                                                                                    UDIN: 26141984DPWZQZ2443




                                                                                                 43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 63

===== PAGE 66 =====
Standalone Balance sheet as at 31 March 2026
                                                                                                                         (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                                                 As at                As at
Particulars                                                                             Note
                                                                                                         31 March 2026        31 March 2025
ASSETS
Non-current assets
(a)    Property, plant and equipment                                                     2A                  23,491.92            19,213.23
(b)    Capital work-in-progress                                                          2B                     912.27             5,034.55
(c)    Intangible assets                                                                 2C                     174.66               293.14
(d)    Intangibles Assets Under Development                                              2D                     308.59                    -
(e)    Right of Use Assets                                                               2E                     371.48               231.34
(f)    Financial assets
       (i)   Investments                                                                 3                    3,101.87             3,694.02
       (ii)  Other financial assets                                                      4                      556.06               194.52
(g)    Income tax assets (net)                                                           5                           -                    -
(h)    Other non-current assets                                                          6                    1,202.56               439.91
Total Non-current assets                                                                                     30,119.41            29,100.70
Current assets
(a)    Inventories                                                                       7                   28,538.08            29,014.77
(b)    Financial assets
       (i)   Investments                                                                  8                   2,258.74             5,349.26
       (ii)  Trade receivables                                                            9                   7,998.99             9,091.70
       (iii) Cash and cash equivalents                                                   10                     197.17               194.92
       (iv) Bank balances other than (iii) mentioned above                              10A                     103.54               556.14
       (v)   Loans                                                                       11                      83.36                74.24
       (vi) Other financial assets                                                       12                     323.48               345.53
(c)    Income tax assets (net)                                                                                  370.86                    -
(d)    Other current assets                                                              13                   7,378.19             5,227.30
Total Current assets                                                                                         47,252.41            49,853.88
TOTAL ASSETS                                                                                                 77,371.83            78,954.58
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
(a)    Equity share capital                                                              14                   1,748.64             1,748.64
(b)    Other equity                                                                      15                  42,989.06            44,786.66
Total Equity                                                                                                 44,737.69            46,535.29
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
(a)    Provisions                                                                        16                    423.28                662.35
(b)    Financial Liabilties
       (i)   Borrowings                                                                  17                       5.83                16.89
       (ii)  Lease Liabilities                                                          17(a)                   139.46               155.74
(c)    Deferred tax liabilities (net)                                                     5                     670.18               817.66
(d)    Other Non-current liabilities                                                    16(a)                   840.53               840.53
Total Non-current liabilities                                                                                 2,079.28             2,493.17
Current liabilities
(a)    Financial liabilities
       (i)   Borrowings                                                                  17                  14,102.70            12,561.75
       (ii)  Lease Liabilities                                                          17(a)                   257.23                87.34
       (iiI) Trade Payable
             (a) Total outstanding dues of Micro,Small and Medium Enterprises            18                    219.74                309.88
             (b) Total outstanding dues other than Micro, Small and Medium
                                                                                         18                  6,269.939             7,094.07
                  Enterprises
       (iv) Other financial liabilities                                                  19                   1,693.10             1,580.45
(b)    Other current liabilities                                                         20                   7,273.74             7,533.86
(c)    Provisions                                                                        21                     738.40               646.18
(d)    Income tax liabilities (net)                                                                                  -               112.60
Total Current liabilities                                                                                    30,554.85            29,926.12
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                                                                 77,371.83            78,954.58
Significant accounting policies                                                          1
Notes referred to above forms an integral part of the standalone financial statements
As per our report of even date attached                                For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                                               A. S. Kabra                                   E. A. Kabra
Chartered Accountants                                                  Chairman & MD                                 Vice Chairperson & MD
Firm Registration Number:105215W                                       (DIN: 00016010)                               (DIN: 07088898)
CA. Akshay Purandare                                                   Uttam Singh                                   Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                                                Interim Chief Financial Officer               Company Secretary
Membership No. 141984
Place : Mumbai                                                                                                       Place : Mumbai
Date: 28 May 2026                                                                                                    Date: 28 May 2026

64   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 67 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


Standalone statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended on 31 March 2026
                                                                                                                        (Amount in ` Lakhs)
        Particulars                                                                  Note          31 March 2026           31 March 2025
I.      Revenue from operations
        (a)   Revenue from operations                                                 22                  45,099.83             47,684.69
II.     Other income                                                                  23                    2,367.55             1,298.45
III.    Total income (I + II)                                                                             47,467.38             48,983.14
IV.     Expenses
        (a)   Cost of materials consumed                                              24                  28,996.45             32,048.60
        (b)   Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods and                            25                    (958.19)            (2,934.52)
              Work-in-progress
        (c)   Employee benefits expense                                               26                    7,617.46             6,328.67
        (d)   Finance costs                                                           27                    1,139.25              1,117.31
        (e)   Depreciation and Amortization expense                                   28                    2,956.87             2,027.04
        (f)   Other expenses                                                          29                    8,114.64             7,052.77
        Total Expenses (IV)                                                                               47,866.47             45,639.86
V.      Profit / (Loss) before exceptional items and tax ( III - IV)                                        (399.09)             3,343.29
VI.     Exceptional Items (Net)                                                       32                     (24.12)               848.98
VII.    Profit / (Loss) Before Tax (V- VI)                                                                  (423.21)             4,192.27
VIII.   Tax expense
        (a)   Current tax                                                                                           -            1,075.00
        (b)   Income Tax of earlier years                                                                           -                      -
        (c)   Deferred tax                                                                                  (178.93)              (269.94)
        Total tax expenses                                                                                  (178.93)               805.05
IX.     Profit/(loss) for the period of continuing operation (VII-VIII)                                     (244.28)             3,387.21
X.      Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations                                                                  -                      -
XI.     Tax expense for discontinued operation                                                                      -                      -
XII.    Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations (after tax) (X-XI)                                               -                      -
XIII.   Profit/(loss) for the period (IX+XII)                                                               (244.28)             3,387.21
XIV.    Other Comprehensive Income
        (a)   Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
              (i) Equity instruments through other comprehensive income                                     (788.04)              (742.51)
              (ii) Remeasurements of the defined benefit plans                                               140.50                  14.76
        (b)   Income tax on items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                            (31.45)                 62.57
        Total Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss)                                                           (679.00)              (665.18)
XV.     Total Comprehensive Income for the year                                                             (923.28)             2,722.04
XVI. Earnings per share (face value of ₹ 5 each)
        Basic (in ₹)                                                                  33                      (0.70)                    9.69
        Diluted (in ₹)                                                                33                      (0.70)                    9.69
Significant accounting policies                                                         1
Notes referred to above forms an integral part of the standalone financial statements

As per our report of even date attached                               For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                                              A. S. Kabra                                   E. A. Kabra
Chartered Accountants                                                 Chairman & MD                                 Vice Chairperson & MD
Firm Registration Number:105215W                                      (DIN: 00016010)                               (DIN: 07088898)
CA. Akshay Purandare                                                  Uttam Singh                                   Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                                               Interim Chief Financial Officer               Company Secretary
Membership No. 141984
Place : Mumbai                                                                                                      Place : Mumbai
Date: 28 May 2026                                                                                                   Date: 28 May 2026


                                                                                                        43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 65

===== PAGE 68 =====
Standalone statements of changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March 2026
                                                                                                                           (Amount in ` Lakhs)
14      Equity share capital
        (1)   Current reporting period
         Balance at the begnning of the           Change in Equity         Restated balance        Change in equity          Balance at the
         current reporting period                Share Capital due         at the beginning       share capital during     end of the current
                                                to prior period error        of the previous       the Current year         reproting period
                                                                            reporting period
                                     1,748.64                         -                1,748.64                        -             1,748.64
        (2)   Previous reporting period
         Balance at the begnning of the           Change in Equity         Balance at the end  Change in equity    Balance at the end
         Previous reporting period               Share Capital due           of the previous  share capital during   of the Previous
                                                to prior period error       reproting period   the Previous year    reproting period
                                     1,748.64                         -                1,748.64                        -             1,748.64

15      Other equity
(1)     Current reporting period
                                         Reserves and Surplus                                     Other Reserves                      Total

                         Capital Securities Warrant General Retained                       Debt         Equity    Retained
                         Reserve Premium Proceeds Reserves Earnings                    instruments   Instruments   earning
                                                                                      through Other through Other in Jointly
                                                                                     Comprehensive Comprehensive controlled
                                                                                         Income        Income      entities

Balance at the
beginning of the
                               -   10,542.61          -   5,476.10 26,353.41                       -        2,414.56             -   44,786.67
current reporting
period
Changes in
accounting policy or           -            -         -           -              -                 -               -             -              -
prior period errors
Restated balance
at the beginning
                               -   10,542.61          -   5,476.10 26,353.41                       -        2,414.56             -   44,786.67
of the current
reporting period
Total
Comprehensive
                               -            -         -           -       (244.28)                 -        (679.00)             -    (923.28)
Income for the
current year
Gain on Equity
Instruments which
was classified                              -         -           -        122.10                  -        (122.10)             -              -
under FVTOCI
transferred*
Dividends (For FY              -            -         -           -       (874.32)                 -               -             -    (874.32)
2024-25)
Any other change               -            -         -           -              -                 -               -             -              -
(to be specified)
      Issue of Shares          -                                  -              -                 -               -             -              -
      Issue of Warrant         -            -         -           -              -                 -               -             -              -
Balance at the
end of the current             -   10,542.61          -   5,476.10 25,356.91                       -        1,613.46             -   42,989.05
reporting period




66     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 69 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


Standalone Statement of changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March 2026 (Cont.)
                                                                                                                     (Amount in ` Lakhs)
(2)     Previous reporting period
                                        Reserves and Surplus                                 Other Reserves                     Total

                         Capital Securities Warrant General Retained                 Debt         Equity    Retained
                         Reserve Premium Proceeds Reserves Earnings              instruments   Instruments   earning
                                                                                through Other through Other in Jointly
                                                                               Comprehensive Comprehensive controlled
                                                                                   Income        Income      entities/
                                                                                                               joint
                                                                                                            ventures
Balance at the
beginning of the
                               -    10,542.61        -   5,476.10 24,190.24                  -           3,079.73          -   43,288.68
Previous reporting
period
Changes in
accounting policy or           -            -        -         -                             -                                          -
prior period errors
Restated balance
at the beginning
                               -    10,542.61        -   5,476.10 24,190.24                  -           3,079.73              43,288.68
of the Previous
reporting period
Total Compreh
ensive Income for              -            -        -         -   3,387.20                  -           (665.18)               2,722.02
the Previous year
Gain on Equity
Instruments which
was classified                 -            -        -         -                             -                   -                      -
under FVTOCI
transferred*
OCI Reserve
                                                                                                             0.00
adjustment
Dividends (For FY              -            -        -         - (1,224.05)                  -                   -             (1,224.05)
2022-23)
Transfer to retained           -            -        -         -           -                 -                   -                      -
earnings
Any other change               -                     -                                       -
(to be specified)
      Issue of shares          -                               -           -                 -                   -                      -
      Issue of Warrant         -                     -         -           -                 -                   -                      -
Balance at the end
of the Previous                -    10,542.61        -   5,476.10 26,353.39                  -           2,414.56              44,786.65
reporting period


As per our report of even date attached                            For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                                           A. S. Kabra                                   E. A. Kabra
Chartered Accountants                                              Chairman & MD                                 Vice Chairperson & MD
Firm Registration Number:105215W                                   (DIN: 00016010)                               (DIN: 07088898)
CA. Akshay Purandare                                               Uttam Singh                                   Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                                            Interim Chief Financial Officer               Company Secretary
Membership No. 141984
Place : Mumbai                                                                                                   Place : Mumbai
Date: 28 May 2026                                                                                                Date: 28 May 2026




                                                                                                     43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 67

===== PAGE 70 =====
Standalone Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 31 March 2026
                                                                                               (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                For the year        For the year
Particulars                                                                           ended               ended
                                                                              31 March 2026       31 March 2025
A. Cash flow from operating activities
     Net Profit / (Loss) before extraordinary items and tax                         (399.09)            3,343.28
     Adjustments for:
     Depreciation and amortisation (including exceptional item)                     2,932.75            2,027.04
     (Profit) / Loss on sale of property, plant and equipments                       (26.62)                 0.16
     (Profit) / Loss on sale of investments                                         (321.27)             (233.29)
     Dividend income from current investments                                        (34.41)              (60.94)
     Fair value changes of current investments                                       101.15              (188.78)
     Interest income from financial assets at amortised cost                         (47.69)             (105.08)
     Finance Cost                                                                   1,139.25             1,117.31
     Balance Written back                                                           (370.29)             (710.35)
     Fair value change of investment                                                 910.14
     Provision for doubtful trade and other receivables, loans and advances          251.38               533.78
     Others                                                                         (140.50)              374.89
                                                                                   4,393.89             2,754.73
     Operating profit / (loss) before working capital changes                       3,994.80            6,098.00
     Changes in working capital:
     (Increase) / Decrease in inventories                                            476.69            (5,164.53)
     (Increase) / Decrease in trade receivables                                     1,092.72              823.42
     (Increase) / Decrease in other bank balances                                    452.60             3,263.07
     (Increase) / Decrease in current loans                                           (9.11)              (31.60)
     (Increase) / Decrease in other current financial asset                           22.06               289.24
     (Increase) / Decrease in other current assets                                (2,150.89)           (1,124.40)
     (Increase) / Decrease in non-current financial assets                          (361.54)
     (Increase) / Decrease in other non-current assets                              (902.79)             (240.32)
     Increase / (Decrease) in trade payables                                        (914.27)             (682.13)
     Increase / (Decrease) in other financial liabilities                            112.65              (440.71)
     Increase / (Decrease) in other current liabilities                             (260.12)            2,581.49
     Increase / (Decrease) in other non current liabilities                           16.28               489.21
     Increase / (Decrease) in short-term provisions                                  134.27              (712.43)
     Increase / (Decrease)in long-term provisions                                   (281.11)               (2.42)
     Cash generated from operations                                                 1,422.23            5,145.89
     Net income tax (paid) / refunds                                                (318.96)             (883.55)
     Deffered tax expenses                                                           178.93               269.94
     Net cash flow from / (used in) operating activities                            1,282.21            4,532.28




68   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 71 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


Standalone Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 31 March 2026 (Cont.)
                                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                             For the year            For the year
Particulars                                                                                        ended                   ended
                                                                                           31 March 2026           31 March 2025
B. Cash flow from investing activities
    Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment                                          (2,951.28)            (6,181.39)
    Expenditure on intangibles (including capital advances)                                         (799.13)               (52.61)
    Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                               47.05                     0.49
    Sale / (Investment) in subsidiaries                                                                     -              898.92
    Sale of Non-Current Investment                                                                  (318.00)
    Net sale / (purchase) of current investments                                                    2,989.37            (1,684.45)
    Interest received                                                                                 47.69                105.08
    Incentive Received                                                                                      -
    Dividend received                                                                                 34.41                  60.94
    Net cash flow from / (used in) investing activities                                             (949.88)            (6,853.01)
C. Cash flow from financing activities
    Finanace Cost                                                                                 (1,139.25)            (1,117.31)
    Lease liability                                                                                  153.61                243.08
    Dividend paid                                                                                   (874.32)            (1,224.05)
    Borrowings / (Repayment) (Net)                                                                  1,529.89             3,968.97
    Net cash flow from / (used in) financing activities                                             (330.07)             1,870.70
    Net increase / (decrease) in Cash and cash equivalents                                              2.25              (450.03)
    Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                           194.92                644.95
    Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                 197.18                194.92

As per our report of even date attached                       For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                                      A. S. Kabra                                   E. A. Kabra
Chartered Accountants                                         Chairman & MD                                 Vice Chairperson & MD
Firm Registration Number:105215W                              (DIN: 00016010)                               (DIN: 07088898)
CA. Akshay Purandare                                          Uttam Singh                                   Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                                       Interim Chief Financial Officer               Company Secretary
Membership No. 141984
Place : Mumbai                                                                                              Place : Mumbai
Date: 28 May 2026                                                                                           Date: 28 May 2026




                                                                                                43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 69

===== PAGE 72 =====
Notes to the Standalone financial statements for the year ended 31st March 2026

The Corporate overview
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (the Company) is a public company domiciled and incorporated in India. The Registered Office is
situated at Andheri (West), Mumbai – 400053. The shares of the Company are listed on two stock exchanges in India i.e. National
Stock Exchange (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (‘the Company’ or ‘KET’) CIN: L28900MH1982PLC028535 is India’s premier manufacturer &
exporter of plastic extrusion machineries for manufacturing pipe & films and lithium-ion battery packs for electric mobility & energy
storage application. The company is part of renowned Kolsite Group having over 6 decades of experience. The company enjoys
leadership position in the plastic extrusion market with more than 15,000 installations and presence around 100+ countries across
globe. It has two manufacturing units at Daman alongwith state of the art R&D facilities for its Extrusion division.
Geon (erstwhile Battrixx) is the Battery division of the company. It is dedicated to developing and producing green energy systems
and solutions, through strong R&D capabilities, that will power the growth of India’s transition into green energy storage and
electric mobility. The company has a battery pack manufacturing facility at Chakan, Pune.
Material Accounting Policies
a)   Statement of compliance & Basis of Preparation
     The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under
     Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read together with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules,
     2015 and related amendments as notified from time to time (hereinafter referred as ‘Ind AS’).
     Accordingly, the Company has prepared these Financial Statements which comprise the Balance Sheet as at 31 March,
     2026, the Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31 March 2025, the Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended
     31 March 2026 and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended as on that date, and accounting policies and other
     explanatory information (together hereinafter referred to as ‘financial statements’).
     These financial statements are approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 28th May, 2026.
     The financial statements have been prepared on accrual and going concern basis. The accounting policies are applied
     consistently to all the periods presented in the financial statements. All assets and liabilities have been classified as current
     or non-current as per the Company’s normal operating cycle and other criteria as set out in the Division II of Schedule III to
     the Companies Act, 2013.
b)   Basis of measurement
     The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following items, which are measured
     on an alternative basis on each reporting date.
     •     Certain financial assets and liabilities (including derivative instruments) are measured at fair value.
     •     Defined benefit plans – plan assets are measured at fair value.
c)   Rounding of amounts
     All amounts disclosed in the Financial Statements including notes have been rounded off to the nearest lakhs in Indian
     Rupee (INR 00,000) as per the requirements of Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013; unless otherwise indicated.
     a)    Property, plant and equipment
           •     Recognition and measurement
                 Freehold land is carried at historical cost. All other items of property, plant and equipment are stated at Cost of
                 acquisition less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Cost comprises of purchase
                 price, non-refundable taxes and duties and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working
                 condition for the intended use. Any trade discounts and rebates are deducted in arriving at the purchase price.
                 Borrowing costs attributable to construction or acquisition of a qualifying asset for the period up to the date,
                 the asset is ready for its intended use are included in the cost of the asset to which they relate. Pre-operative
                 expenditure including trial run expenses comprising of revenue expenses incurred as reduced by the revenue
                 generated during the period up to the date, the asset is ready for its intended use are treated as part of costs of
                 that asset.
                 Capital work-in-progress comprises of the cost of property, plant and equipment that are not yet completely ready
                 for their intended use as at the balance sheet date.
           •     Subsequent costs
                 The cost of replacing a part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in the carrying amount
                 of the item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the company
                 and its cost can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized. Repairs and
                 maintenance cost are recognized in the statement of profit and loss when incurred.


70   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 73 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


         •    Derecognition
              An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are
              expected from its use or disposal. Gains and losses on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipmentare
              determined by comparing the proceeds from disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment,
              and are recognised net and disclosed within other income or expenses in the statement of profit and loss.
         •    Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives and residual value
              Depreciation is provided on the Straight Line Method (SLM) over the estimated useful lives of the assets
              considering the nature, estimated usage, operating conditions, past history of replacement, anticipated
              technological changes, manufacturer’s warranties and maintenance support. Taking into account these factors,
              the Company has decided to retain the useful life hitherto adopted for various categories of property, plant and
              equipments which are different from those prescribed in Schedule II of the Act.
              Type of Asset Estimated useful llfe (Years)
               Type of Asset                                                               Estimated useful llfe (Years)
               Plant & Equipments                                                                                    2 to 15
               Building                                                                                             20 to 30
               Furniture & Fixture                                                                                   2 to 15
               Vehicles                                                                                              8 to 10
               Office Eqipments                                                                                       2 to 8
               Computer                                                                                               2 to 3
              Asset costing ₹ 5,000 or less are fully depreciated in the year of purchase.
              Leasehold land is to be amortized equally over the lease period. Freehold land is not depreciated.
              The useful lives are reviewed at each year end. Changes in expected useful lives are treated as change in
              accounting estimates. Depreciation is not recorded on capital work-in-progress until construction and installation
              are complete and the asset is ready for its intended use.
    b)   Intangible assets
         •    Recognition and measurement
              Intangible assets are recognised when the asset is identifiable, is within the control of the company, it is probable
              that the future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset will flow to the company and cost of the asset
              can be reliably measured.
              Intangible assets acquired by the company that have finite useful lives are measured at cost less accumulated
              amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.
              Research costs are charged to the statement of Profit and Loss in the year in which they are incurred. Product
              development costs incurred on new vehicle platform, engines, transmission and new products are recognised
              as intangible assets, when feasibility has been established, the Company has committed technical, financial and
              other resources to complete the development and it is probable that asset will generate future economic benefits.
              The cost of an internally generated intangible asset is the sum of directly attributable expenditure incurred from
              the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria to the completion of its development. Interest
              cost incurred is capitalised up to the date the asset is ready for its intended use for qualifying assets, based on
              borrowings incurred specifically for financing the asset or the weighted average rate of all other borrowings if no
              specific borrowings have been incurred for the asset. Product development expenditure is measured at cost less
              accumulated amortisation and impairment, if any amortisation is not recorded on product engineering in progress
              until development is complete.
         •    Derecognition
              An item of intangible asset is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected
              from its use or disposal. Gains and losses on disposal of intangible asset are determined by comparing the
              proceeds from disposal with the carrying amount of intangible asset and are recognised net and disclosed within
              other income or expenses in the statement of profit and loss.
         •    Amortisation
              Amortisation is calculated over the cost of the asset, or other amount substituted for cost. Amortisation is
              recognised in statement of profit and loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible
              assets from the date that they are available for use, since this most closely reflects the expected pattern of
              consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in the asset.
    c)   Leases
         The Company as a lessee
         The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use
         asset is initially measured at cost.


                                                                                             43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 71

===== PAGE 74 =====
          The right-of-use assets are subsequently depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
          a straight-line basis. In addition, the right-of-use asset is reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain
          remeasurements of the lease liability.
          The lease liability is initially measured at amortised cost at the present value of the future lease payments, discounted
          using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using the incremental borrowing
          rate.
          It is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is
          a change in the Company’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the
          Company changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.
          When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the
          right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to
          zero.
          The Company has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have
          a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The Company recognises the lease payments
          associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
          The Company as lessor
          When the Company acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an
          operating lease.
          Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract
          is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
          When the Company is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sublease separately.
          The sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head
          lease.
          The Company recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over the
          lease term.
     d)   Impairment of assets
          At the end of each reporting period, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets
          and investments in associate and joint ventures to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have
          suffered an impairment loss.
          If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less cost to
          sell, of the asset or cash-generating unit, as the case may be, is estimated and impairment loss (if any) is recognised
          and the carrying amount is reduced to its recoverable amount.
          In assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value. When it is not
          possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates the recoverable amount of
          the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
          Except for goodwill, when an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-
          generating unit is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, so that the increased carrying amount
          does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for
          the asset (or cash-generating unit) earlier.
          Goodwill, intangible assets and intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually
          and whenever there is an indication that the asset may be impaired.
          Reversal of impairment loss
          An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is Reversed only to the
          extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of
          depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.
     e)   Inventories
          Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
          Cost of raw materials, components and consumables are ascertained on a moving weighted average basis. Cost,
          including fixed and variable production overheads, are allocated to work-in-progress and finished goods determined
          on a full absorption cost basis.
          Cost of inventories also include all other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
          Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated cost of completion
          and selling expenses.




72   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 75 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


    f)   Cash and cash equivalents
         Cash and Cash Equivalent include Cash on hand, Demand deposit with Banks, Other short-term highly liquid
         investments with original maturities of three months or less. Bank overdrafts are shown within short-term borrowings
         in the balance sheet.
    g)   Revenue recognition
         i)    Sale of Products
               The Company recognises revenues from sale of products measured at the amount of transaction price (net of
               variable consideration), when it satisfies its performance obligation at a point in time which is when products are
               delivered to buyers. Accordingly revenue is recognised when all significant risks and rewards of ownership of
               the goods are passed on to the buyer, recovery of the consideration is probable, the associated costs can be
               estimated reliably, there is no continuing effective control over, or managerial involvement with, the goods, and
               the amount of revenue can be measured reliably. It excludes Goods and Service tax (GST), sales tax wherever
               applicable. The transaction price of goods sold is net of variable consideration on account of various discounts
               and schemes offered by the Company as part of the contract.
         ii)   Sale of Services
               Sale of services includes maintenance services provided to the customers.
    h)   Other income
         •     Interest income
               Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to
               the Company and the amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest income is accrued on, time basis, by
               reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly
               discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to that asset's net
               carrying amount on initial recognition.
         •     Dividend
               Dividends are recognised in the statement of profit and loss only when the right to receive the payment is
               established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the company, and
               the amount can be measured reliably.
         •     Export Incentive
               Export incentives are recognised when the right to receive credit as per the terms of incentives is established in
               respect of the exports made and when there is no significant uncertainty regarding the ultimate collection of the
               relevant export proceeds.
    i)   Borrowing costs:
         Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets
         that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of
         those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing
         costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
    j)   Foreign currency transactions and balances
         Transactions in foreign currency are recorded at exchange rates prevailing at the date of transactions. Exchange
         differences arising on foreign exchange transactions settled during the year are recognized in the statement of profit
         and loss of the year.
         Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies which are outstanding, as at the reporting period are
         translated at the closing exchange rates and the resultant exchange differences are recognized in the statement of
         profit and loss.
         Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured in terms of historical cost are
         translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.
         The date of the transaction for the purpose of determining the exchange rate to use on the initial recognition of the
         related asset, expense or income (or part of it) is the date on which entity initially recognizes the non-monetary asset
         or non-monetary liability arising from the payment or receipt of advance.
    k)   Employee Benefits
         Short-term employee benefits
         All employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months of rendering the services are classified as short-
         term employee benefits. Benefits such as salaries, wages, expected cost of bonus and short-term compensated
         absences,performance pay etc. are recognized in the period in which the employee renders the related service.



                                                                                             43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 73

===== PAGE 76 =====
          Post-employment benefits
          Defined Contribution plans
          The company’s approved Superannuation Scheme, Central Provident Fund Scheme and National Pension Scheme
          are a defined contribution plan. The company has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been
          paid. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due.
          Defined contribution to Employees Pension Scheme 1995 is made to Government Provident Fund Authority and
          recognized as expense as and when due.
          Defined Benefit plans
          The Company operates a defined benefit gratuity plan, which requires contributions to be made to a fund set up by
          Life Insurance Corporation of India. The present value of the obligation under such defined benefit plans is determined
          based on actuarial valuation using the projected unit credit method, which recognises each period of service as
          giving rise to additional unit of employee benefit entitlement and measures each unit separately to build up the final
          obligation.
          The obligation is measured at the present value of the estimated future cash flows. The discount rates used for
          determining the present value of the obligation under defined benefit plans, is based on the market yields on government
          securities as at the reporting date, having maturity periods approximating to the terms of related obligations.
          Remeasurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling, excluding amounts included
          in net interest on the net defined benefit liability and the return on plan assets, are recognised immediately in the
          balance sheet with a corresponding debit or credit to retained earnings through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) in
          the period in which they occur. Remeasurements are not reclassified to the statement of profit and loss in subsequent
          periods.
          In case of funded plans, the fair value of the plan’s assets is reduced from the gross obligation under the defined
          benefit plans, to recognise the obligation on net basis.
          Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments or curtailments are
          recognised immediately in profit or loss as past service cost.
          Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or the fair value of the plan
          asset. The cost is included in employee benefit expense in the statement of profit and loss.
          Other long-term employee benefits
          The liabilities for earned leave which are not expected to be settled within twelve months after the end of the reporting
          period in which the employee render the related service. They are therefore measured as the present value of expected
          future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employee up to the end of the reporting period using the
          projected unit credit method. The benefits are discounted using the market yields at the end of the reporting period that
          have terms approximating the terms of the related obligation. Remeasurements as a result of experience adjustments
          and change in actuarial assumptions are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. The obligations are presented
          as current liabilities in the Balance Sheet if the entity does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement for at
          least twelve months after the reporting period, regardless of when the actual settlement is expected to occur.
     l)   Taxation
          Current tax is determined as the amount of tax payable in respect of taxable income for the year. The Company’s
          current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting
          period.
          Deferred tax
          Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and
          liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the reporting date.Deferred tax liabilities are
          recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:
          •    When the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction
               that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor
               taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;
          •    In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests
               in joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable
               that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
          Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits and
          any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be
          available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused
          tax losses can be utilised, except




74   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 77 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


         •     When the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of
               an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects
               neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
               temporary differences;
         •     In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
               interests in joint ventures, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the
               temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the
               temporary differences can be utilised.
         Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss (either in other
         comprehensive income or in equity). Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction
         either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
         The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
         extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be
         recovered.
         Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the
         liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
         enacted by the end of the reporting period.
         The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
         manner in which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of
         its assets and liabilities.
    m)   Government Grant:
         Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attached
         conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to revenue, it is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
         on a systematic basis over the periods to which they relate.
         When the grant relates to an asset, it is treated as deferred income and recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
         on a systematic basis over the useful life of the asset using capital approach.
    n)   Provisions and contingencies
         A provision is recorded when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events,
         it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reasonably
         estimated.
         Provision is made for estimated warranty claims in respect of products sold which are still under warranty at the end
         of the reporting period. These claims are expected to be settled as and when warranty claims arise. Management
         estimates the provision based on historical warranty claim information and any recent trends that may suggest future
         claims could differ from historical amounts.
         A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events whose existence will be confirmed by the
         occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events beyond the control of the Company or a present
         obligation that is not recognized because it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the
         obligation. A contingent liability also arises where there is a liability that cannot be recognized because it cannot be
         measured reliably. The Company does not recognize a contingent liability but discloses its existence in the financial
         statements.
         Contingent assets are not recognised in financial statements, unless they are virtually certain. However, contingent
         assets are disclosed where inflow of economic benefits are probable.
         Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets are reviewed at each balance sheet date.
    o)   Fair value measurement
         Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
         between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that
         the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
         •     In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
         •     In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
         The company uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
         are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of
         unobservable inputs.
         •     Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
         •     Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement
               is directly or indirectly observable.

                                                                                               43rd Annual Report 2025-26        | 75

===== PAGE 78 =====
          •     Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement
                is unobservable.
          For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the company determines
          whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the lowest
          level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.
          For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the company has determined classes of assets and liabilities based on the
          nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy.
     p)   Financial instruments
          A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity
          instrument of another entity.
          Initial recognition and measurement
          Financial instruments are initially recognised when the entity becomes party to the contract.
          Financial instruments are measured initially at fair value adjusted for transaction costs that are directly attributable to
          the origination of the financial instrument where financial instruments not classified at fair value through profit or loss.
          Transaction costs of financial instruments which are classified as fair value through profit or loss are expensed in the
          statement of profit and loss.
          Subsequent measurement of financial assets
          For the purposes of subsequent measurement, the financial assets are classified in the following categories based on
          the company’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of cash flows:
          •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value; either through OCI or through profit or loss
          •     those measured at amortised cost
          For assets measured at fair value, changes in fair value will either be recorded in the statement of profit and loss or
          OCI. For investments in debt instruments, this will depend on the business model in which investment is held. For
          investments in equity instruments, this will depend on whether the company has made an irrevocable election at the
          time of initial recognition to account for equity investment at fair value through OCI.
          The company reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets
          changes.
          Debt instruments at amortised cost
          A ‘debt instrument’ is measured at the amortised cost if both the following conditions are satisfied:
          •     The asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets for collecting contractual cash
                flows,and
          •     The contractual terms of the asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding.
          A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at amortised cost and is not part of hedging
          relationship is recognised in the statement of profit and loss when the asset is derecognised or impaired. Interest
          income from these financial assets is included in finance income using effective interest rate (EIR) method.
          Equity investments
          All equity investments in the scope of Ind AS 109 Financial Instruments are measured at fair value. Equity instruments
          which are held for trading are classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity instruments, the company may make an
          irrevocable election to recognise subsequent changes in the fair value in OCI. The company makes such election on
          an instrument-by-instrument basis. The classification is made on initial recognition and is irrevocable.
          If the company decides to classify an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value changes on the instrument,
          excluding dividends, are recognized in OCI. There is no recycling of the amounts from OCI to the statement of profit
          and loss, even on sale of equity instrument.
          Equity instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognised in the
          statement of profit and loss.
          Subsequent measurement of financial liabilities
          For the purposes of subsequent measurement, the financial liabilities are classified in the following categories:
          •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
          •     those measured at amortised cost
          Following financial liabilities will be classified under FVTPL:
          •     Financial liabilities held for trading

76   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 79 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


         •     Derivative financial liabilities
         •     Liability designated to be measured under FVTPL All other financial liabilities are classified at amortised cost.
         For financial liabilities measured at fair value, changes in fair value will recorded in the statement of profit and loss
         except for the fair value changes on account of own credit risk are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI).
         Interest expense on financial liabilities classified under amortised cost category are measured using effective interest
         rate (EIR) method and are recognised in statement of profit or loss.
         Derecognition of financial instruments
         The company derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset
         expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the
         risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which the company neither transfers nor
         retain substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset.
         A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When
         an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms
         of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the
         original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised
         in the statement of profit or loss.
         Impairment of financial assets
         The company applies Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of impairment loss on the
         financial assets mentioned below:
         •     Financial assets that are debt instrument and are measured at amortised cost
         •     Financial assets that are debt instruments and are measured as at FVOCI
         •     Trade receivables under Ind AS 18
         The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. Details
         how the company determines whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk is explained in the respective
         notes.
         For impairment of trade receivables, the company chooses to apply practical expedient of providing expected credit
         loss based on provision matrix and does not require the Company to track changes in credit risk. Percentage of ECL
         under provision matrix is determined based on historical data as well as futuristic information.
         Derivative financial instruments
         Initial measurement and subsequent measurement
         The company uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts to hedge foreign currency
         risks. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative
         contract is entered into and are subsequently re-measured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as financial assets
         when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative. Any gains or losses arising
         from changes in the fair value of derivatives are taken directly to profit or loss.
    q)   Dividend Distribution
         The Company recognises a liability to make dividend distributions to equity holders of the Company when the
         distribution is authorised and approved by the shareholders. Any interim dividend paid is recognised on approval by
         Board of Directors. Dividend payable and corresponding tax on dividend distribution is recognised directly in equity.
    r)   Earnings per share (EPS)
         Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the company by the weighted
         average number of equity shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in equity shares
         issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.
         For the purpose of calculating diluteed earnings per share, the net profit for the period attributable to equity shareholders
         and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for the effects of all dilutive
         potential equity shares. In computing diluted earnings per share, only potential equity shares that are dilutive and that
         either reduces earnings per share or increases loss per share are included
    s)   Operating Segment
         The Company has determined that the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) is the Board of Directors (BoD).
         Operating segments used to present segment information are identified based on the internal reports used and
         reviewed by the BOD to assess performance and allocate resources.




                                                                                               43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 77

===== PAGE 80 =====
          An Operating Segment is the level at which discrete financial information is available. Business segments are identified
          considering:
          a)    the nature of products and services
          b)    the differing risks and returns
          c)    the internal organisation and management structure, and
          d)    the internal financial reporting systems.
          Revenue and expenses directly attributable to segments are reported under each reportable segment. Exceptional
          items and other expenses which are not attributable or allocable to segments are disclosed separately. Assets and
          liabilities that are directly attributable or allocable to segments are disclosed under each reportable segment. All other
          assets and liabilities are disclosed as unallocable assets and liabilities.
          The company is an operating company, primarily having operations in Extrusion Machinery and Battery Division.
          The segment related disclosure for comparative period.
     t)   Significant accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions
          The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with Ind AS, requires the management to make judgments,
          estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of revenue, expenses, current assets, non-current assets, current
          liabilities, non-current liabilities, disclosure of the contingent liabilities and notes to accounts at the end of each reporting
          period. Actuals may differ from these estimates.
          Judgements
          In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, management have made the following judgements,
          which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:
          Useful life, method and residual value of property, plant and equipments
          Plant and machineries and factory buildings contribute significant portion of the Company's Property, plant and
          equipment. The Company estimates the useful life and residual value of assets. However the actual useful life and
          residual value may be shorter / less or longer / more depending on technical innovations and competitive actions.
          Further, Company is depreciating its plant and machineries and factory buildings by using straight line method based
          on the management estimate that repairs / wear and tear to plant and machineries and factory buildings are consistent
          over useful life of assets
          Contingent liability
          The Company has received orders and notices from tax authorities in respect of direct taxes and indirect taxes.
          Management regularly analyses current information about these matters and discloses the information of related
          contingent liability. In making the decision regarding the need for creating loss provision, management considers the
          degree of probability of an unfavourable outcome and the ability to make a sufficiently reliable estimate of the amount
          of loss. The filing of a suit or formal assertion of a claim against the Company or the disclosure of any such suit or
          assertions, does not automatically indicate that a provision of a loss may be appropriate.
          Estimates and assumptions
          The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that
          have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
          financial year, are described below. The Company based its estimates and assumptions on parameters available when
          the financial statements are prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however,
          may change due to market conditions or circumstances arising that are beyond the control of the Company. Such
          changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.
          Defined benefit obligation
          The cost of the defined benefit plans and other post-employment benefits and the present value of the obligations
          are determined using actuarial valuation. An actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions that may differ
          from actual developments in the future. These include the determination of the discount rate, future salary increases,
          mortality rates and future post-retirement medical benefit increase. Due to the complexities involved in the valuation and
          its long-term nature, a defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions
          are reviewed at each reporting date.
          The parameter most subject to change is the discount rate. In determining the appropriate discount rate, management
          considers the interest rates of government bonds in currencies consistent with the currencies of the post-employment
          benefit obligations and extrapolated as needed along the yield curve to correspond with the expected term of the
          defined benefit obligation. The mortality rate is based on publicly available mortality tables. Those mortality tables tend
          to change only at intervals in response to demographic changes. Future salary increases are based on the expected
          future inflation rates for the country.



78   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 81 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


         Further details about defined benefit obligations are provided in the respective note prepared elsewhere in the financial
         statement.
         Deferred Tax
         Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences including the carry forward of unused tax
         credits. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against
         which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits can be utilized.
         Estimation and underlying assumptions are reviewed on ongoing basis. Revisions to estimates are recognised
         prospectively.
    u)   Recent accounting pronouncements
         For the year ended March 31, 2025, MCA has notified Ind AS – 117 Insurance Contracts and amendments to Ind
         AS 116 – Leases, relating to sale and leaseback transactions, applicable to the Company w.e.f. April 1, 2024. The
         Company has reviewed the new pronouncements and based on its evaluation has determined that it does not have
         any impact in its financial statements.




                                                                                             43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 79

===== PAGE 82 =====
                                   2A   Property, plant and equipment




80
                                        Changes in the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                                                                                                                      (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                         Particulars                                       Land        Building          Land         Plant &       Furniture &     Vehicles         Office       Computer       Total
                                                                                        (Freehold)                    (Leasehold)    Equipment       Fixtures                      Equipments
                                         Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2025              2,806        7,629            1,322        16,629           1,174           375              393        1,049        31,376
                                         Additions                                                 -        60.65                -      6,303.06          236.65        116.72            13.59        80.91      6,811.58
                                         Government Incentive (Adjustments)                        -              -              -              -               -                             -              -            -
                                         Disposal/retirements/derecognition                        -              -              -         31.45            1.48         11.22             2.47              -       46.62
                                         Gross carrying amount as at 31 March 2026         2,805.94      7,689.32         1,321.64     22,900.50        1,409.44        480.81          404.21       1,129.60    38,141.45
                                         Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2025               -     1,738.13            85.19      8,037.19          923.02        201.90          277.08        900.53     12,163.26
                                         Depreciation                                              -       222.92            13.91      2,019.48           81.54         48.86            38.30        87.44      2,512.46




| Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
                                         Disposal/retirements/derecognition                        -              -              -        (13.63)          (0.61)       (10.66)          (1.30)              -      (26.19)
                                         Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2026              -     1,961.05            99.10     10,043.04        1,003.96        240.11          314.08        987.98     14,649.53
                                         Carrying amount as at 31 March 2025               2,805.94      5,890.53         1,236.45      8,591.70          251.24        173.42           116.01       148.16     19,213.23
                                         Carrying amount as at 31 March 2026               2,805.94      5,728.27         1,222.54     12,857.46          405.48        240.71            90.13       141.62     23,491.92
                                        Note:
                                        (i)  Refer note 17 for details of property, plant and equipment pledged as security for borrowings.
                                        (ii)    The Title Deeds of Immovable Properties are held in name of the Company.
                                        (iii)   The Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment as at 31st March 2025
                                        Previous reporting period
                                                                                                                                                                                                      (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                         Particulars                                       Land        Building          Land         Plant &       Furniture &     Vehicles         Office       Computer       Total
                                                                                        (Freehold)                    (Leasehold)    Equipment       Fixtures                      Equipments
                                         Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2024              2,806        5,901            1,322        15,372            1,112          375              327          977     28,193.04
                                         Additions                                                 -     1,817.57                -      2,673.47           66.00               -          67.62        77.01      4,701.68
                                         Government Incentive (Adjustments)                        -       (90.25)               -     (1,416.22)          (4.01)                        (0.62)        (2.46)    (1,513.56)
                                         Disposal/retirements/derecognition                        -              -              -         (0.50)               -              -         (1.21)        (2.96)        (4.67)
                                         Gross carrying amount as at 31 March 2025         2,805.94      7,628.67         1,321.64     16,628.89        1,174.27        375.31          393.09       1,048.69    31,376.49
                                         Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2024               -     1,556.12            71.27      6,650.62          868.82        161.22          247.91        800.86     10,357.04
                                         Depreciation                                              -       182.02            13.91      1,386.58           54.20         40.68            30.32       102.53      1,810.24
                                         Disposal/retirements/derecognition                        -              -              -         (0.01)               -              -         (1.15)        (2.86)        (4.02)
                                         Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2025              -     1,738.13            85.19      8,037.19          923.02        201.90          277.08        900.53     12,163.26
                                         Carrying amount as at 31 March 2024               2,805.94      4,345.23         1,250.36      8,721.52          243.46        214.10            79.38       176.24     17,836.00
                                         Carrying amount as at 31 March 2025               2,805.94      5,890.53         1,236.45      8,591.70          251.24        173.42           116.01       148.16     19,213.23

===== PAGE 83 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                    (Amount in ` Lakhs)
2B   Capital work in progress (CWIP)
     Particulars                                                                                             Total
     As at 1 April 2025                                                                                        5,034.55
     Additions in CWIP                                                                                           289.76
     Transfer from CWIP                                                                                        4,412.03
     As at 31 March 2026                                                                                         912.27

                                                        Amount in CWIP for a period of                          Total
     Particulars                        Less than 1       1-2 years      2-3 years        More than 3
                                           year                                             years
     Current year
     Projects in progress                      289.76           622.52                -                  -           912.27
     Projects temporarily suspended                 -                -                -                  -                -
     Previous reporting period
     Particulars                                                                                             Total
     As at 1 April 2024                                                                                        2,036.60
     Additions                                                                                                 5,034.55
     Capitalised                                                                                               2,036.60
     As at 31 March 2025                                                                                       5,034.55

                                                        Amount in CWIP for a period of                          Total
     Particulars                        Less than 1       1-2 years      2-3 years        More than 3
                                           year                                             years
     Current year
     Projects in progress                    5,034.55                                 -                  -      5,034.55
     Projects temporarily suspended                 -                -                -                  -             -
2C   Intangible assets
     Changes in the carrying amount of intangible assets
     Particulars                                            Technical      Software          Other             Total
                                                            Know-How                      Intangibles
     Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2025                  2,829.42         337.52               -          3,166.94
     Additions                                                        -          19.11           36.48             55.58
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                               -              -               -                 -
     Gross carrying amount as at 31 March 2026                 2,829.42         356.63           36.48          3,222.52
     Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2025               2,598.36         275.44               -          2,873.80
     Depreciation                                                120.58          52.30            1.18            174.06
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                               -              -               -                 -
     Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2026              2,718.94         327.74            1.18          3,047.87
     Carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                         231.06          62.08               -            293.14
     Carrying amount as at 31 March 2026                         110.48          28.88           35.30            174.66
     Previous reporting period

     Particulars                                              Technical           Software                   Total
                                                              Know-How
     Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2024                      2,927.25               275.83                3,203.07
     Additions                                                        22.20                65.82                   88.02
     Government Incentive (Adjustments)                            (120.03)                (4.13)               (124.15)
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                   -                     -                      -
     Gross carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                     2,829.42               337.52                3,166.94
     Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2024                   2,492.31               210.97                2,703.27
     Depreciation                                                    106.06                64.48                  170.53
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                   -                     -                      -
     Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2025                  2,598.36               275.44                2,873.80
     Carrying amount as at 31 March 2024                             434.94                64.86                  499.80
     Carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                             231.06                62.08                  293.14

                                                                                   43rd Annual Report 2025-26          | 81

===== PAGE 84 =====
                                                                                                        (Amount in ` Lakhs)
2D   Intangibles Under Development

      Particulars                                                                                              Total
      As at 1 April 2025                                                                                                -
      Additions in Intangibles                                                                                     345.07
      Transfer from Intangibles                                                                                     36.48
      As at 31 March 2026                                                                                          308.59
     Ageing for Intangible Assets

      Particulars                          Amount in Intangibles Under Development for a period of
                                           Less than 1    1-2 years       2-3 years       More than 3          Total
                                              year                                          years
      Current year
      Projects in progress                       308.59               -               -                 -          308.59
      Projects temporarily suspended                  -               -               -                 -                  -
2E   Right of Use Assets
     Changes in the carrying amount of ROU Assets

      Particulars                                                                                            Amounts
      Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2025                                                                     277.61
      Additions                                                                                                    410.48
      Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                                                                   -
      Gross carrying amount as at 31 March 2026                                                                    688.09
      Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2025                                                                      46.27
      Depreciation                                                                                                 270.35
      Disposal/retirements/derecognition
      Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2026                                                                 316.62
      Carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                                                                          277.61
      Carrying amount as at 31 March 2026                                                                          371.48

     Changes in the carrying amount of ROU Assets

      Particulars                                                                                            Amounts
      Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2024
      Additions                                                                                                    277.61
      Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                                                                  0
      Gross carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                                                                    277.61
      Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2024                                                                         0
      Depreciation                                                                                                     46.27
      Disposal/retirements/derecognition
      Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2025                                                                     46.27
      Carrying amount as at 31 March 2024
      Carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                                                                          231.34




82   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 85 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                       (Amount in ` Lakhs)
Paritculars                                                    As at 31 March 2026              As at 31 March 2025
                                                             Units (nos.)     Amounts         Units (nos.)      Amounts
 3   Investments (Non-current)
     Category wise instruments
     Investment in Equity Instruments                           2087332        1,823.52          2144780         2,733.67
     Investment in Debentures                                  12522500        1,252.25          9342500          934.25
     Investment in Bonds                                            2610         26.10               2610             26.10
                                                               14612442        3,101.87         11489890         3,694.02
 A   Investment in Subsidiaries, Assosciates and
     Joint Ventures
     Investment in equity instrument carried at cost
     Unquoted investments
     Investment in Subsidiaries
     Varos Technology Private limited (Equity shares at           10000          80.00              10000             80.00
     face value of ₹ 10 each)(Refer Note No.1)
     Kabra Energy Pvt.Ltd (Formaly known as Kolsite                 1000             0.10            1000              0.10
     Energy Pvt. Ltd.) (Equity shares at face value of ₹
     10 each)(Refer Note No.2)
     Investment in Joint Ventures
     Penta Auto Feeding India Ltd. (Equity shares at                   0                 -              0                 -
     face value  of ₹ 10 each)(Upto 6th Feb 2025)
     Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt. Ltd. (Equity             699800          69.98            699800              69.98
     shares at face value of ₹ 10)
                                                                 710800         150.08            710800          150.08
     Investment in Debt instruments at cost
     Investment in Subsidiaries
     Zero rated Compulsory Convertible Debentures               8000000         800.00           8000000          800.00
     (CCD) of Varos Technology Private Limited
     (Debentures at face value of ₹ 10 each) (Refer
     Note. 3)
     Compulsory Convertible Debentures (CCD) rated              4522500         452.25           1342500          134.25
     0.001% of Varos Technology Private Limited
     (Debentures at face value of ₹ 10 each) (Refer
     Note. 4)
                                                               12522500        1252.25           9342500          934.25
 B   Investments in other entities
     Investments in equity instruments of other
     entities measured at Fair Value through Other
     Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)
       Quoted investments
       Plastiblends India Ltd. (Equity shares of ₹ 5 each)      1376519        1,673.43          1433967         2,583.58
                                                                1376519        1,673.43          1433967         2,583.58
     Investments in equity instruments of other
     entities measured at cost
     Unquoted investments
     Mohid Park Co-op Hsg. Soc.Ltd (₹ 50 each)*                        5             0.00*              5              0.00
     Royal Twin Co-op Hsg. Soc.Ltd (₹ 50 each)*                        5             0.00*              5              0.00
     Plastic Machinery Mfg. Association of India                       3             0.00*              3              0.00
     (₹ 100 each)*
                                                                      13             0.00*             13                0




                                                                                         43rd Annual Report 2025-26    | 83

===== PAGE 86 =====
                                                                                                                   (Amount in ` Lakhs)
Paritculars                                                           As at 31 March 2026                  As at 31 March 2025
                                                                   Units (nos.)         Amounts         Units (nos.)         Amounts
      Investment in Debt instruments at cost
      Investment in bonds
      Indian Railway Finance Corp. Tax Free Bond                           2610              26.10              2610              26.10
      (Bonds of ₹ 1000 each)
                                                                           2610              26.10              2610              26.10
      * Denotes amount less than Rs. 50,000/-
      Note:
      1.      During the year ended 31 March, 2022, the company invested INR 80 Lakhs in Varos Technology Private Limited and
              holds 100% stake in the entity as at the Balance Sheet date
      2.      During the year ended 31 March, 2023, the company invested INR 0.10 Lakhs in Kabra Energy Private Limited
              (formerly known as Kolsite Energy Private Limited) and holds 100% stake in the entity as at the Balance Sheet date.
      3.      The Company invested in zero-rated (80 Lakhs ₹10 each) CCD issued by Varos Technology Private Limited which is
              recognised at cost as per Ind AS 27 "Separate Financial Statements" . The same shall be converted into one equity
              share of face value Rs.10/- each after 9 years 11 months and shall rank pari-passu in all respects with the existing
              Equity Shares of the Company.
      4.      The Company invested in CCD rated 0.001% (45.225 Lakhs ₹10 each) issued by Varos Technology Private Limited
              which is recognised at cost as per Ind AS 27 "Separate Financial Statements" . The same shall be converted into
              one equity share of face value Rs.10/- each after 9 years 11 months and shall rank pari-passu in all respects with the
              existing Equity Shares of the Company.

                                                                   Units (nos.)         Amounts         Units (nos.)         Amounts
      Aggregate amount of quoted investments                           1376519           1,673.43           1433967           2,583.58
      Aggregate amount of unquoted investments                        13235923           1,428.44          10055923           1,110.44
                                                                      14612442           3,101.87          11489890           3,694.02

                                                                                       As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
 4    Other Financial asset (Non-current)
      (Unsecured, considered good)
      Security deposits                                                                               172.34                    175.80
      2000000 (2022: Nil ) Debentures at face value of ₹ 10 /- each fully paid-
      up.
      Bank Deposits with more than 12 months maturity                                                 383.72                     18.72
                                                                                                      556.06                    194.52
      Notes:
      (i)     No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from
              firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member except security
              deposit
            given to Kolsite Corporation LLP amounting to ₹ 20.35 Lakhs (2025 :  ₹ 20.35 lakhs)
                                                                                As at 31 March 2026              As at 31 March 2025
 5    Deferred tax assets / (liabilities)
      Provision for doubtful debts and advances                                                 265.13                           201.86
      Provision for leave encashment                                                             46.46                            31.84
      Provision for gratuity                                                                     19.32                            19.15
      Provision for bonus                                                                        24.06                            22.97
      Excess of depreciation/amortisation on fixed assets under income tax                  (1,057.12)                       (1,093.48)
      law over depreciation/amortisation provided in accounts
      Fair valuation of non-current investments                                                  15.99                          (27.00)
      Fair valuation of current investments                                                      15.99                            27.00
      MAT credit entitlement                                                                         -                                -
      Net deferred tax assets / (liabilities)                                                 (670.18)                         (817.66)
      Refer note no. 42 on Income taxes for further disclosures.

84   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 87 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                                  (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                      As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
 6   Other non-current assets
     Capital advances
           Considered good                                                                          1,196.09                   433.44
     Other than capital advance
           Security deposits with revenue authorities                                                   6.47                      6.47
                                                                                                    1,202.56                   439.91
     Notes:
     (i)     No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from
             firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member.

                                                                                      As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
 7   Inventories ( at cost or net realisable value, whichever is lower)
     Raw materials                                                                                 16,450.94                17,885.83
     Work-in-progress                                                                              12,087.14                11,128.95
                                                                                                   28,538.08                29,014.77
 8   Current investments
     Mutual Funds                                                                                   2,258.74                 5,349.26
                                                                                                    2,258.74                 5,349.26
     Investment in Mutual Funds measured at Fair Value through Profit and Loss
     Quoted investments
     Paritculars                                                     As at 31 March 2026                  As at 31 March 2025
                                                                   Units (nos.)      Amounts            Units (nos.)     Amounts
     Motilal Oswal Most Focused Multicap 35 Fund (R)                   190380           97.20               190380          108.62
     HSBC Value fund - Direct Growth                                     50448          57.71                 50448          55.25
     Mirae Asset India Opportunity fund - Growth (D)                     40501          45.81                 40501          47.63
     ICICI Prudential Liquid Fund Growth (D)                             89350         364.27               317239        1,217.87
     Kotak Liquid Fund Direct Plan Growth                                 7204         400.91                 23868       1,250.55
     HDFC Liquid Fund Direct Plan Growth                                  6932         374.99                 24107       1,227.88
     Kotak Equity Arbitrage Fund - Direct Plan Growth                  745024          313.13              1235577          486.23
     ICICI Prudential Equity Arbitrage Fund Direct                     803702          310.07              1337717          483.56
     Growth
     TATA Arbitrage Fund Direct Plan Growth                           1536997             243.97           2836320             420.93
     Kotak Flexi cap Fund-Direct Plan-Growth                            58362              50.68             58362              50.74
                                                                      3528899           2,258.74           6114519           5,349.26
     Note:
     The investments are valued on the basis of market value as on the Balance Sheet date.
                                                                                      As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
 9    Trade receivables
     Trade receivables (Unsecured) :
     - Considered good                                                                              7,998.99                 9,091.70
     - Receivables which have significant increase in credit risk                                   1,053.44                   802.06
                                                                                                    9,052.43                 9,893.76
     Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                     1,053.44                   802.06
                                                                                                    7,998.99                 9,091.70
     Note:
     As at March 31, 2025, the Company has outstanding trade receivables amounting to ₹3,039 lakhs from Hero Electric Vehicle
     Pvt. Ltd. (HEVPL). Pursuant to an order dated December 20,2024, the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT)
     has admitted an application to initiate corporate insolvency resolution process (CIRP) against HEVPL under the Insolvency
     and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. In view of the initiation of insolvency proceedings and pending recoveries, the Company has

                                                                                                 43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 85

===== PAGE 88 =====
      recognized a provision for doubtful debts pertaining to receivables from HEVPL using the Expected Credit Loss Model as per
      Ind AS 109, additionally considering the existing business position of HEVPL, it is estimated that warranty provisions would
      no longer be required against the sales to HEVPL in previous years. Accordingly, provision for warranty pertaining to such
      sales have been reversed.
      Trade Receivables ageing as on 31 March 2026
       Particulars                                             Outstanding from due date of payment                              Total
                                            Not due       Less than       6 months -   1 year to 2   2 year to 3    More than
                                                          6 months          1 year        year          year         3 years
       Undisputed Trade Receivables
       Considered good                       4128.45         379.88           115.41       471.76      2,021.56       1,913.97   9,031.04
       Credit impaired                                                                                                                   -
       which have significant increase in
       credit risk
       Disputed Trade Receivables
       considered good                                                                                                  21.39      21.39
       credit impaired
       which have significant increase in
       credit risk
       Sub Total                             4,128.45        379.88           115.41       471.76      2,021.56       1,935.36   9,052.43
       Less: Provision for Doubtful Debts             -               -        24.36        96.96        476.99        455.13    1,053.44
       Total                                 4,128.45        379.88            91.06       374.80      1,544.56       1,480.23   7,998.99

      Trade Receivables ageing as on 31 March 2025
       Particulars                                             Outstanding from due date of payment                              Total
                                            Not due       Less than       6 months -   1 year to 2   2 year to 3    More than
                                                          6 months          1 year        year          year         3 years
       Undisputed Trade Receivables
       Considered good                       4,437.87       1,256.32           63.36     2,037.30      1,146.22        931.29    9,872.36
       Credit impaired                                -                                                                                  -
       which have significant increase in
       credit risk
       Disputed Trade Receivables
        considered good                                                                                                 21.39      21.39
        credit impaired
         which have significant increase
       in credit risk
       Sub Total                             4,437.87       1,256.32           63.36     2,037.30      1,146.22        952.68    9,893.75
       Less: Provision for Doubtful Debts                                       8.59       292.26        273.75        227.46     802.06
       Total                                 4,437.87       1,256.32           54.77     1,745.04        872.47        725.22    9,091.70

      Note:
      Trade receivables from related parties are disclosed in note 38.

                                                                                          As at 31 March 2026        As at 31 March 2025
 10    Cash and cash equivalents
        Balances with Banks
        Cash on hand                                                                                         3.48                   4.60
        Balance with banks in current and cash credit accounts                                            193.69                 190.32
                                                                                                          197.17                 194.92
10A     Other Balances with Banks
               Unclaimed dividend accounts (earmarked accounts)                                            32.57                   35.12
               Margin Money and Security Deposits                                                          70.98                 521.02
               (Having maturrity more than 3 months but less than 12 Months )
                                                                                                          103.54                 556.14


86    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 89 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                                 (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                     As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
 11   Loans
      (Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
      - Loan to employees                                                                             83.37                     74.25
                                                                                                      83.37                     74.25
      Note:
      No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from firms
      where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member.
                                                                                     As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
 12   Other current financial assets
      Derivative assets measured at Fair Value through Profit and Loss                                 4.97                          -
      Other than derivative assets
         Export incentive receivable                                                                  17.36                     18.76
         Interest receivables                                                                         18.41                     22.11
         Other receivables                                                                             0.33                     40.21
         Bank Deposits (with less than 12 months maturity)                                          266.40                    257.71
         Security deposits                                                                            16.01                      6.75
                                                                                                    323.48                    345.53
      Note:
      No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from firms
      where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member.
                                                                                     As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
 13   Other current assets
      Advance to vendors                                                                          2,208.84                  1,344.47
      Balances with Government Authorities                                                        4,938.46                  3,598.70
      Licenses in hand                                                                                11.11                     18.24
      Advance for expenses                                                                            31.07                     10.07
      Prepaid expense                                                                               194.59                    194.80
      Others                                                                                         (5.89)                      0.03
      Gratuity (Refer note 37.1)                                                                           -                    60.99
                                                                                                  7,378.19                  5,227.30
      Note:
      No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from firms
      where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member.
                                                                                     As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
 14   Equity Share capital
      Authorised:
      4,00,00,000 (Previous year 4,00,00,000) equity shares of ₹ 5 each fully                     2,000.00                  2,000.00
      paid up
                                                                                                  2,000.00                  2,000.00
      Issued, subscribed and fully paid up:
      3,49,72,836 (Previous year 3,49,72,836) equity shares of ₹ 5 each fully                     1,748.64                   1748.64
      paid up
                                                                                                  1,748.64                   1748.64




                                                                                                43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 87

===== PAGE 90 =====
                                                                                                                  (Amount in ` Lakhs)
14.1 Reconciliation of the number of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year:
       Paritculars                                                 As at 31 March 2026                  As at 31 March 2025
                                                                 Number of         (`) in lakhs        Number of          (`) in lakhs
                                                                   shares                                shares
       Equity shares
       At the beginning of the year                               34972836              1,748.64        34972836             1,748.64
       Addition during the year*
       Outstanding at the end of the year                         34972836              1,748.64        34972836             1,748.64
       *Previous year the Company has issued 1,381,730 shares of ₹ 5 Each at the premium of ₹ 324 each.
14.2 The Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of ₹ 5 per share. Each shareholder is eligible for one
     vote per share held. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the
     Company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding. The dividend proposed by the
     Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, except in case of
     interim dividend.
14.3 Number of equity shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares in the Company are as follows:
       Name of the shareholders                                  Number of               % of       Number of                    % of
                                                              shares as at        shares held    shares as at             shares held
                                                             31 March 2026                      31 March 2025
       Anand Kabra                                                 6364055                18.20       6364055                   18.20
       Kolsite Corporation LLP                                      3807295               10.89          3828888                10.95
       Shreevallabh G. Kabra                                            1000                   -         1249270                 3.57
       Kolsite Industries                                           2251826                 6.44         2251826                 6.44
       Shreevallabh Kabra Family Trust                              3048455                 8.72         1799185                 5.14
       Ekta Anand Kabra                                             3267600                 9.34         3157966                 9.03
14.4 Shares held by promoters

       Promoter name                               As on 31 March 2026                             As on 31 March 2025
                                                No. of      %of total      Change             No. of          %of total      Change
                                               Shares        shares      during the          Shares            shares      during the
                                                                               year                                              year
       Anand S. Kabra                        6364055          18.20%            0.00%       6364055            18.20%          0.00%
       Shreevallabh G. Kabra                    1000           0.00%           -3.57%       1249270             3.57%         -4.29%
       Ekta A. Kabra                         3267600           9.34%            0.31%       3157966             9.03%          0.00%
       Veenadevi S. Kabra                          0           0.00%            0.00%          1000             0.00%          0.00%
       Saritadevi S. Kabra                      2000           0.01%            0.00%          2000             0.01%          0.00%
       Satyanarayan G. Kabra                    2000           0.01%            0.00%          2000             0.01%          0.00%
       Varun S. Kabra                           2000           0.01%            0.00%          2000             0.01%          0.00%
       Shaurya A. Kabra                       175861           0.50%            0.00%        175861             0.50%          0.00%
       Khushi A. Kabra                        175861           0.50%            0.00%        175861             0.50%          0.00%
       Kolsite Industries                    2251826           6.44%            0.00%       2251826             6.44%          0.00%
       Kolsite Corporation LLP               3807295          10.89%           -0.06%       3828888            10.95%          0.00%
       Plastiblends India Limited             827372           2.37%            0.00%        827372             2.37%          0.00%
       Veenadevi Kabra Family Trust          1229194           3.51%            0.00%       1229194             3.51%          0.00%
       Shreevallabh Kabra Family Trust       3048455           8.72%            3.57%       1799185             5.14%          4.29%
       Total                                21154519          60.49%            0.25%    2,10,66,478           60.24%          0.00%

                                                                                  As at 31 March 2026           As at 31 March 2025
 15    Other equity
       Securities Premium & Warrant proceeds                                                   10,542.61                    10,542.61
       General Reserve                                                                             5,476.10                  5,476.10
       Retained Earnings                                                                       26,970.36                    28,767.96
                                                                                               42,989.07                    44,786.67

88    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 91 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                             (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                 As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
      Share Premium & Warrant proceeds
      Opening balance                                                                       10,542.61                10,542.61
      Add: Issue of shares & warrants during the year                                                 -                       -
      Closing Balance                                                                       10,542.61                10,542.61
      General Reserve
      Opening balance                                                                         5,476.10                5,476.10
      Add : Transferred from Profit and Loss Account                                                  -                       -
      Closing Balance                                                                         5,476.10                5,476.10
      Retained Earnings
      Opening balance                                                                       26,353.40                24,190.24
      Profit for the year                                                                     (244.28)                3,387.21
      Gain on Equity Instruments which was classified under FVTOCI                             122.10                         -
      transferred
      OCI Reserve adjustment                                                                                                  -
      Dividend paid - ₹ 3.50 per share (2024: ₹ 3.50 per share)                               (874.32)               (1,224.05)
      Balance carried forward                                                               25,356.90                26,353.40
      Other comprehensive income
      Opening balance                                                                         2,414.56                3,079.73
      Other comprehensive income for the year                                                 (679.00)                 (665.18)
      Tranferred to Retained Earnings                                                         (122.10)                     0.00
      Balance carried forward                                                                 1,613.46                2,414.56
                                                                                            42,989.07                44,786.67
      Notes : Purpose and use of each Reserve
      1    Securities Premium Reserve
           According to Section 52 of the Act, Securities premium can be used for the following purposes
           •     For the issue of fully paid bonus share capital
           •     For meeting the preliminary expenses incurred by the company
           •     For the meeting the expenses, commision or discount incurred concerning securities previously issued by the
                 company
           •     For ensuring the availiablity of the premium on the redemption of redeemable debentures of preference share
                 capital of the company
           •     For funding a scheme of buy-back of securities which is conducted in compaliance with the provisions of section
                 68 of the company Act
      2    General Reserve
           General reserve is referred to as the reserve fund that is created by keeping aside a part of profit earned by the
           business during the course of an accounting period for fulfilling various business needs like meeting contingencies,
           offsetting future losses enhancing the working capital, paying dividends to the shareholders etc
      3    Retained Earnings
           Retained earnings are the portion of a company's cumulative profit that is held or retained and saved for future use
           Retained earnings could be used for funding an expansion or paying dividends to shareholders at a later date.

                                                                                 As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
 16   Provisions
      Provision for employee benefits                                                           144.07                  102.02
          Compensated Absences                                                                   19.30                   19.30
          Other employee Benefits (refer note i)                                                259.91                  541.03
          Provision for Long term Warranty                                                      423.28                  662.35


                                                                                           43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 89

===== PAGE 92 =====
                                                                                                                     (Amount in ` Lakhs)
Notes
(i)    The provision for employee benefits includes long term service reward .
(ii)   Movement in warranties provision

        Particulars                                                                              For the year          For the year
                                                                                                    ended                 ended
                                                                                                31 March 2026         31 March 2025
        Opening balance                                                                                   1,162.72              1,340.47
        Additions during the year                                                                          230.38                 360.13
        Amount utilised/reversal                                                                          (512.08)              (537.89)
        Closing Balance                                                                                    881.01               1,162.72
       The provision for warranty claims represents the present value as best estimate of the future economic outflows that will be
       required under the Company’s obligations for warranties.The estimate has been made on the basis of historical warranty
       trends and may vary as a result of new materials, altered manufacturing processes or other events affecting product
       quality. 				
16(a) Other Non current liabilities

                                                                                         As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
        Other dues                                                                                      840.53                   840.53
                                                                                                        840.53                   840.53
       The other dues pertain to the "Manufacturing and Other Operations in Warehouse Regulations" (MOOWR) scheme. Under
       this scheme, the Basic Customs Duty and IGST on the import of the plant & Machinery are deferred until the goods are
       cleared for home consumption.

                                                                                         As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
  17    Borrowings
        Long term borrowing
        - From banks
                Secured (refer note (iii) below)                                                         16.89                   562.49
                Unsecured                                                                                      -                        -
                                                                                                         16.89                   562.49
                Less - Current maturity of long term borrowing                                            11.06                  545.60
                                                                                                           5.83                    16.89
        Short-term Borrowings
                Unsecured                                                                                      -               3,000.00
                Secured                                                                              14,091.64                 9,016.15
                Add - Current maturity of long term borrowing                                             11.06                  545.60
                                                                                                     14,102.70                12,561.75
        Notes:
        (i)       Working Capital loans are secured by hypothecation of Company's all present and future movable assets and book
                  debts. The fund based limits are payable on demand basis to banks.
        (ii)      Term loan of ₹ 0 crores (2025: ₹ 5.35 crores) is secured by first Charge by way of mortgage on immovable fixed
                  Assets (Industrial Land & Building) at Pune, Maharashtra and First Charge by way of Hypothecation of movable
                  fixed assets at Pune, Maharashtra. There was no default continuing or otherwise as at the Balance Sheet date, in
                  repayment of any of the above borrowings.
        (iii)     The company has used the borrowed funds for the specific purpose for which it was taken on the Balance Sheet date.
        (iv)      The quarterly returns or statements of current assets, filed by the Company with banks or financial institutions are in
                  agreement with the Books of Accounts of the Company.




90     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 93 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                                     (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                    As at 31 March 2026            As at 31 March 2025
17(a) Lease Liabilities
       Total Lease Liabilities                                                                       396.69                     243.08
       Current Lease Liabilities                                                                     257.23                      87.34
       Non Current Lease Liabilities                                                                 139.46                     155.74
                                                                                                     396.69                     243.08

                                                                                    As at 31 March 2026            As at 31 March 2025
 18    Trade payables
       Total outstanding due of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises                                  219.74                     309.88
       Total outstanding due of other than Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises                     6,269.94                   7,094.07
                                                                                                   6,489.68                   7,403.95
      Notes:
      (i)    Refer note no 38 for Trade payables to related parties.
      (ii)   Ageing of Trade payables.
      Current year

       Particulars                               Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
                                                  Not due       Less than      1-2 years       2-3 years       More than       Total
                                                                 1 year                                         3 years
       (i)   	 MSME undisputed                       219.74                -               -               -             -      219.74
       (ii)  	 Others undisputed                   5,538.88        471.25         188.78                   -             -    6,198.92
       (iii) 	 Disputed dues – MSME                         -              -               -               -             -             -
       (iv) 	 Disputed dues – Others                        -              -               -       31.60            39.42        71.02
       Total                                       5,758.62        471.25         188.78           31.60            39.42     6,489.68
       Previous year

       Particulars                               Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
                                                  Not due       Less than      1-2 years       2-3 years       More than       Total
                                                                 1 year                                         3 years
       (i)   	 MSME Undisputed                       309.88                -               -               -                       310
       (ii)  	 Others Undisputed                      6,636            81.69      228.80                   -                     6,947
       (iii) 	 Disputed dues – MSME                         -              -               -               -                           -
       (iv) 	 Disputed dues – Others                        -              -               -       31.47           115.77          147
        Total                                      6,946.22            81.69      228.80           31.47           115.77     7,403.95
      Disclosure in respect of the amounts payable to Micro and Small enterprises, as defined under Micro, Small and Medium
      Enterprises Development Act, 2006 has been made in the financial statements based on information received and available
      with the Company.

       Particulars                                                                                     As at                    As at
                                                                                               31 March 2026            31 March 2025
       The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any                      219.74                    309.88
       supplier as at the end of each accounting period;
       The amount of interest paid by the buyer as per the Micro Small and                                     -                       -
       Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (MSMED Act, 2006)
       The amount of the payments made to micro and small suppliers beyond                                     -                       -
       the appointed day during each accounting year
       The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making                                -                       -
       payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the
       year) but without adding the interest specified under MSMED Act, 2006




                                                                                                 43rd Annual Report 2025-26        | 91

===== PAGE 94 =====
                                                                                                               (Amount in ` Lakhs)

       Particulars                                                                                As at                   As at
                                                                                          31 March 2026           31 March 2025
       The amount of interest accrued for unpaid principal at the end of each                            -                      -
       accounting year
       The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the                              -                      -
       succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues as above are
       actually paid to the small enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a
       deductible expenditure under the MSMED Act, 2006

                                                                                    As at 31 March 2026      As at 31 March 2025
 19    Other financial liabilities
       Derivative liabilities
           Foreign currency forward contracts                                                         -                      5.67
       Other than derivative liability:
           Unclaimed dividend                                                                     32.57                    35.12
           Employee bonds                                                                         12.10                    16.10
           Expenses payable                                                                    1,004.54                   933.22
           Salary Payable                                                                       643.90                    590.34
                                                                                               1,693.10                 1,580.45
       Note:
       Unclaimed dividend of Rs 4.02L pertaining to FY 2016-17 is transfered to IEPF
                                                                                    As at 31 March 2026      As at 31 March 2025
 20    Other current liabilities
       Advances from customers                                                                 5,938.68                 7,321.94
       Statutory remittances (contributions to provident fund, employee state                   187.05                    188.71
       insurance, professional tax, withholding taxes,
       goods and service tax etc.)
       Security Deposits                                                                          17.65                    17.55
       GST Payable                                                                             1,130.37                      5.66
                                                                                               7,273.74                 7,533.86
 21    Provisions
       Provision for employee benefits
           Compensated Absences                                                                   40.55                    24.49
           Gratuity                                                                               76.75                         -
       Other provisions
           Provision for warranty                                                               621.10                    621.69
                                                                                                738.40                    646.18

                                                                                    For the Year Ended       For the Year Ended
                                                                                         31 March 2026            31 March 2025
 22    Revenue from operations
       Sale of products                                                                      44,073.43                 46,935.32
       Sale Of Services                                                                         564.76                   295.35
       Other Operating Revenues                                                                 461.64                   454.02
                                                                                             45,099.83                 47,684.69
       Note :
       Other operating revenue includes export incentive amounting to ₹ 74.65 lakhs (Previous year : ₹ 85.49 Lakhs)


92    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 95 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                           (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                 For the Year Ended      For the Year Ended
                                                                                      31 March 2026           31 March 2025
 23   Other income
      Income from Current Investments
      Interest income from Financial Assets                                                     47.69                  105.08
      Dividend income from Equity Instruments designated at FVTOCI                              34.41                   60.94
      Profit on sale of investments measured at FVTPL                                         321.27                   233.29
      Mark to Market investments measured at FVTPL                                           (111.79)                  188.78
      Government Incentive (refer note below)                                                       -                   70.00
      Foreign Exchange Gain                                                                         -                    7.35
      Provisions written back                                                                 370.29                   610.09
      Profit on sale of Property, Plant & Equipment                                             26.62                        -
      Fair value changes in derivative instruments                                                 11                        -
      Other                                                                                 1,668.41                    22.91
                                                                                            2,367.55                 1,298.45
      Note:
      Previous year the Company has received an incentive under "Modified Special Incentive Package" Scheme amounting
      to ₹ 17.07 crores during the year, out of which ₹ 16.37 crores have been adjusted against the carrying value of eligible
      Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets using Capital Approach and ₹ 0.70 crores are being recognised as
      income in the Profit and Loss Account.
                                                                                 For the Year Ended      For the Year Ended
                                                                                      31 March 2026           31 March 2025
 24   Cost of materials consumed
      Inventory of materials at the beginning of the year                                  17,885.83               15,655.81
      Add : Purchases during the year                                                      27,561.57               34,278.62
      Inventory of materials at the end of the year                                       (16,450.94)             (17,885.83)
                                                                                           28,996.45               32,048.60
 25   Changes in inventories (WIP & FG)
      Inventories at the beginning of the year                                             11,128.95                 8,194.43
      Inventories at the end of the year                                                   12,087.14                11,128.95
                                                                                             (958.19)              (2,934.52)
 26   Employee benefits expenses
      Salaries, wages and incentives                                                        7,089.17                 6,068.58
      Contribution to provident and other funds                                               528.29                   260.09
                                                                                            7,617.46                 6,328.67
 27   Finance costs
      Interest expenses                                                                     1,059.88                   914.04
      Bill discounting & factoring charges                                                       9.23                  175.47
      Other borrowing costs                                                                     70.13                   27.79
                                                                                            1,139.25                 1,117.31
 28   Depreciation and amortisation expenses
      Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (owned assets)                          2,498.55                 1,298.83
      Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (leased assets)                             13.91                   13.91
      Depreciation on Right of Use assets                                                     270.35                         -
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                                       174.06                   244.44
                                                                                            2,956.87                 1,557.18



                                                                                           43rd Annual Report 2025-26     | 93

===== PAGE 96 =====
                                                                                                              (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                     For the Year Ended   For the Year Ended
                                                                                          31 March 2026        31 March 2025
 29     Other expenses
        Rates and taxes                                                                          30.19                   21.75
        Rent                                                                                     14.21                  120.63
        Insurance                                                                               106.76                   97.28
        Commission on sales                                                                     896.52                  742.75
        Power and fuel                                                                          408.78                  360.12
        Repairs and maintenance
            Building                                                                              27.36                   26.37
            Plant & Equipment                                                                    122.12                  169.92
        Travelling expenses                                                                      918.90                  769.88
        Packing Charge                                                                           400.02                  281.36
        Frieght expenses                                                                         330.35                  265.76
        Research and development expenses                                                        552.18                  528.29
        Sales Promotion expenses                                                                 669.08                  174.21
        Legal and Professional charges                                                           464.94                  378.68
        Payment to Auditor                                                                        12.50                   12.00
        Contributions towards CSR (Refer note 29)                                                 82.59                   99.95
        Office Expenses                                                                          156.76                  173.14
        Factory Expenses                                                                         287.25                  274.32
        Foreign exchange losses                                                                   16.34                       -
        Warranty expenses                                                                        230.38                  360.13
        Provision for doubtful debts                                                             251.38                  552.80
        Miscellaneous expenses                                                                   818.19                  609.45
        Contract Labour Charges                                                                1,317.84                1,033.98
                                                                                               8,114.64                7,052.77
30     Expenditure in respect of Corporate Social Responsibility :
       The Company has contributed ₹ 85.59 Lakhs (31 March 2024 : ₹ 99.95 Lakhs) towards Corporate Social Responsibility
       (CSR), which is shown in “Other Expenses” [Note No.29 ] to the Notes to Financial Statements.
Sr.                                        Description                                        For the year         For the year
No.                                                                                                 ended                ended
                                                                                            31 March 2026        31 March 2025
 (a) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year                                82.60                93.03
 (b) Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any [out of surplus of                  4.00                        -
     previous financial years].
 (c) Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or activities of the                           -                       -
     previous financial years (net of set off)
 (d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year                                                     78.60                 93.03
 (e) Amount of expenditure incurred during the year                                                  69.66                 99.94
 (f)    Shortfall/(Surplus) at the end of the year                                                    8.94                (6.91)
        Less: Amount remained unutilised                                                                  -                       -
 (g) Net Shortfall / (Surplus) at the end of the year                                                     -               (6.91)
 (h) Reason for shortfall (refer note below)                                                              -                       -
 (i)    Nature of CSR activities:                                                                         -                       -
        (i)     Ensuring environmental sustainability, ecological balance, protection                 5.26                 91.72
                of flora and fauna, animal welfare, agroforestry, conservation of natural
                resources and maintaining quality of soil, air and water.
        (ii)    Promoting education including special education                                      64.40                  8.22
        (iii)   Eradicating hunger, poverty and malnutrition (promoting health care,                      -                       -
                including preventive health care and sanitation)


94     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 97 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                               (Amount in ` Lakhs)
Sr.                                         Description                                        For the year         For the year
No.                                                                                                  ended                ended
                                                                                             31 March 2026        31 March 2025
 (j) Details of related party transactions, e.g. contribution to a trust controlled by the                -                    -
     Company in relation to CSR expenditure as per relevant Accounting Standard.
 (k) Whereas provision is made with respect to a liability incurred by entering into a                     -                    -
     contractual obligation, the movements in the provision during the year shall be
     shown separately.
 (l) Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years                                            -                 6.91
       Note :
       Amount of short fall has been deposited into a saperate bank account as prescribed under act and same has been utilized
       during the current year.
       * Note : Out of surplus from previous year (6.91L), the company decided to set off Rs 4L during the FY 25-26
31     Auditor's Remuneration
       Particulars                                                                             For the Year         For the Year
                                                                                                     Ended                Ended
                                                                                             31 March 2026        31 March 2025
       -        As auditor
                Audit Fees                                                                             5.00                  5.00
                Limited Review                                                                         7.50                  5.00
                Tax Audit Fees                                                                         0.50                  0.50
       -        In other capacity
                Certification and other services                                                       0.50                 0.50
       -        Reimbursment expenses                                                                  1.38                 1.00
                                                                                                      14.88                12.00
32     Exceptional Items

       Particulars                                                                              FY 2025-26            FY 2024-25
                                                                                                    ₹lakhs                ₹ lakhs
       Profit on sale of investment in Joint Venture                                                       -              848.98
       Additional provision for Gratuity as per new labour code                                     (24.12)                     -
       Total		                                                                                      (24.12)               848.98
       The Company has sold its investment in Penta Auto Feeding India Limited (Joint venture). Accordingly, Penta Auto Feeding
       India Limited ceased to be a Joint Venture of the Company from the effective date February 06, 2025. The resultant gain of
       ₹ 8.49 crores has been classified and presented as an exceptional item in accordance with Ind AS 1 “Presentation of
       Financial Statements”.
33     Basic and diluted earnings per share
       Particulars                                                                             For the Year         For the Year
                                                                                                     Ended                Ended
                                                                                             31 March 2026        31 March 2025
       Nominal value per equity share (in ₹)                                                           5.00                 5.00
       Profit for the year                                                                         (244.28)              3,387.21
       Weighted average number of equity shares (Basic)# (in lakhs)                                 349.73                349.73
       Weighted average number of equity shares (Diluted)* (in lakhs)                               349.73                349.73
       Earnings per share - Basic (in ₹)                                                             (0.70)                  9.69
       Earnings per share - Diluted (in ₹)                                                           (0.70)                  9.69
       Notes:
       # Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company by the
       weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.				
       * Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders by the weighted average number
       of equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of equity shares that would be issued on
       conversion of all the dilutive potential equity shares into equity shares.


                                                                                             43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 95

===== PAGE 98 =====
                                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
34   Financial Instruments
34.1 Financial Instruments by category
     The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as on 31 March 2026 are as follows:
      Particulars                                               Amortised            FVTPL            FVTOCI         Total carrying
                                                                  cost                                                   value
      Financial Assets
      Investments in equity instruments (non-current)                  150.08                 -          1,673.43         1,823.51
      Investments in debt instruments (non-current)                  1,278.35                 -                 -         1,278.35
      Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)                      -          2,258.74                 -         2,258.74
      Trade receivables                                              7,998.99                 -                 -         7,998.99
      Cash and cash equivalents                                        197.17                 -                 -           197.17
      Other balances with banks                                        103.54                 -                 -           103.54
      Loans                                                             83.36                 -                 -            83.36
      Other financial assets                                           874.57              4.97                 -           879.54
      Total Assets                                                  10,686.06          2,263.71          1,673.43        14,623.20
      Financial Liabilities
      Borrowings                                                    14,108.53                  -                 -       14,108.53
      Lease Liabilities                                                396.69                  -                 -          396.69
      Trade payables - MSME                                            219.74                  -                 -          219.74
      Trade payables - Other                                         6,269.94                  -                 -        6,269.94
      Other financial liabilities                                    1,693.10                  -                 -        1,693.10
      Total Liabilities                                             22,688.00                  -                 -       22,688.00
     The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as on 31 March 2025 are as follows:
      Particulars                                               Amortised           FVTPL            FVTOCI          Total carrying
                                                                  cost                                                   value
      Financial Assets
      Investments in equity instruments (non-current)                  150.08                 -          2,583.58         2,733.66
      Investments in debt instruments (non-current)                    960.35                 -                 -           960.35
      Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)                      -          5,349.25                 -         5,349.25
      Trade receivables                                              9,091.70                 -                 -         9,091.70
      Cash and cash equivalents                                        194.92                 -                 -           194.92
      Other balances with banks                                        556.14                 -                 -           556.14
      Loans                                                             74.24                 -                 -            74.24
      Other financial assets                                           540.05                 -                 -           540.05
      Total Assets                                                  11,567.49          5,349.25          2,583.58        19,500.32
      Financial Liabilities
      Borrowings                                                    12,578.64                  -                 -       12,578.64
      Lease Liabilities                                                243.08                  -                 -          243.08
      Trade payables - MSME                                            309.88                  -                 -          309.88
      Trade payables - Other                                         7,094.07                  -                 -        7,094.07
      Other financial liabilities                                    1,574.77               5.67                 -        1,580.45
      Total Liabilities                                             21,800.45               5.67                 -       21,806.12
34.2 Fair value hierarchy
     Financial assets and liabilities include cash and cash equivalents, other balances with banks, trade receivables, loans, other
     financial assets, trade payables and other financial liabilities whose fair values approximate their carrying amounts largely
     due to the short term nature of such assets and liabilities.
     Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value in the statement of financial position are grouped into
     three Levels of a fair value hierarchy. The three levels are defined based on the observability of significant inputs to the
     measurement, as follows:
     Level 1: Hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical
     assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date.
     Level 2: Hierarchy includes the fair value of financial instruments measured using quoted prices for identical or similar assets
     in markets that are not active.
     Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


96   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 99 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                              (Amount in ` Lakhs)
    Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2026
     Particulars                                                As at                  Fair value measurement as at
                                                            31 March 2026
                                                                                      Level 1           Level 2           Level 3
     Financial Assets
     Investment in equity instruments of Plastiblends              1,673.43          1,673.43                  -                 -
     India Ltd
     Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)              2,258.74          2,258.74                  -                -
     Investment in other instruments                               1,428.43                 -                  -         1,428.43
     Derivative Assets                                                    -              4.97                  -                -
     Total of financial assets                                     5,360.60          3,937.14                  -         1,428.43
     Financial Liabilities
     Derivative liability                                                  -                 -                 -                 -
     Total of financial liabilities                                        -                 -                 -                 -
    Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2025
     Particulars                                                As at                  Fair value measurement as at
                                                            31 March 2025         Level 1           Level 2               Level 3
     Financial assets
     Investment in equity instruments of Plastiblends              2,583.58          2,583.58                  -                 -
     India Ltd
     Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)              5,349.26          5,349.26                  -                -
     Investment in other instruments                               1,110.43                 -                  -         1,110.43
     Derivative Assets                                                    -                 -                  -
     Total of financial assets                                     9,043.27          7,932.84                  -         1,110.43
     Financial Liabilities
     Derivative liability                                                  -              5.67                 -                 -
     Total of financial liabilities                                        -                 -                 -                 -
    Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost :
    The management believes that the fair values of non-current financial assets (e.g. loans and others), current financial assets
    (e.g., cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, loans and others excluding other derivative assets) and current financial
    liabilities (e.g. trade payables and other payables excluding derivative liabilities) approximate their carrying amounts.
    The Company has not performed fair valuation of its investment in unquoted equity shares as mentioned in note no. 3 which
    are classified as FVTOCI, as the Company believes that impact of change on account of fair value is insignificant.
34.3 Financial risk management
    The Company's activities exposes it to market risks, credit risks and liquidity risks. In order to minimise any adverse effets
    on the financial performance of the Company, derivative financial instruments such as forward foreign exchange contract
    are entered to hedge the foreign currency risk exposures. Derivatives are used exclusively for hedging purposes and not as
    a trading or speculative purposes.
    The Company has exposure to the following risks arising from financial instruments :
    a.   Credit risk
         Credit risk is the risk of financial losses to the Company if a customer or counterparty to financial instruments fails to
         discharge its contractual obligations. It arises primarily from the Company's receivables from customers. To manage
         this, the Company periodically assesses the key accounts receivable balances. As per Ind-AS 109 : Financial
         Instruments, the Company uses expected credit loss model to assess the impairment loss or gain.
         The carrying amount of trade and other receivables and other financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure.
         i.    Trade receivables
               The management has established accounts receivable policy under which customer accounts are regularly
               monitored. The Company has a dedicated sales team which is responsible for collecting dues from the customer
               within stipulated period. The management reviews status of critical accounts on a regular basis.
               An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on consolidated basis for similar category of customer.
               The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of financial assets.
               The Company evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low, as its customers are
               located in several jurisdictions and operate in largely independent markets.

                                                                                            43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 97

===== PAGE 100 =====
                                                                                                                  (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                   Particulars                                                                         As at                    As at
                                                                                               31 March 2026            31 March 2025
                   Less Then 180 days                                                               4,508.33                 5,694.20
                   More than 180 days                                                               3,490.65                 3,397.50
          ii.   Financial instruments and Cash deposits
                Credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by the Company’s treasury department
                in accordance with Company’s policy. Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved counterparties
                and within credit limits assigned to each counterparty. Company monitors rating, credit spreads and financial
                strength of its counter parties. Based on ongoing assessment Company adjust it's exposure to various
                counterparties.
     b.   Liquidity risk
          Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial
          liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Company’s approach to managing liquidity
          is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due, under both
          normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Company’s reputation.
          The Company has a view of maintaining liquidity and to take minimum possible risk while making investments. In
          order to maintain liquidity, the Company invests its excess funds in short term liquid assets like liquid mutual funds.
          The Company monitors its cash and bank balances periodically in view of its short term obligations associated with its
          financial liabilities.
          The liquidity position at each reporting date is given below:
           Particulars                                                                                 As at                    As at
                                                                                               31 March 2026            31 March 2025
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    197.17                 194.92
           Other balances with banks                                                                    369.94                 813.85
           Investments in Mutual funds and others                                                     2,258.74               5,349.25
           Total                                                                                      2,825.86               6,358.02
          The following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities as on 31 March 2026.

           Particulars                                          Repayable on          Less than          More than               Total
                                                                    demand               1 year             1 year
           Borrowings                                              14,091.64              11.06               5.83          14,108.53
           Trade payables                                                      -        6,229.87             259.81          6,489.68
           Other financial liabilities                                         -        1,693.10                    -        1,693.10
          The following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities as on 31 March 2025.

           Particulars                                          Repayable on          Less than          More than               Total
                                                                    demand               1 year             1 year
           Borrowings                                              12,016.15             545.60              16.89          12,578.64
           Trade payables                                                  -           7,027.90             376.05           7,403.95
           Other financial liabilities                                     -           1,580.45                  -           1,580.45
c.   Market risk
     Market risk is a risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in
     market prices. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable
     parameters, while optimizing the return. Market risk comprises three types of risk interest rate risk, currency risk and
     other price risk such as equity price risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include borrowings, trade and other
     payables, foreign exchange forward contracts, security deposit, trade and other receivables, deposits with banks.
     i.   Foreign currency risk
          Foreign currency risk is the risk that fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because
          of changes in foreign exchange rate. Company transacts business in its functional currency (INR) and in other
          foreign currencies. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to
          the Company’s operating activities, where revenue or expense is denominated in a foreign currency. The Company
          manages its foreign currency risk by hedging foreign currency payables using foreign currency forward contracts
          or foreign currency options, principal only swaps etc. The Company negotiates the terms of those foreign currency
          forward contracts to match the terms of the hedged exposure.

98   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 101 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
          Exposure to Currency Risk
          The foreign currency risk from monetary assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2026 is as foliows:
                                                                                                                 (Amount in Lakhs)

          Particulars                      USD Equivalent ₹            CNH Equivalent ₹          EURO Equivalent ₹    Total ₹
          Trade receivables                1.94      181.35               -           -            0.16      16.95    198.30
          Trade payables                  24.78    2,316.43           20.93      283.81           13.13   1,418.70 4,018.94
          Net assets/(liabilities)      (22.84)  (2,135.08)         (20.93)    (283.81)         (12.97) (1,401.75) (3,820.64)

          The foreign currency risk from monetary assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2025 is as foliows:

          Particulars                     USD Equivalent ₹            CNH Equivalent ₹           EURO Equivalent ₹          Total ₹
          Trade receivables              10.60      905.93                -          -             0.02       2.31          908.24
          Trade payables                 16.24   1,387.00              0.03       0.41             0.89      82.26        1,469.66
          Net assets/(liabilities)       (5.63)   (481.07)           (0.03)     (0.41)           (0.86)    (79.95)        (561.42)

          Details of foreign currency exposures that are hedged by derivative instruments or otherwise:

          Particulars                                                                Currency            Amount         Equivalent
                                                                                                       in foreign             INR
                                                                                                        currency
          As at 31 March 2026                                                              USD               0.00              0.00
          As at 31 March 2025                                                              USD               2.42           201.33

          Foreign currency sensitivity on unhedged exposure

          Financial Year                                             Foreign        Change             Effect on       Effect on
                                                                    currency      in foreign        profit before pre-tax equity
                                                                             currency rates                   tax
          For 31 March 2026                                              USD            +5%               -106.75        -106.75
                                                                                        -5%                106.75         106.75
                                                                         EUR            +5%                -70.09         -70.09
                                                                                        -5%                 70.09          70.09
                                                                         CNH            +5%                -14.19         -14.19
                                                                                        -5%                 14.19          14.19
          For 31 March 2025                                              USD             5%                -13.99         -13.99
                                                                                        -5%                 13.99          13.99
                                                                         EUR             5%                 -4.00          -4.00
                                                                                        -5%                  4.00           4.00
                                                                         CNH             5%                 -0.02          -0.02
                                                                                        -5%                  0.02           0.02
    ii.   Interest rate risk							
          Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of
          changes in market interest rates. At the reporting date the interest rate profile of the Company's interest bearing
          financial instruments are follows:

          Particulars                                                                                As at                  As at
                                                                                             31 March 2026          31 March 2025
          Fixed rate instruments
          Borrowings                                                                               14,108.52             12,578.64
          Interest rate sensitivity on variable rate instruments

          Particulars                                                                                As at                  As at
                                                                                             31 March 2026          31 March 2025
          Impact on profit before tax or equity
          Increase by 50 basis points                                                                  -70.54                -62.89
          Decrease by 50 basis points                                                                  70.54                  62.89


                                                                                              43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 99

===== PAGE 102 =====
                                                                                                                 (Amount in ` Lakhs)
35    Capital management										
      The Company’s capital includes issued Equity Capital, Share Premium and Free Reserves.
      The Company’s policy is to meet the financial covenants attached to the interest-bearing borrowings by maintaining a strong
      capital base. The Company aims to sustain investor, creditor and market confidence so as to leverage such confidence for
      future capital/debt requirements.
      Management monitors the return on capital earned, the capital/debt requirements for various business plans under
      consideration and determines the level of dividends to equity shareholders.						
      No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the financial years ended on 31
      March 2026 and 31 March 2025.

      Particulars                                                                                  As at                    As at
                                                                                           31 March 2026            31 March 2025
      Total Shareholder's Equity as reported in Balance Sheet                                   44,737.69                46,535.30
      Net Debt:
          Short-term debt                                                                       14,102.70                12,561.75
          Long-term debt (including current portion of long-term debt)                                5.83                   16.89
      Gross Debt:                                                                               14,108.53                12,578.64
          Less:Cash and Bank Balances                                                              300.71                   751.06
      Net Debt/(Net Cash and Bank balances)                                                     13,807.82                11,827.58
36    Disclosure as per the requirement of section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006:
      Details of amounts outstanding to Micro and Small Enterprises as defined under the MSMED Act, 2006:
      There are no material dues owed by the Company to Micro and Small enterprises, which are outstanding for more than 45
      days during the year and as at 31 March 2026. This information as required under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
      Development Act, 2006 has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information
      available with the Company.

      Particulars                                                                                    As at                  As at
                                                                                             31 March 2026          31 March 2025
      The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any
      supplier at the end of each accounting year
      -     Principal amount remaining unpaid                                                        219.74                 309.88
      -     Interest accrued and remaining unpaid as at year end                                             -                    -
      The amount of interest paid by the buyer under MSMED Act, 2006 along with the                          -                    -
      amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day during
      each accounting year
      The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment                       -                    -
      (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without
      adding the interest specified under the MSMED Act, 2006
      The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of accounting year                      -                    -
      The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding                        -                    -
      years, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the
      small enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible expenditure under
      Section 23 of the MSMED Act, 2006

37    Details of employee benefits as required by Ind-AS 19 - "Employee benefits are as under":
      1    Defined contribution plan - Provident fund and other fund						
           The Company makes contribution towards employees’ provident fund and employees’ state insurance plan scheme.
           Under the schemes, the Company is required to contribute a specified percentage of payroll cost, as specified in the
           rules of the schemes, to these defined contribution schemes.						



100   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 103 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                                  (Amount in ` Lakhs)
            The company has done contribution in Superannuation Scheme and National Pension Scheme. The company has
            no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as employee
            benefit expenses when they are due.						
            An amount of Rs 528.29 lakhs (31st March 2025: 260.09 lakhs) is recognised as an expense and included in "Employee
            Benefit Expense" in the Statement of Profit and Loss Account.
            Note:
            The above amount includes the share of employer only.
      2     Defined benefit plan
            (i)      The defined benefit plan comprises gratuity, which is funded.
            (ii)     The company has a defined benefit gratuity plan The gratuity scheme of a company is covered under a group
                     gratuity cum life assurance cash accumulation policy offered by LIC of India
                     Actuarial gains and losses in respect of defined benefit plans are recognized in the Other Comprehensive Income
                     (OCI).
                     The Company provides for gratuity for employees in India as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Gratuity is
                     a benefit to an employee in India based on 15 days last drawn salary for each completed year of service with a
                     vesting period of five years.
                     These defined benefit plans expose the Company to actuarial risks, such as longevity risk and interest rate risk.
37.1 Details of employee benefits as required by Ind-AS 19 - "Employee benefits are as under" (continued)
(A)   Defined Benefit Plans
      (a)   The amounts recognized in Balance Sheet are as follows:

                     Particulars                                                                       As at                   As at
                                                                                               31 March 2026          31 March 2025
             (i)     Amount to be recognized in Balance Sheet
                     Present value of defined benefit obligation                                      1,196.89              1,026.10
                     Less: Fair value of plan assets                                                 (1,120.14)           (1,087.09)
                     Amount to be recognized as Liability or (Asset)                                     76.75                (60.99)
             (ii)    Amount to be reflected in Balance Sheet
                     Liabilities                                                                              -                     -
                     Assets                                                                              76.75                (60.99)
                     Net Liability/(Asset)                                                               76.75                (60.99)
      (b)   The amounts recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss are as follows:

                     Particulars                                                                       As at                   As at
                                                                                               31 March 2026          31 March 2025
             (i)     Employee Benefits Expense
                     Current service cost                                                               103.88                 82.25
                     Past service cost                                                                  233.15                      -
             (ii)    Acquisition (Gain)/ Loss                                                                 -                     -
             (iii)   Finance cost                                                                             -
                     Net Interest (Income)/Expense                                                         5.75                (6.18)
                     Actuarial losses/(gains)                                                                 -
                     Curtailment (gain)/ loss                                                                 -
                     Settlement (gain)/loss                                                                   -
                     Transfer in / (out)
                     Net periodic benefit cost recognized in the Statement of Profit                    342.77                 76.07
                     and Loss



                                                                                               43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 101

===== PAGE 104 =====
                                                                                                               (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      (c)   The amounts recognized in the Statement of Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)

                    Particulars                                                                     As at                   As at
                                                                                            31 March 2026          31 March 2025
            (i)     Re-measurements for the year-obligation (Gain)/Loss                            (176.93)                (13.26)
            (ii)    Re-measurements for the year-plan asset (Gain)/Loss                               (7.44)                (1.50)
                    Closing balances [re-measurements (Gain)/Loss recognized                       (184.37)                (14.76)
                    in OCI]
      (d)   The changes in the present value of defined benefit obligation representing reconciliation of opening and closing
            balances thereof are as follows:						

                    Particulars                                                                      As at                  As at
                                                                                            31 March 2026          31 March 2025
            (i)    Present value of obligation as at the beginning of the year                   1,026.10                 975.04
            (ii) Acquisition adjustment                                                                  -                      -
            (iii) Transfer in / (out)                                                                    -                      -
            (iv) Interest cost                                                                       79.41                  70.40
            (v) Past service cost                                                                   233.15                      -
            (vi) Current service cost                                                               103.88                  82.25
            (vii) Curtailment cost / (credit)                                                            -                      -
            (viii) Settlement cost/ (credit)                                                             -                      -
            (ix) Benefits paid                                                                     (68.71)                (88.33)
            (x) Re-measurements on obligation - (Gain) / Loss                                     (176.93)                (13.26)
                   Present value of obligation as at the end of the year                         1,196.89               1,026.10
      (e)   Changes in the fair value of plan assets representing reconciliation of the opening and closing balances thereof are as
            follows:						

                    Particulars                                                                     As at                   As at
                                                                                            31 March 2026          31 March 2025
            (i)     Fair value of the plan assets as at beginning of the year                      1,087.09              1,060.63
            (ii)    Acquisition adjustments                                                                -                     -
            (iii)   Transfer in/(out)                                                                      -                     -
            (iv)    Interest income                                                                   73.67                 76.58
            (v)     Contributions                                                                     20.66                 36.72
            (vi)    Mortality charges and taxes                                                            -                     -
            (vii) Benefits paid                                                                      (68.71)               (88.33)
            (viii) Amount paid on settlement                                                               -                     -
            (ix)    Return on plan assets, excluding amount recognized in Interest                      7.44                 1.50
                    Income - Gain / (Loss)
                    Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year                               1,120.14              1,087.09
      (f)   Net interest (income) /expenses

                    Particulars                                                                     As at                   As at
                                                                                            31 March 2026          31 March 2025
            (i)     Interest ( income) / expense – obligation                                         79.41                 70.40
            (ii)    Interest (income) / expense – plan assets                                        (73.67)               (76.58)
                    Net interest (Income) / Expense for the year                                        5.75                (6.18)
            Basis used to determine the overall expected return:
            The net interest approach effectively assumes an expected rate of return on plan assets equal to the beginning of the
            year discount rate. Expected return of 7.22 % has been used for the valuation purpose.




102   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 105 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                                     (Amount in ` Lakhs)
     (g)    Principal actuarial assumptions at the balance sheet date (expressed as weighted averages)

            Particulars                                                                                  As at                    As at
                                                                                                 31 March 2026           31 March 2025
            (i)     Discount rate                                                                          7.36%                    6.79%
            (iii)   Salary growth rate *                                                                   7.00%                    8.00%
            (ii)    Expected return on plan assets                                                         7.36%                    6.79%
            The estimates of future salary increase considered in actuarial valuation take into account inflation, seniority, promotion
            and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.
     (i)    General descriptions of defined benefit plans:
            The Company operates gratuity plan wherein every employee is entitled to the benefit equivalent to fifteen days salary
            last drawn for each completed year of service. The same is payable on termination of service or retirement, whichever
            is earlier. The benefit vests after five years of continuous service.
     (j)    Sensitivity Analysis
            Reasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other
            assumptions constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation by the amounts shown below.

            Projected benefit obligation on current                        FY 2025-26                            FY 2024-25
            assumptions                                             Defined benefit obligation           Defined benefit obligation
                                                                    Decrease        Increase             Decrease        Increase
            Discount rate (1 % movement)                                   92.55           (80.33)              83.41           (72.51)
            Future salary growth (1 % movement)                          (73.92)               83.06           (68.64)              75.84
            Attrition rate (1 % movement)                                    1.37               1.01             7.87               (7.18)
            Maturity profile of defined benefit plan
            Projected benefits payable in future years from the date of
                                                                                                       FY 2025-26           FY 2024-25
            reporting
            1st Following year                                                                             170.50                 90.51
            2nd Following year                                                                             114.35                 93.22
            3rd Following year                                                                             105.44                130.13
            4th Following year                                                                              91.29                 76.60
            5th Following year                                                                              82.04                 79.06
            Sum of years 6 to 10                                                                           503.72                362.53
            Sum of years 11 and above                                                                    1,329.67              1,125.66
38   Segment information
     The following is analysis of the revenue and results from continuing operations by reportable segments.
     Sr     Particulars                                                                                     Year ended
     No                                                                                        31 March 2026          31 March 2025
     (i)    Segment Revenue
            Extrusion Machinery Division                                                                31,488.99             36,285.02
            Battery Division                                                                            13,610.84             12,698.12
            Total Segment Revenue                                                                       45,099.83             48,983.14
     (ii)   Segment Results
            Extrusion Machinery Division                                                                 5,074.79              7,013.87
            Battery Division                                                                            (4,334.64)            (2,553.28)
            Total Segment Results                                                                          740.16              4,460.58
            Unallocated Corporate income net of unallocated expenses                                             -                       -
            Profit / (loss) before interest and taxation                                                   740.16              4,460.58
            Finance Cost                                                                                 1,139.25              1,117.31
            Profit (+)/loss (-) before exceptional items and share of loss                               (399.09)              3,343.28
            Share in profit/(loss) of joint ventures / associates                                                -                       -


                                                                                                 43rd Annual Report 2025-26         | 103

===== PAGE 106 =====
                                                                                                                     (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      Sr       Particulars                                                                                  Year ended
      No                                                                                      31 March 2026           31 March 2025
               Profit(+)/LossH before exceptional items and tax                                         (399.09)              3,343.28
               Exceptional items                                                                           (24.12)              848.98
               Profit(+)/ Loss( -) before tax                                                           (423.21)              4,192.26
               Tax Expenses
               Current Tax                                                                                       -            1,075.00
               MAT Credit Entitelment                                                                            -                    -
               (Excess)/Short provision for taxation in respect of earlier year                                  -                    -
               Deffered Tax                                                                             (178.93)               (269.94)
               Net Profit/ (loss) after tax                                                             (244.28)              3,387.20
               Other Comprehensive Income                                                               (679.00)               (665.18)
               Net Comprehensive Income                                                                 (923.28)              2,722.03
      (iii)    Segment Assets
               Extrusion Machinery Division                                                            36,338.05             36,311.38
               Battery Division                                                                        36,437.25             37,735.49
               Total Segment Assets                                                                    72,775.30             74,046.87
               Unallocated Corporate Assets                                                             4,596.53              4,908.56
               Total Assets                                                                            77,371.83             78,955.42
      (iv)     Segment Liabilities
               Extrusion Machinery Division                                                            12,107.34             13,621.14
               Battery Division                                                                         5,256.96              5,133.66
               Total Segment Liabilities                                                               17,364.30             18,754.80
               Unallocated Corporate Liabilities                                                       60,007.52             60,200.62
               Total Liabilities                                                                       77,371.83             78,955.42
      Revenue from external customers

       Sr Particulars                                                                                       Year ended
       No
                                                                                              31 March 2026           31 March 2025
           1   India                                                                                   39,191.86             41,022.11
           2   Outside India                                                                            5,751.82              6,507.94
      Segment revenue with major customers
      The Company has One customers during the year ended 31 March 2026 ( Previous year Two customer) accounting for more
      than 10% of its revenue from operations. During the year 19.11% (Previous year: 26.94%) of the Company’s revenue from
      operation was generated from these customers.
      Note :
      Company operates in two business segments i) Extrusion ii ) Geon.
39    Related party disclosures
      A.       Names of the related party and nature of relationship where control exists:
               Name of the Related Party                                          Nature of relationship
               (A)     Varos Technology Private Limited                           Subsidiary Company
               (B)     Kabra Energy Private Limited                               Subsidiary Company
               (C)     Penta Auto Feeding India Ltd.,                             Joint Venture Company
                       (date of cessation Feb-25)
               (D)     Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Private Limited              Joint Venture Company



104   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 107 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                            (Amount in ` Lakhs)
    B.   List of other related parties
         (i)   Key Management Personnel (KMPs)

                 Sr. No. Name of Related Parties                                  Designation
                   1     Anand Shreevallabh Kabra                                 Chairman & Managing Director
                   2     Ekta Anand Kabra                                         Vice Chairperson & MD
                   3     Shreevallabh G. Kabra (date of cessation 15/09/2025)     Executive Chairman
                   4     Boman Moradian                                           Independent Director
                   5     Chitra Andrade                                           Independent Director
                   6     Utpal Sheth                                              Independent Director
                   7     Munjal Kapadia                                           Independent Director
                   8     Daulat Jain (date of cessation 27/04/2026)               Chief Financial Officer
                   9     Uttam Singh (Period from 13/05/2026 to 19/06/2026)       Interim Chief Financial Officer
                   10    Shilpa Rathi                                             Company Secretary

         (ii)    Sr. No. Entities with whom there are transactions in the current year
                   1     Plastiblends India Ltd
                   2     Kolsite Corporation LLP                        Promoter Companies/Enterprises
                   3     Maharashtra Plastic & Industries

         (iii)   Sr. No. Entities with whom there are no transactions in the current year
                   1     Smartech Global Solution Ltd
                   2     Kabra Gloucester Engg Ltd
                   3     Taiyou Green Solutions Pvt Ltd                 Other Entities
                   4     VTRO Motors Private Limited
                   5     Kolsite Industries
    C.   Transactions with related parties during the year

          Type of          Name of The Party                Transaction Type                       As at                As at
          Relation                                                                         31 March 2026        31 March 2025
          Subsidiary      Kabra Energy Private     Investment in CCD                                        -                -
                          Limited                  Purchase and Sale of Goods                          0.19               0.21
                                                   and Services, Reimbursement of
                                                   Expenses
                          Varos Technology         Investment in CCD                              1,252.25             934.25
                          Private Limited          Issuance of Corporate Gurantee                           -                -
                                                   Purchase of goods & Services                       12.61            388.99
                                                   Reimbursement Income                                0.18               2.63
                                                   Sales of goods & Services                                -                -
          Joint Venture Kabra Mecanor Belling Purchase of goods & Services                                  -                -
                        Technik Pvt.Ltd.      Reimbursement Income                                     1.07               1.95
                                                   Rent Income                                         2.40               2.40
                                                   Sales of goods & Services                                -                -
          Promoter        Kolsite Corporation      Purchase of goods & Services                             -                -
          Companies/      LLP                      Reimbursement Expenses                              2.24               2.19
          Enterprise
                                                   Dividend Paid                                                       134.01
                                                   Rent Income                                        59.73             52.74
                                                   Sales of goods & Services                                -                -


                                                                                         43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 105

===== PAGE 108 =====
                                                                                               (Amount in ` Lakhs)

            Type of            Name of The Party            Transaction Type               As at           As at
            Relation                                                               31 March 2026   31 March 2025
                           Maharastra Plastics     Purchase of goods & Services                              0.05
                           & Ind.
                                                   Reimbursement Expense                                        -

                                                   Reimbursement Income                                         -

                                                   Rent Income                              2.01             1.80
                                                   Sales of goods & Services               26.10            32.11
                           Plastiblends India      Purchase of goods & Services             8.43           12.58
                           Limited
                                                   Reimbursement Expense                   16.68                -
                                                   Reimbursement Income                     0.36           15.84
                                                   Rent Expense                            14.86           13.53
                                                   Dividend Paid                               -           28.96
                                                   Dividend Received                       34.41           60.94
                                                   Rent Income                              3.03             3.94
                                                   Sales of goods & Services              122.62          114.40
            Other Entities Kabra Gloucester        Investment in CCD                           -                -
                           Engineering Limited
                                                   Sales of goods & Services                   -                -
                           Smartech Globle         Purchase of goods & Services                -                -
                           Solution
                                                   Sales of goods & Services                   -                -
                           Vtro Motors Private     Purchase of goods & Services                -                -
                           Limited
                                                   Sales of goods & Services                   -                -

      D.   Balance Outstanding at end of financial year :
           (i)    Debit Balance Outstanding

                     Type of Relation                  Name of The Party                   As at           As at
                                                                                   31 March 2026   31 March 2025
                  Subsidiary              Kabra Energy Private Limited                      0.53             0.34
                                          Varos Technology Private Limited                 62.12           41.40
                  Joint Venture           Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt.Ltd.           40.92           37.04
                                          Penta Auto Feeding India Limited                  0.56             1.10
                  Promoter Companies/     Maharastra Plastics & Ind.                        2.72             2.40
                  Enterprise              Plastiblends India Limited                       10.82           13.83
           (ii)   Credit Balance Outstanding

                     Type of Relation                  Name of The Party                   As at           As at
                                                                                   31 March 2026   31 March 2025
                  Subsidiary              Varos Technology Private Limited                  0.10             0.10
                  Joint Venture           Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt.Ltd.            1.47             1.47
                  Promoter Companies/     Kolsite Corporation LLP                           0.07             0.07
                  Enterprise              Plastiblends India Limited                        4.38             1.59
                  Other Entities          Smartech Globle Solution                          0.11             0.11
                                          Vtro Motors Private Limited                          -          149.70



106   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 109 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                              (Amount in ` Lakhs)
          (iii)    Investments

                      Type of Relation                    Name of The Party                          As at                 As at
                                                                                             31 March 2026         31 March 2025
                   Subsidiary                Varos Technology Private Limited                          80.00               80.00
                                             Kabra Energy Private Limited                               0.10                0.10
                   Joint Venture             Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt.Ltd.                    69.98               69.98
                   Promoter Companies/       Plastiblends India Limited                             1,673.43            2,583.58
                   Enterprise
          (iv)     CCD Outsandings

                      Type of Relation                    Name of The Party                          As at                 As at
                                                                                             31 March 2026         31 March 2025
                   Subsidiary                Varos Technology Private Limited                       1,252.25              934.25

     E.   Compensation to key management personnel :
           Particulars                                                                             As at                   As at
                                                                                           31 March 2026           31 March 2025
            (a) Remuneration
             (i)   Short term employee benefits (including Commission)                             379.39                 653.07
            (ii)   Post employment benefits                                                               -                     -
            (iii) Other long-term benefits                                                                -                     -
            (b) Others
             (i)   Dividend paid                                                                   240.79                 429.54
            (ii)   Sitting fees                                                                      20.70                 14.70
            (iii) Professional Fees                                                                       -                     -
            (iv) Commission                                                                               -                     -
          Note:
          As the post-employment benefits is provided on an actuarial basis for the Company as a whole, the amount pertaining
          to key management personnel is not ascertainable and therefore not included above.
40   Lease transactions
     Company as Lessee The Company has taken office buildings & warehouses on lease for a tenure of 3 to 5 years. The
     Company’s obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets. Generally, the Company
     is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets. There are no variable lease payments and residual value
     guarantees for these leases. The leases are renewable on mutually agreeable terms.
     The Company applied Ind AS 116 for the lease property and the impact is given in financial is as follows :-
     The Company applied the following method for Ind AS 116.
     1.   Applied the exemption not to recognize Right-of-use assets and liabilities for leases with less than 12 months of lease
          term.
     2.   While determining the lease term option to extend or terminate the lease has been considered.
     Carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the year :

     Particulars                                                                                    As at                   As at
                                                                                           31 March 2026           31 March 2025
     At the begning of the year                                                                    243.08                       -
     Additions                                                                                     409.78                 267.81
     Accretion of Interest                                                                          44.65                    9.42
     Payment made                                                                                (300.82)                 (34.15)
     Total                                                                                         396.69                    243
     Current Portion                                                                               257.23                   87.34
     Non current Portion                                                                           139.46                 155.74
     Total                                                                                         396.69                 243.08


                                                                                          43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 107

===== PAGE 110 =====
                                                                                                                 (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      Details of Amounts recognised in statement of Profit and Loss:

      Particulars                                                                                     As at                 As at
                                                                                              31 March 2026         31 March 2025
      Depreciation expenses of right of use assets                                                     270.35                  46.27
      Interest Expenses on lease liabilities                                                            44.65                   9.42
      Expense relating to Short term lease                                                                   -                      -
      Expense relating to lease of low-value assets (included in other expenses-rent)                        -                      -
      Total                                                                                            314.99                  55.69
      Contractual Cash flow Lease liabilities as at:

      Particulars                                                                                     As at                 As at
                                                                                              31 March 2026         31 March 2025
      Not later than One Year                                                                          257.23                  87.34
      Later than One year and not later than five Year                                                 139.46                155.74
      Later Than Five Year                                                                                   -                      -
      Total                                                                                            396.69                243.08

41    Contingent liablities and commitments							
      a)   Contingent liabilities not provided for :
              Sr. No. Particulars                                                           31 March 2026         31 March 2025
                                                                                               ₹ lakhs                ₹ lakh
                1     Bank Guarantee and Counter guarantees (Letter of Credit)                       2,188.87              1,132.97
                      given by the Company for the guarantees issued by Company’s
                      bankers
                2     Disputed Income tax demand *                                                     127.76                127.76
                3     Service tax and Excise matters under dispute                                      12.11                  12.11
                4     Goods and service tax matters under dispute                                      174.96                   9.24
                5     Custom Duty matter under dispute                                                    1.43                  1.43

      b)   Capital and Other Commitment :
              Particulars                                                                   31 March 2026         31 March 2025
              Capital Commitment
              Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital                      3,177.38                143.42
              account and not provided for (net of advances)
              Other Commitment                                                                               -                      -
           * Note:
           These matters are pending before various appellate authorities and the Management, including its tax advisors, expect
           that its position will likely be upheld on ultimate resolution and will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
           financial position and results of operations.
42    Income taxes
      The income tax expense consists of following:

      Particulars                                                                             FY 2025-26            FY 2024-25
      Tax expense
      Current tax                                                                                            -             1,075.00
      Income Tax of Earlier Years                                                                            -                      -
      Deferred tax (benefit) / charge                                                                (178.93)               (269.94)




108   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 111 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                         (Amount in ` Lakhs)

     Particulars                                                                      FY 2025-26            FY 2024-25
     Total tax expense                                                                        (178.93)              805.05
     Other comprehensive income
     Income tax on items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                       (31.45)               62.57
     Income tax expense reported in the statement of other comprehensive                       (31.45)               62.57
     income
    The deferred tax relates to origination/reversal of temporary differences.
    The reconciliation of estimated income tax expense at Indian statutory income tax rate to income tax expense reported in
    Statement of Profit or Loss is as follows:

     Particulars                                                                      FY 2025-26            FY 2024-25
     Profit before tax                                                                        (423.21)            4,192.26
     Indian statutory income tax rate                                                         25.17%                25.17%
     Expected tax expense                                                                            -            1,061.69
     Tax Effect of adjustments to reconcile expected income tax expense to
     reported income tax expense
     Expenses not deductible in determining taxable profits                                          -              685.99
     Allowances / Deductible                                                                         -             (716.05)
     Tax related to Income from capital gain                                                         -               58.71
     Income Tax of earlier Year                                                                      -                    -
     Tax rate difference on book profit as per Minimum Alternative Tax                               -                    -
     Deferred Tax expenses accounted as no effect of Timing differences on MAT                       -             (269.94)
     liability
     Others (net) -                                                                                  -              (15.34)
     Total tax expense                                                                               -              805.05
    Deferred Tax
    Item wise movement in deferred tax expense recognised in profit or loss / OCI

     Particulars                                                                      FY 2025-26            FY 2024-25
     Provision for doubtful debts and advances                                                 (63.27)             (137.99)
     Provision for leave encashment                                                            (14.63)               (0.44)
     Provision for gratuity                                                                     (0.17)               (4.18)
     Provision for bonus                                                                        (1.09)               (2.41)
     Excess of depreciation/amortisation on fixed assets under income-tax                      (36.36)             (129.09)
     Fair valuation of non-current investments                                                 (42.98)               (8.58)
     Fair valuation of current investments                                                      11.01               (49.83)
     Total expenses                                                                           (147.48)             (332.52)
     Recognised in Profit or Loss                                                             (178.93)             (269.94)
     Recognised in Other Comprehensive Income                                                   31.45               (62.57)
     Total expenses                                                                           (147.48)             (332.52)
    The gross movement in the deferred tax for the year ended 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024 is as follows:

     Particulars                                                                      FY 2025-26            FY 2024-25
     Net deferred income tax assets / (laibilities) at the beginning                          (817.66)           (1,150.18)
     Credits / (charge) relating to temporary differences                                      147.48               332.52
     MAT Credit utlised                                                                              -                    -
     Net deferred income tax assets / (liabilities) at the end                                (670.18)             (817.66)


                                                                                       43rd Annual Report 2025-26     | 109

===== PAGE 112 =====
43    Following Ratios to be disclosed		

       S Ratio                         Numerator           Denominator        As at 31   As at 31  Variance           Reason
       No                                                                    March 2026 March 2025    %

       (a) Current Ratio (X)         Current Assets       Current Liabilty      1.55         1.67         -7.2%

       (b) Debt-Equity Ratio           Total Debt           Total Equity        0.32         0.27         16.7%
           (X)

       (c) Debt Service             Earning available      Debt Service        14.36        10.32         39.2%     Due to
           Coverage Ratio (X)        for debt service                                                               generate
                                                                                                                    lower net
                                                                                                                    operating
                                                                                                                    income

       (d) Return on Equity          Proft After Tax         Average           -0.54%       7.40%        -107.24% Due to
           Ratio (%)                                     Shareholder fund                                         generate
                                                                                                                  negative
                                                                                                                  profit after
                                                                                                                  tax

       (e) Inventory turnover             Sales          Average Inventory      1.55         1.79         -13.1%
           ratio (X)

       (f)   Trade Receivables            Sales           Average Trade         5.22         4.97          5.2%
             turnover ratio (X)                            Receivable

       (g) Trade payables               Purchase          Average Trade         3.97         4.43         -10.4%
           turnover ratio (X)                                Payable

       (h) Net capital turnover           Sales           Working Capital       2.67         2.37         12.9%
           ratio (X)

       (i)   Net profit ratio (%)    Proft After Tax        Net Sales          -0.55%       7.18%        -107.6% Due to
                                                                                                                 generate
                                                                                                                 negative
                                                                                                                 profit after
                                                                                                                 tax

       (j)   Return on Capital        Earning before     Capital Employed      1.20%        8.90%         -86.5%    Due to
             employed (%)           interest and taxes                                                              generate
                                                                                                                    negative
                                                                                                                    profit after
                                                                                                                    tax

44    Distribution made and proposed
      The Board of Directors has recommended payment of Dividend of ₹ 0.00 per fully paid Equity Shares (31 March 2025:
      ₹ 2.50 ).This proposed dividend is subject to the approval of Shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
      This dividend is not recognized in the books of account at the end of the reporting period.
45    All amounts which became due, for transfer to the credit of Investor Education and Protection Fund, as of 31 March 2026,
      have been transferred to that fund.
46    Other Statutory Information
      a)     Loans and Advances in the nature of Loan to Related Parties:
             The Company has not granted any Loans or Advances in the nature of loans to promoters, directors, KMPs and the
             related parties (as defined under Companies Act, 2013), either severally or jointly with any other person as on 31
             March 2026.
      b)     Relationship with Struck off Companies:
             As per our knowledge, the Company do not have any transactions with struck off companies.




110   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 113 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements



     c)    Registration of charges or satisfaction with Registrar of Companies:
           The Company has no charges or satisfaction yet to be registered with Registrar of Companies beyond the statutory
           period.
     d)    Compliance with number of layers of companies:
           The Company complies with the number of layers prescribed under Clause 87 of Section 2 of the Act, read with the
           Companies (Restriction on number of layers) Rules, 2017.
     (e)   Compliance with approved Scheme (s) of Arrangements Accounted as per Scheme & Ind AS
           Neither the Company has approached to nor any Competent Authority has approved any scheme of arrangements so
           as to account for in the books of account of the Company, in order to disclose any deviation in that regard.
     (f)   Loans, Guarantee, Security given by Company to Intermediary and it is giving to others on behalf of Company:
           The Company has neither advanced nor loaned or invested funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any
           other sources or kind of funds) to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries).
     (g)   Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency:
           The Company has neither traded nor invested in Crypto currency or Virtual currency during the financial year.
     (h)   Benami Property:
           The Company does not have any Benami property, and hence no proceeding has been initiated or pending against
           the Company for holding any Benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and
           Rules made thereunder.
     (i)   Undisclosed Income:
           There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the current or previous year in the tax assessments
           under the Income Tax Act, 1961, that has not been recorded in the books of account.
     (j)   Revaluation
           The company has not revalued its property, plant & equipment during the year.
     (k)   The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender or government
           or any government authority.
47   Previous year's figures have been regrouped wherever considered necessary to make them comparable with those of the
     current year.


As per our report of even date attached                        For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                                       A. S. Kabra                                   E. A. Kabra
Chartered Accountants                                          Chairman & MD                                 Vice Chairperson & MD
Firm Registration Number:105215W                               (DIN: 00016010)                               (DIN: 07088898)
CA. Akshay Purandare                                           Uttam Singh                                   Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                                        Interim Chief Financial Officer               Company Secretary
Membership No. 141984
Place : Mumbai                                                                                               Place : Mumbai
Date: 28 May 2026                                                                                            Date: 28 May 2026




                                                                                             43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 111

===== PAGE 114 =====
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
To,
The Members of Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
Report on the audit of Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the Consolidated Financial Statements of Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Holding
Company”) and its subsidiary entity (Holding Company and its subsidiary together referred to as “the Group”) and Joint Venture,
which comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31,2026; and the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including
other comprehensive income, the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for
the year then ended, and notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, including a summary of material accounting policies
and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “the Consolidated Financial Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and based on the consideration
of reports of the other auditors on separate financial statements and financial information of such subsidiary and joint venture as
were audited by the other auditors the aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the information required by the Companies
Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards
prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, (“Ind
AS”) and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Company as at March
31, 2026, the consolidated loss and total comprehensive income, changes in equity and its consolidated cash flows for the year
ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified
under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities
for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group and the joint
venture in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together with the
independence requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements under the provisions of the Act
and the Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and
the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained along with the consideration of reports of the other
auditors referred to in paragraph (a) of the “Other Matters” section below is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment and based on the consideration of reports of other
auditors on separate/consolidated financial statements of components audited by them, were of most significance in our audit
of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
 Sr.
                    Key audit matters                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 No.
 A. Revenue Recognition                                             Our audit procedures to assess the revenue recognition
      The company recognizes revenue from sale of goods and includes the following:
      services measured at the amount of transaction price (net i.       Testing of the design and implementation of controls
      of variable consideration), when it satisfies its performance      involved in the determination of the estimates used as
      obligation at a point in time which is when products are           well as their operating effectiveness;
      delivered to buyer whereas sale of services includes ii.           Testing a sample of Pos and SLA for appropriate
      maintenance services provided to various customers.                identification of performance obligations and verification
      Accordingly, revenue recognizes when all significant risk          of contract value;
      and rewards of ownership of goods are passed on to the
                                                                    iii. For the sample selected, matching the revenue, actual
      customer.
                                                                         invoices recorded and actual cost incurred against each
                                                                         project on the basis of which revenue is recognized;
                                                                    iv.   Evaluated the process followed by the management
                                                                          for revenue recognition including understanding and
                                                                          testing of key controls related to recognition of revenue
                                                                          in correct period
                                                                    v.    Performed analytical procedures for reasonable-ness of
                                                                          revenues disclosed by type and service offerings and
                                                                          we have ensured that the disclosures provided in notes
                                                                          are in accordance with the Ind AS 115 and Companies
                                                                          Act, 2013.

112   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 115 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


 Sr.
                              Key audit matters                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 No.
 B.    Valuation of Inventory                                    Our audit procedures to assess the valuation of inventory
       Refer to Note 7 of the Consolidated Financial Statements, includes the following:
       where inventory forms a significant part of company’s i.            Attending the stock counts at locations to observe the
       assets as on 31st March, 2026.                                      stock count process and evaluate the condition of site
                                                                           work in progress.
       Inventory is comprised of raw material and work in progress
       which are valued as per IND AS 2.                           ii.     Testing the valuation methods used by the management
                                                                           in valuation of raw material and work in progress.
       We focus on this area because of its size, the assumptions
       used in valuation and the complexity of the project iii.            Comparing on sample basis specific purchases with
       completion, which are relevant while determining the                underlying supporting documents.
       amounts recorded.                                          iv.      Evaluating the appropriateness of the basis and
                                                                           processes used by the Management in determining the
                                                                           net realizable value of work in progress and cost for the
                                                                           raw material.
 C.    Contingent Liability                                           Our procedures included, but were not limited to, the following:
       The Company has duties and taxes litigations that are •             Obtained an understanding from the management
       pending with various tax authorities. Whether a liability           with respect to process and controls followed by the
       is recognized or disclosed as a contingent liability in the         Company for identification and monitoring of significant
       financial statements is inherently judgmental and dependent         developments in relation to the litigations, including
       on assumptions and assessments. We placed specific                  completeness thereof.
       focus on the judgements in respect to these demands •               Obtained the list of litigations from the management and
       against the Company. Determining the amount, if any, to             reviewed their assessment of the likelihood of outflow of
       be recognized or disclosed in the financial statements, is          economic resources being probable, possible or remote
       inherently subjective. Therefore, it is considered to be a key      in respect of the litigations.
       audit matter.                                                  •    Assessed management’s discussions held with their
       (Refer Note 41(a) to Consolidated Financial Statements)             legal consultants and understanding precedents in
                                                                           similar cases;
                                                                      •    Our own assessment on the adequacy and
                                                                           appropriateness of the disclosures made by the
                                                                           management in the financial statements.
Information Other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report thereon
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the Other Information. The other information
comprises the information included in the Holding Company’s Annual Report but does not include Consolidated Financial
Statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this audit
report.
Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Consolidated Financial Statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
When we read the annual report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the
matter to those charged with governance and take necessary actions, as applicable under the relevant laws and regulations. We
have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and presentation of these
Consolidated Financial Statements in term of the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 that give a true and fair view of the
consolidated state of affairs, consolidated profit or loss and other comprehensive income including consolidated changes in
equity and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended, of the Group including its joint venture in accordance with the
accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards specified under Section 133 of the
Act. The respective Management and Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and joint venture are responsible
for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the
Group and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; the selection and application of appropriate accounting
policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance
of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring accuracy and completeness of the accounting
records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation of the Consolidated
Financial Statements by the Management and Board of Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.

                                                                                               43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 113

===== PAGE 116 =====
In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the respective Management and Board of Directors of the companies included
in the Group and joint venture are responsible for assessing the ability of Group and joint venture to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the respective
management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Management and Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its joint venture are responsible
for overseeing the financial reporting process of the Group and its joint venture.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SA’s will always detect
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
Consolidated Financial Statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout
the audit. We also:
•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to fraud
      or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher
      than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
      override of internal control.
•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
      the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion
      on whether the company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such
      controls.
•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by management.
•     Conclude on the appropriateness of Management’s and Board of Director use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
      based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
      significant doubt on the ability of the Group to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists,
      we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Consolidated Financial Statements
      or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
      to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group and its Joint Venture to cease
      to continue as a going concern.
•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Consolidated Financial Statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the Consolidated Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
      achieves fair presentation.
•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial statements/financial information of the entities or
      business activities within the Group and its joint venture to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
      are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the financial statements/financial information
      of such entities included in the consolidated financial statements. For the other entities included in the consolidated financial
      statements, which have been audited by other auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision
      and performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion. Our responsibilities
      in this regard are further described in the section titled “Other Matters” in this audit report.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the consolidated financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes
it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the financial statements may be influenced. We
consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of
our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company regarding, among other matters, the planned
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance of the Holding Company with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

114   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 117 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


Other Matter
We did not audit the financial statements and other financial information, in respect of a subsidiary, whose financial statements
include total assets (before consolidation adjustments) of Rs. 798.90 Lakhs as at March 31, 2026, and total revenue (before
consolidation adjustments) of Rs. 17.84 Lakhs and net cash outflow (before consolidation adjustments) amounting to Rs. 39.46
lakhs for the year ended on that date respectively, as considered in the consolidated financial statements. These financial statements
and other financial information have been audited by other auditors which have been furnished to us by the management
We did not audit the financial statements and other financial information, in respect of a subsidiary, whose financial statements
include total assets (before consolidation adjustments) of Rs. 0.0045 Lakhs as at March 31, 2026, and total revenue (before
consolidation adjustments) of Rs. NIL and net cash flows (before consolidation adjustments) amounting to Rs. NIL for the year
ended on that date respectively, as considered in the consolidated financial statements. These financial statements and other
financial information have been audited by other auditors which have been furnished to us by the management.
The consolidated financial statements also include the Group's share of net loss (including other comprehensive income) of Rs.
0.62 Lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2026, as considered in the consolidated financial statements, in respect of a joint venture.
These financial statements and other financial information have been audited by other auditors which have been furnished to us
by the management. Our opinion, in so far as it relates to the affairs of such subsidiary and joint venture is based solely on the
report of other auditors.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements below, is not
modified in respect of the above matters with respect to our reliance on the work done and the reports of the other auditors and
the financial statements / financial information certified by the Management.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.   As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of the report of the other auditor on
     separate financial statement and the other financial information of subsidiary company and joint venture incorporated in
     India as were audited by other auditors, referred in the Other Matters paragraph above we report, that:
     (a)   We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were
           necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements.
     (b)   In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid Consolidated
           Financial Statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books and the reports of the
           other auditors.
     (c)   The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss including Other Comprehensive
           Income, the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement dealt with
           by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the
           Consolidated Financial Statements.
     (d)   In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements comply with the IND AS specified under Section 133
           of the Act.
     (e)   On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on March 31, 2026
           taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory auditors of its
           subsidiary company and joint venture company incorporated in India, none of the directors of the Group companies is
           disqualified as on March 31, 2026 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
     (f)   With respect to the adequacy of internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Group and the operating
           effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in “Annexure A” which is based on auditors’ reports of the
           Company, subsidiary company and joint venture incorporated in India. Our report expresses an unmodified opinion on
           the adequacy and operating effectiveness of internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Holding Company
           and subsidiary company incorporated in India.
     (g)   As required by section 197(16) of the Act; in our opinion and according to information and explanation provided to us,
           the remuneration paid/provided by the company to its directors for the current year is in accordance with the provisions
           of section 197 of the Act and remuneration paid/provided to directors is not in excess of the limit laid down under this
           section.
     (h)   With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies
           (Audit and Auditor’s) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations
           given to us and based on the consideration of the reports of the other auditors on separate financial statements of the
           subsidiary and joint ventures as noted in the “Other Matters” paragraph:
           i.    The Consolidated Financial Statements disclose impact of pending litigations on the consolidated financial
                 position of the Group – Refer Note 41(a) to the consolidated financial statements during the year ended 31 March
                 2026.
           ii.   The Group did not have any material long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any
                 material foreseeable losses during the year 31 March 2026.



                                                                                              43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 115

===== PAGE 118 =====
           iii.   There has been no delay in transferring the amounts required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and
                  Protection Fund by the Company by the Holding Company, its subsidiary and joint venture incorporated in India.
           iv.    With respect to clause (e) of Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended:
                  (a)   The Management of the Holding Company represented to us that, to the best of their knowledge and belief,
                        no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any
                        other sources or kind of funds) by the Holding Company or its subsidiary entity or its Joint Venture to or
                        in any other person or entity, including foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether
                        recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in
                        other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Holding Company or
                        its subsidiary entity or its Joint Venture (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the
                        like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
                  (b)   The Management of the Holding Company represented to us that, to the best of their knowledge and
                        belief other than disclosed in the notes to accounts, no funds have been received by the Company or its
                        subsidiary entity or its Joint Venture incorporated in India from any person or entity, including foreign entity
                        (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Holding
                        Company or any of its subsidiary entity or its Joint Venture shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or
                        invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding
                        Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate
                        Beneficiaries;
                  (c)   Based on such audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances
                        performed by us, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations
                        under sub-clause (a) and(b) above, contain any material misstatement.
           v.     (a)   The final dividend paid by the Holding Company during the year in respect for the previous year is in
                        accordance with section 123 of the Companies Act 2013 to the extent it applies to payment of dividend.
                  (b)   Based on our examination which included test checks, the holding company, its subsidiary entity and its
                        Joint Venture along with Joint Venture has used accounting software namely SAP and Tally for maintaining
                        its books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 which has feature of recording audit trail
                        (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in
                        the software system.
                        Further, we did not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered with and the audit
                        trail has been preserved by the Holding Company and its subsidiary company along with Joint Venture
                        incorporated in India as per the statutory requirement for record retention.
2.    With respect to the matters specified in paragraphs 3(xxi) and 4 of the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (the
      “Order”/ “CARO”) issued by the Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, to be included in the Auditor’s
      report, according to the information and explanations given to us, and based on the CARO reports issued by us and the
      auditors of respective companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, to which reporting under CARO is
      applicable, as provided to us by the Management of the Holding, we report that in respect of those companies where audits
      have been completed under Section 143 of the Act, there are no qualifications or adverse remarks by the respective auditors
      in the CARO reports of the said companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                                                                                           For Kirtane & Pandit LLP
                                                                                                              Chartered Accountants
                                                                                            Firm Registration No.105215W/W100057

                                                                                                              Akshay B. Purandare
                                                                                                                            Partner
Place: Mumbai                                                                                               Membership No.: 141984
Date: May 28, 2026                                                                                    UDIN: 26141984YHGRGG6448




116   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 119 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


ANNEXURE A TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS OF KABRA EXTRUSIONTECHNIK LIMITED FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026.
Report on the Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting Under Clause Financial Clause (i) of Subsection 3 of
Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“The Act”)
(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ of our report of even date)
Opinion
In conjunction with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (the Holding Company)
as of and for the year ended March 31, 2026; we have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the holding
company such companies incorporated in India under the Act which is its subsidiary company and Joint Venture, as of that date.
In our opinion and based on the consideration of reports of the other auditors on internal financial controls, with reference to
financial statements/financial information of subsidiary company, and, joint venture company as were audited by the other auditors,
the Holding Company and such companies incorporated in India which is its subsidiary company and its joint venture companies
have, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements and such internal financial
controls were operating effectively as at 31 March 2026, based on the internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements criteria established by such companies considering the essential components of such internal controls stated in the
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants
of India (the “Guidance Note”) to the extent applicable
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Management and Board of Directors of the Company, its subsidiary company and Joint Venture, which are companies
incorporated in India are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control over
financial reporting criteria established by Holding Company, considering the essential components of internal control stated in the
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of
India. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were
operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to respective Company’s
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the
accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our audit. We
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the
Standards on Auditing prescribed under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of
internal financial controls. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was
established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system
over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors of the relevant
subsidiary company and joint venture in terms of their reports referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below to the extent
applicable, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to
financial statements
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that
(1)   pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
      of the assets of the company;




                                                                                               43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 117

===== PAGE 120 =====
(2)   provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial
      statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
      are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
(3)   provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
      Group’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or
improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also,
projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that
the internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Other Matters
Our report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial controls over
financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements of the Holding Company, in so far as subsidiary
company and joint venture, which are companies incorporated in India, is based on the corresponding reports of the auditors of
such subsidiary and joint venture incorporated in India to the extent applicable.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters.


                                                                                                           For Kirtane & Pandit LLP
                                                                                                              Chartered Accountants
                                                                                            Firm Registration No.105215W/W100057

                                                                                                              Akshay B. Purandare
                                                                                                                            Partner
Place: Mumbai                                                                                               Membership No.: 141984
Date: May 28, 2026                                                                                    UDIN: 26141984YHGRGG6448




118   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 121 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements



Consolidated Balance sheet as at 31 March 2026
                                                                                                                        (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                                                As at                As at
Particulars                                                                           Note              31 March 2026        31 March 2025
ASSETS
Non-current assets
(a)    Property, plant and equipment                                                    2A                  23,544.00            19,277.74
(b)    Capital work-in-progress                                                         2B                     912.27             5,034.55
(c)    Intangible assets                                                                2C                     647.08               806.15
(d)    Intangibles Assets Under Development                                             2D                     308.59                    -
(e)    Goodwill                                                                                                 83.63                83.63
(f)    Right of Use Assets                                                              2E                     371.48               231.34
(g)    Financial assets
       (i)   Investments                                                                 3                   1,733.17             2,643.94
       (ii)  Other financial assets                                                      4                     556.06               194.53
(h)    income tax assets (net)                                                                                      -                    -
(i)    Other non-current assets                                                          6                   1,202.58               439.92
Total Non-current assets                                                                                    29,358.86            28,711.80
Current assets
(a)    Inventories                                                                       7                  28,615.94            29,091.27
(b)    Financial assets
       (i)   Investments                                                                 8                   2,258.74             5,349.26
       (ii)  Trade receivables                                                           9                   7,998.99             9,091.36
       (iii) Cash and cash equivalents                                                  10                     204.03               241.23
       (iv) Other balances with banks                                                  10A                     103.54               556.14
       (v)   Loans                                                                      11                      83.57                75.01
       (vi) Other financial assets                                                      12                     323.48               345.54
(c)    Income tax assets (net)                                                                                 370.86                    -
(d)    Other current assets                                                             13                   7,396.57             5,247.37
Total Current assets                                                                                        47,355.72            49,997.18
TOTAL ASSETS                                                                                                76,714.58            78,708.98
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
(a)    Equity share capital                                                             14                   1,748.64             1,748.64
(b)    Other equity                                                                     15                  42,399.61            44,489.51
Total Equity                                                                                                44,148.25            46,238.15
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
(a)    Provisions                                                                       16                    437.01                662.35
(b)    Financial Liabilties
       (i)   Borrowings                                                                 17                       5.83                16.89
       (ii)  Lease Liabilities                                                         17(a)                   139.46               155.74
(c)    Deferred tax liabilities (net)                                                    5                     562.02               772.02
(d)    Other Non-current liabilities                                                                           840.53               848.87
Total Non-current liabilities                                                                                1,984.84             2,455.87
Current liabilities
(a)    Financial liabilities
       (i)   Borrowings                                                                 17                  14,102.70            12,561.75
       (ii)  Lease Liabilities                                                         17(a)                   257.23                87.34
       (iii) Trade Payable
             (a) Total outstanding dues of Micro,Small and Medium Enterprises           18                    219.74                309.88
             (b) Total outstanding dues other than Micro, Small and Medium              18                   6,276.50             7,159.74
                  Enterprises
       (iv) Other financial liabilities                                                 19                   1,693.10             1,580.45
(b)    Other current liabilities                                                        20                   7,274.46             7,536.22
(c)    Provisions                                                                       21                     757.76               666.98
(d)    Income tax liabilities (net)                                                                                 -               112.60
Total Current liabilities                                                                                   30,581.49            30,014.96
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                                                                76,714.58            78,708.98
Significant accounting policies                                                          1
Notes referred to above form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
As per our report of even date attached                               For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                                              A. S. Kabra                                   E. A. Kabra
Chartered Accountants                                                 Chairman & MD                                 Vice Chairperson & MD
Firm Registration Number:105215W                                      (DIN: 00016010)                               (DIN: 07088898)
CA. Akshay Purandare                                                  Uttam Singh                                   Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                                               Interim Chief Financial Officer               Company Secretary
Membership No. 141984
Place : Mumbai                                                                                                      Place : Mumbai
Date: 28 May 2026                                                                                                   Date: 28 May 2026
                                                                                                    43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 119

===== PAGE 122 =====
Consolidated statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended on 31 March 2026
                                                                                                                    (Amount in ` Lakhs)

       Particulars                                                                Note          31 March 2026           31 March 2025
I.     Revenue from operations
       (a) Revenue from operations                                                  22               45,105.06               47,684.75
II.    Other income                                                                 23                2,367.24                1,298.45
III.   Total income (I + II)                                                                         47,472.29               48,983.20
IV.    Expenses
       (a) Cost of materials consumed                                               24               28,995.37               32,051.74
       (b) Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods and                             25                (958.19)               (2,934.52)
             Work-in-progress
       (c)   Employee benefits expense                                              26                7,864.89                6,481.57
       (d) Finance costs                                                            27                1,139.25                1,117.31
       (e) Depreciation and Amortization expense                                    28                3,025.22                2,069.59
       (f)   Other expenses                                                         29                8,159.04                7,119.73
       Total Expenses (IV)                                                                           48,225.59               45,905.42
V.     Profit / (Loss) before exceptional items and tax ( III - IV)                                   (753.30)                3,077.78
VI.    Exceptional Items (Net)                                                      32                  (24.12)                 848.98
VII.   Profit / (Loss) Before Tax (V- VI)                                                             (777.42)                3,926.76
VIII   Share in profit/(loss) of joint ventures / associates                                             (0.62)                  54.46
IX     Profit before tax (VIII-IX)                                                                    (778.04)                3,981.22
X      Tax expenses
       (a) Current tax                                                                                       -                1,075.00
       (b) Income Tax of Earlier Year                                                                        -                       -
       (c)   Deferred tax                                                                             (241.45)                (313.99)
       Total tax expenses                                                                             (241.45)                  761.01
XI     Profit for the year                                                                            (536.59)                3,220.21
XII    Other comprehensive income
       (a) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
             (i) Equity instruments through other comprehensive income                                 (788.04)               (742.51)
             (ii) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans                                                140.50                  14.76
       (b) Income tax on items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                          (31.45)                  62.57
       Total Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss)                                                       (679.00)               (665.18)
XIII   Total comprehensive Income for the year                                                       (1,215.59)               2,555.03
XIV Profit after tax is attributable to;
       (a) Owner of holding co                                                                        (536.59)                3,220.21
       (b) Non - Controlling Interest                                                                        -                       -
XV     Other comprehensive income is attributable to;
       (a) Owner of holding co                                                                        (679.00)                (665.18)
       (b) Non - Controlling Interest                                                                        -                       -
XVI Total Comprehensive income is attributable to;
       (a) Owner of holding co                                                                       (1,215.59)               2,555.03
       (b) Non - Controlling Interest                                                                         -                      -
XVII Earnings per share (face value of ₹ 5 each)
       Basic (in ₹)                                                                 33                   (1.53)                      9.21
       Diluted (in ₹)                                                               33                   (1.53)                      9.21
Significant accounting policies                                                      1
Notes referred to above form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements

As per our report of even date attached                            For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                                           A. S. Kabra                                   E. A. Kabra
Chartered Accountants                                              Chairman & MD                                 Vice Chairperson & MD
Firm Registration Number:105215W                                   (DIN: 00016010)                               (DIN: 07088898)
CA. Akshay Purandare                                               Uttam Singh                                   Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                                            Interim Chief Financial Officer               Company Secretary
Membership No. 141984
Place : Mumbai                                                                                                   Place : Mumbai
Date: 28 May 2026                                                                                                Date: 28 May 2026


120   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 123 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


Consolidated statements of changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March 2026
                                                                                                                            (Amount in ` Lakhs)
14      Equity share capital
        (1)   Current reporting period
         Balance at the begnning of the           Change in Equity         Restated balance        Change in equity           Balance at the
         current reporting period                Share Capital due         at the beginning       share capital during      end of the current
                                                to prior period error        of the previous       the Current year          reproting period
                                                                            reporting period
                                     1,748.64                         -                1,748.64                         -             1,748.64
        (2)   Previous reporting period
         Balance at the begnning of the           Change in Equity         Balance at the end  Change in equity               Balance at the
         Previous reporting period               Share Capital due           of the previous  share capital during          end of the current
                                                to prior period error       reproting period   the Previous year             reproting period
                                     1,748.64                         -                1,748.64                         -             1,748.64

15      Other equity
(1)     Current reporting period
                                         Reserves and Surplus                                     Other Reserves                       Total

                         Capital Securities Warrant General Retained                       Debt         Equity    Retained
                         Reserve Premium Proceeds Reserves Earnings                    instruments   Instruments   earning
                                                                                      through Other through Other in Jointly
                                                                                     Comprehensive Comprehensive controlled
                                                                                         Income        Income      entities

Balance at the
beginning of the
                               -   10,542.61      (0.01)   5,476.10 26,092.45                      -        2,414.14        (35.67)   44,489.51
current reporting
period
Changes in
accounting policy or           -            -          -          -              -                 -                -             -              -
prior period errors
Restated balance
at the beginning
                               -   10,542.61      (0.01)   5,476.10 26,092.45                      -        2,414.14        (35.67)   44,489.51
of the current
reporting period
Total
Comprehensive
                               -            -          -          -       (535.97)                 -         (679.00)        (0.62)   (1,215.59)
Income for the
current year
Gain on Equity
Instruments which
was classified                              -          -          -        122.10                            (122.10)             -              -
under FVTOCI
transferred*
OCI Reserve
                                                                                                                                                 -
adjustment
Dividends (For FY              -            -          -          -       (874.32)                 -                -             -    (874.32)
2024-25)
Any other change
(to be specified)
      Issue of Shares          -                                  -              -                 -                -             -              -
      Issue of Warrant         -                                  -              -                 -                -             -              -
Balance at the
end of the current             -   10,542.61      (0.02)   5,476.10 24,804.26                      -        1,613.04        (36.30)   42,399.61
reporting period




                                                                                                       43rd Annual Report 2025-26        | 121

===== PAGE 124 =====
Consolidated statement of changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March 2026 (Cont.)
                                                                                                                       (Amount in ` Lakhs)
(2)     Previous reporting period
                                        Reserves and Surplus                                   Other Reserves                      Total

                         Capital Securities Warrant General Retained                    Debt         Equity    Retained
                         Reserve Premium Proceeds Reserves Earnings                 instruments   Instruments   earning
                                                                                   through Other through Other in Jointly
                                                                                  Comprehensive Comprehensive controlled
                                                                                      Income        Income      entities

Balance at the
beginning of the
                               -    10542.61      0.00    5476.10    24150.76                  -         3079.31        190.36    43,439.14
Previous reporting
period
Changes in
accounting policy or           -            -         -          -            -                -                   -          -            -
prior period errors
Restated balance
at the beginning
                               -    10,542.61    (0.00)   5,476.10                             -        3,079.31        190.36    43,439.14
of the Previous                                                      24,150.76
reporting period
Total
Comprehensive
                               -            -         -          -    3,165.74                 -        (665.18)       (226.03)    2,274.53
Income for the
Previous year
Gain on Equity
Instruments which
was classified                                                                                                                             -
under FVTOCI
transferred*
OCI Reserve
                                                                                                                                           -
adjustment
Dividends (For FY
                               -            -         -          -                             -                   -          -   (1,224.05)
2023-24)                                                             (1,224.05)
Any other change
(to be specified)
      Issue of shares          -            -         -          -            -                -                   -          -            -
      Issue of Warrant         -            -         -          -            -                -                   -          -            -
Balance at the end
of the Previous                -    10,542.61    (0.01)   5,476.10                             -        2,414.14        (35.67)   44,489.51
                                                                     26,092.45
reporting period
* The amount represents the gain on sale of shares of Plastiblends India Ltd. ( 122402 Shares )

As per our report of even date attached                              For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                                             A. S. Kabra                                   E. A. Kabra
Chartered Accountants                                                Chairman & MD                                 Vice Chairperson & MD
Firm Registration Number:105215W                                     (DIN: 00016010)                               (DIN: 07088898)
CA. Akshay Purandare                                                 Uttam Singh                                   Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                                              Interim Chief Financial Officer               Company Secretary
Membership No. 141984
Place : Mumbai                                                                                                     Place : Mumbai
Date: 28 May 2026                                                                                                  Date: 28 May 2026




122     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 125 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


Consolidated Cash Flow statement for the year ended 31 March 2026
                                                                                             (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                              For the year        For the year
Particulars                                                                         ended               ended
                                                                            31 March 2026       31 March 2025
A. Cash flow from operating activities
   Net Profit / (Loss) before extraordinary items and tax                         (753.29)            3,077.78
   Adjustments for:
   Depreciation and amortisation (including exceptional item)                     3,001.10            2,069.59
   (Profit) / Loss on sale of property, plant and equipments                       (26.62)                 0.16
   (Profit) / Loss on sale of investments                                         (321.27)             (233.29)
   Dividend income from current investments                                        (34.41)               (60.94)
   Fair value changes of current investments                                       101.15              (188.78)
   Interest income from financial assets at amortised cost                         (47.69)             (105.08)
   Finance Cost                                                                   1,139.25             1,117.31
   Balance written off                                                            (370.29)             (710.35)
   Fair value change of investment                                                 910.77                      -
   Provision for doubtful trade and other receivables, loans and advances          394.09                533.78
   Other                                                                          (140.50)               374.89
                                                                                 4,605.56             2,797.28
   Operating profit / (loss) before working capital changes                       3,852.27            5,875.06
   Changes in working capital:
   (Increase) / Decrease in inventories                                            475.33            (5,224.10)
   (Increase) / Decrease in trade receivables                                     1,092.37               823.79
   (Increase) / Decrease in other bank balances                                    452.60             3,263.07
   (Increase) / Decrease in current loans                                           (8.56)               (32.35)
   (Increase) / Decrease in other current financial asset                           22.06                289.24
   (Increase) / Decrease in other current assets                                (2,520.06)           (1,156.20)
   (Increase) / Decrease in non-current loans                                     (361.54)               (51.82)
   (Increase) / Decrease in other non-current assets                              (902.79)             (240.32)
   Increase / (Decrease) in trade payables                                        (973.37)             (643.22)
   Increase / (Decrease) in other financial liabilities                            112.59              (440.71)
   Increase / (Decrease) in other current liabilities                             (261.76)            2,580.89
   Increase / (Decrease) in other non current liabilities                                -               541.03
   Increase / (Decrease)in short-term provisions                                    90.78              (711.20)
   Increase / (Decrease)in long-term provisions                                   (225.34)                (2.42)
   Increase / (Decrease) in non current lease liability                             16.28                      -
   Cash generated from operations                                                  860.86             4,870.72
   Net income tax (paid) / refunds                                                (205.81)             (839.51)
   Deffered tax expenses                                                           241.45                313.99
   Net cash flow from / (used in) operating activities                             896.49             4,345.20




                                                                            43rd Annual Report 2025-26    | 123

===== PAGE 126 =====
Consolidated Cash Flow statement for the year ended 31 March 2026 (Cont.)
                                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                              For the year           For the year
Particulars                                                                                         ended                  ended
                                                                                            31 March 2026          31 March 2025
B. Cash flow from investing activities
      Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment                                       (2,938.85)             (6,249.56)
      Expenditure on intangibles (including capital advance)                                      (799.13)                (565.63)
      Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                           (38.99)                      0.65
      Sale/ (Investmnet) in Subsidiariess                                                                                  898.92
      Net sale / (purchase) of current investments                                                3,090.52              (1,001.30)
      Interest received                                                                              47.69                 105.08
      Dividend received                                                                              34.41                   60.94
      Net cash flow from / (used in) investing activities                                         (604.34)              (6,750.88)
C. Cash flow from financing activities
      Finance Cost                                                                               (1,139.25)             (1,117.31)
      Lease liability                                                                               153.61                 243.08
      Dividend paid                                                                               (874.32)              (1,224.05)
      Borrowings / (Repayment) (Net)                                                              1,530.60                4,097.23
      Net cash flow from / (used in) financing activities                                         (329.36)                1,998.95
      Net increase / (decrease) in Cash and cash equivalents                                        (37.21)               (406.73)
      Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                        241.23                 647.96
      Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                              204.02                 241.23


As per our report of even date attached                        For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                                       A. S. Kabra                                   E. A. Kabra
Chartered Accountants                                          Chairman & MD                                 Vice Chairperson & MD
Firm Registration Number:105215W                               (DIN: 00016010)                               (DIN: 07088898)
CA. Akshay Purandare                                           Uttam Singh                                   Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                                        Interim Chief Financial Officer               Company Secretary
Membership No. 141984
Place : Mumbai                                                                                               Place : Mumbai
Date: 28 May 2026                                                                                            Date: 28 May 2026




124     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 127 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


Notes to the Consolidated Financial statements for the year ended 31st March 2026

The Corporate overview
Holding company
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (the Company) is a public company domiciled and incorporated in India. The Registered Office is
situated at Andheri (West), Mumbai – 400053. The shares of the Company are listed on two stock exchanges in India i.e. National
Stock Exchange (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (‘the Company’ or ‘KET’) CIN: L28900MH1982PLC028535 is India’s premier manufacturer &
exporter of plastic extrusion machineries for manufacturing pipe & films and lithium-ion battery packs for electric mobility & energy
storage application. The company is part of renowned Kolsite Group having over 6 decades of experience. The company enjoys
leadership position in the plastic extrusion market with more than 15,000 installations and presence around 100+ countries across
globe. It has two manufacturing units at Daman along with state of the art R&D facilities for its Extrusion division.
Geon (erstwhile Battrixx) is the Battery division of the company. It is dedicated to developing and producing green energy systems
and solutions, through strong R&D capabilities, that will power the growth of India’s transition into green energy storage and
electric mobility. The company has a battery pack manufacturing facility at Chakan.
Subsidiary Company
KET Limited has two subsidiaries: Varos Technologies Private Limited and Kabra Energy Private Limited (formerly known as
Kolsite Energy Private Limited)
Varos Technologies Private Limited (CIN: U72900PN2021PTC199684) is a Pune-based company specializes in computer-related
services, including website maintenance, multimedia creation, and IoT solutions. It was incorporated on December 22, 2021, and
operates as a private, non-government entity.
Kabra Energy Private Limited (CIN: U31906MH2021PTC359713) is a Mumbai-based company focused on manufacturing of other
electrical equipment, specifically focusing on green energy solutions and battery technology. It was incorporated on April 29, 2021,
and is also classified as a private, non-government company.
Joint Venture Company
KET Limited has two joint ventures: Penta Auto Feeding India Limited (upto 5th Feb”2025) and Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik
Private Limited.
Penta Auto Feeding India Limited (CIN: U29253MH2015PLC268587) is a Mumbai-based company. Penta specializes in the
design, manufacturing and installation of large-scale systems for storage and handling of raw materials and ingredients in
powdered form used mainly in the plastics and food and beverage industries. Penta’s products & solutions are targeted to PVC
dry blend manufacturers, compounders and companies within the extrusion sector. It was incorporated on September 22, 2015,
and operates as a public, non-government entity.
Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Private Limited (CIN: U29309MH2017PTC301646) is a Mumbai-based company. Kabra Mecanor
Belling Technik Private Limited specializes in the manufacturing and export of pipe extrusion lines, specifically for socketing
(belling) of pipes. They are a joint venture with Extron Mecanor and are known for their expertise in offering solutions for Overall
Equipment Effectiveness (OEE) in pipe production.
Material Accounting Policies
a)   Statement of compliance & Basis of Preparation
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified
     under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read together with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)
     Rules, 2015 and related amendments as notified from time to time (hereinafter referred as ‘Ind AS’).
     Accordingly, the Company has prepared these Financial Statements which comprise the Balance Sheet as at 31 March,
     2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31 March 2025, the Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended
     31 March 2025 and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended as on that date, and accounting policies and other
     explanatory information (together hereinafter referred to as ‘financial statements’).
     These financial statements are approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 16th May, 2025.
     The financial statements have been prepared on accrual and going concern basis. The accounting policies are applied
     consistently to all the periods presented in the financial statements. All assets and liabilities have been classified as current
     or non-current as per the Company’s normal operating cycle and other criteria as set out in the Division II of Schedule III to
     the Companies Act, 2013.
b)   Basis of measurement
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following items, which
     are measured on an alternative basis on each reporting date.
     •     Certain financial assets and liabilities (including derivative instruments) are measured at fair value.
     •     Defined benefit plans – plan assets are measured at fair value.

                                                                                              43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 125

===== PAGE 128 =====
c)    Rounding of amounts
      All amounts disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statements including notes have been rounded off to the nearest
      lakhs in Indian Rupee (INR 00,000) as per the requirements of Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013; unless otherwise
      indicated.
d)    Basis of Consolidation
      The consolidated financial statements relate to Kabra Extrusion Technik Limited (‘the Company’) and its Joint Ventures. The
      consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the following basis:
      Investment in Joint Ventures has been accounted under the equity method as per Ind AS 28 - Investments in Associates and
      Joint ventures.
      Subsidiaries
      The consolidated financial statements include Kabra Extrusion Technik Limited and its subsidiaries. The results of subsidiaries
      acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated financial statements from the effective date of
      acquisition and up to the effective date of disposal, as appropriate. Inter-company transactions and balances including
      unrealised profits are eliminated in full on consolidation. Non-controlling interests in the net assets (excluding goodwill) of
      consolidated subsidiaries are identified separately from the Company’s equity.
      Joint ventures
      A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net
      assets of the arrangement. The results, assets and liabilities of a joint venture are incorporated in these financial statements
      using the equity method of accounting as described below.
      Equity method of accounting (equity accounted investees)
      An interest in an associate or joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date the investee becomes joint
      venture and are recognised initially at cost. The carrying value of investment in joint ventures includes goodwill identified on
      date of acquisition, net of any accumulated impairment losses. The consolidated financial statements include the Company’s
      share of profits or losses, other comprehensive income and equity movements of equity accounted investments, from the
      date that significant influence or joint control commences until the date that significant influence or joint control ceases.
      When the Company’s share of losses exceeds its interest in an equity accounted investment, the carrying amount of that
      interest (including any long-term interests in the nature of net investments) is reduced to nil and the recognition of further
      losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Company has incurred constructive or legal obligations or has made
      payments on behalf of the investee. When the Company transacts with joint venture of the Company, unrealised profits and
      losses are eliminated to the extent of the Company’s interest in its joint venture. Dividends are recognised when the right to
      receive payment is established.
e)    Property, plant and equipment
      •    Recognition and measurement
           Freehold land is carried at historical cost. All other items of property, plant and equipment are stated at Cost of
           acquisition less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Cost comprises of purchase price,
           non-refundable taxes and duties and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition for the
           intended use. Any trade discounts and rebates are deducted in arriving at the purchase price.
           Borrowing costs attributable to construction or acquisition of a qualifying asset for the period up to the date, the asset
           is ready for its intended use are included in the cost of the asset to which they relate.
           Pre-operative expenditure including trial run expenses comprising of revenue expenses incurred as reduced by the
           revenue generated during the period up to the date, the asset is ready for its intended use are treated as part of costs
           of that asset.
           Capital work-in-progress comprises of the cost of property, plant and equipment that are not yet completely ready for
           their intended use as at the balance sheet date.
      •    Subsequent costs
           The cost of replacing a part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in the carrying amount of the
           item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the company and its cost
           can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized. Repairs and maintenance cost
           are recognized in the statement of profit and loss when incurred.
      •    Derecognition
           An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are
           expected from its use or disposal. Gains and losses on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are
           determined by comparing the proceeds from disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment, and
           are recognised net and disclosed within other income or expenses in the statement of profit and loss.



126   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 129 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


     •    Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives and residual value
          Depreciation is provided on the Straight Line Method (SLM) over the estimated useful lives of the assets considering
          the nature, estimated usage, operating conditions, past history of replacement, anticipated technological changes,
          manufacturer’s warranties and maintenance support. Taking into account these factors, the Company has decided to
          retain the useful life hitherto adopted for various categories of property, plant and equipments which are different from
          those prescribed in Schedule II of the Act.
           Type of Asset                                                                        Estimated useful llfe (Years)
           Plant & Equipment                                                                                              2 to 15
           Building                                                                                                      20 to 30
           Furniture & Fixture                                                                                            2 to 15
           Vehicles                                                                                                       8 to 10
           Office Equipment                                                                                                2 to 8
           Computer                                                                                                        2 to 3
          Asset costing ₹ 5,000 or less are fully depreciated in the year of purchase.
          Leasehold land is to be amortized equally over the lease period. Freehold land is not depreciated.
          The useful lives are reviewed at each year end. Changes in expected useful lives are treated as change in accounting
          estimates. Depreciation is not recorded on capital work-in-progress until construction and installation are complete and
          the asset is ready for its intended use.
f)   Intangible assets
     •    Recognition and measurement
          Intangible assets are recognized when the asset is identifiable, is within the control of the Group, it is probable that the
          future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset will flow to the Group and cost of the asset can be reliably
          measured.
          Intangible assets acquired by the Group that have finite useful lives are measured at cost less accumulated amortization
          and any accumulated impairment losses.
          Research costs are charged to the statement of Profit and Loss in the year in which they are incurred. Product
          development costs incurred on new vehicle platform, engines, transmission and new products are recognised as
          intangible assets, when feasibility has been established, the Group has committed technical, financial and other
          resources to complete the development and it is probable that asset will generate future economic benefits.
          The cost of an internally generated intangible asset is the sum of directly attributable expenditure incurred from the date
          when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria to the completion of its development. Interest cost incurred
          is capitalised up to the date the asset is ready for its intended use for qualifying assets, based on borrowings incurred
          specifically for financing the asset or the weighted average rate of all other borrowings if no specific borrowings have
          been incurred for the asset. Product development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and
          impairment, if any amortisation is not recorded on product engineering in progress until development is complete.
     •    Derecognition
          An item of intangible asset is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its
          use or disposal. Gains and losses on disposal of intangible asset are determined by comparing the proceeds from
          disposal with the carrying amount of intangible asset and are recognized net and disclosed within other income or
          expenses in the statement of profit and loss.
     •    Amortisation
          Amortisation is calculated over the cost of the asset, or other amount substituted for cost. Amortisation is recognised
          in statement of profit and loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible assets from the
          date that they are available for use, since this most closely reflects the expected pattern of consumption of the future
          economic benefits embodied in the asset.
g)   Leases
     The Company as a lessee
     The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset
     is initially measured at cost.
     The right-of-use assets are subsequently depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
     a straight-line basis. In addition, the right-of-use asset is reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain
     remeasurements of the lease liability.
     The lease liability is initially measured at amortised cost at the present value of the future lease payments, discounted using
     the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using the incremental borrowing rate.


                                                                                             43rd Annual Report 2025-26        | 127

===== PAGE 130 =====
      It is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is
      a change in the Company’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the
      Company changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.
      When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-
      of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.
      The Company has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease
      term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The Company recognises the lease payments associated with
      these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
      The Company as lessor
      When the Company acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating
      lease.
      Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is
      classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
      When the Company is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sublease separately. The
      sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease.
      The Company recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over the lease
      term.
h)    Impairment of assets
      At the end of each reporting period, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets and
      investments in associate and joint ventures to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an
      impairment loss.
      If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less cost to sell,
      of the asset or cash-generating unit, as the case may be, is estimated and impairment loss (if any) is recognised and the
      carrying amount is reduced to its recoverable amount.
      In assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value. When it is not possible
      to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-
      generating unit to which the asset belongs.
      Except for goodwill, when an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating
      unit is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed
      the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or cash-
      generating unit) earlier.
      Goodwill, intangible assets and intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually and
      whenever there is an indication that the asset may be impaired.
      Reversal of impairment loss
      An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is
      Reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
      determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.
i)    Inventories
      Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realisable value.
      Cost of raw materials, components and consumables are ascertained on a moving weighted average basis. Cost, including
      fixed and variable production overheads, are allocated to work-in-progress and finished goods determined on a full absorption
      cost basis.
      Cost of inventories also include all other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
      Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated cost of completion and
      selling expenses.
j)    Cash and cash equivalents
      Cash and Cash Equivalent include Cash on hand, Demand deposit with Banks, Other short-term highly liquid investments
      with original maturities of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Bank overdradfts
      are shown within short-term borrowings in the balance sheet.
k)    Revenue recognition
      i)    Sale of Products
            The Group recognises revenues from sale of products measured at the amount of transaction price (net of variable
            consideration), when it satisfies its performance obligation at a point in time which is when products are delivered to


128   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 131 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


            buyers. Accordingly the Group recongnizes revenue when all significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods
            are passed on to the buyer, recovery of the consideration is probable, the associated costs can be estimated reliably,
            there is no continuing effective control over, or managerial involvement with, the goods, and the amount of revenue can
            be measured reliably. It excludes Goods and Service tax (GST),sales tax wherever applicable. The transaction price of
            goods sold is net of variable consideration on account of various discounts and schemes offered by the Group as part
            of the contract.
     ii)    Sale of Services
            Sale of services includes maintenance services provided to the customers.
     iii)   Other income
     •      Interest income
            Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the
            Group and the amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest income is accrued on, time basis, by reference to
            the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated
            future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to that asset's net carrying amount on initial
            recognition.
     •      Dividend
            Dividends are recognised in the statement of profit and loss only when the right to receive the payment is established,
            it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Company, and the amount can be
            measured reliably.
     •      Export Incentive
            Export incentives are recognised when the right to receive credit as per the terms of incentives is established in respect
            of the exports made and when there is no significant uncertainty regarding the ultimate collection of the relevant export
            proceeds.
l)   Borrowing costs:
     Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that
     necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets,
     until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are recognised
     in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
m)   Foreign currency transactions and balances
     These consolidated financial statements are presented in Indian rupees, which is the functional currency of Kabra Extrusion
     Technik Limited.Transactions in foreign currency are recorded at exchange rates prevailing at the date of transactions.
     Exchange differences arising on foreign exchange transactions settled during the year are recognized in the statement of
     profit and loss of the year.
     Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies which are outstanding, as at the reporting period are
     translated at the closing exchange rates and the resultant exchange differences are recognized in the statement of profit and
     loss.
     Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured in terms of historical cost are
     translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.
     The date of the transaction for the purpose of determining the exchange rate to use on the initial recognition of the related
     asset, expense or income (or part of it) is the date on which entity initially recognizes the non-monetary asset or non-
     monetary liability arising from the payment or receipt of advance.
n)   Employee Benefits
     Short-term employee benefits
     All employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months of rendering the services are classified as short-term employee
     benefits. Benefits such as salaries, wages, expected cost of bonus and short-term compensated absences, performance
     pay etc. are recognized in the period in which the employee renders the related service.
     Post-employment benefits
     Defined Contribution plans
     The Group’s approved Superannuation Scheme, Central Provident Fund Scheme and National Pension Scheme are
     a defined contribution plan. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The
     contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due.
     Defined contribution to Employees Pension Scheme 1995 is made to Government Provident Fund Authority and recognized
     as expense as and when due.



                                                                                               43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 129

===== PAGE 132 =====
      Defined Benefit plans
      The Group operates a defined benefit gratuity plan, which requires contributions to be made to a fund set up by Life
      Insurance Corporation of India. The present value of the obligation under such defined benefit plans is determined based on
      actuarial valuation using the projected unit credit method, which recognises each period of service as giving rise to additional
      unit of employee benefit entitlement and measures each unit separately to build up the final obligation.
      The obligation is measured at the present value of the estimated future cash flows. The discount rates used for determining
      the present value of the obligation under defined benefit plans, is based on the market yields on government securities as
      at the reporting date, having maturity periods approximating to the terms of related obligations.
      Remeasurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling, excluding amounts included in net
      interest on the net defined benefit liability and the return on plan assets, are recognised immediately in the balance sheet
      with a corresponding debit or credit to retained earnings through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) in the period in which
      they occur. Remeasurements are not reclassified to the statement of profit and loss in subsequent periods.
      In case of funded plans, the fair value of the plan’s assets is reduced from the gross obligation under the defined benefit
      plans, to recognise the obligation on net basis.
      Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments or curtailments are recognised
      immediately in profit or loss as past service cost.
      Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or the fair value of the plan asset.
      The cost is included in employee benefit expense in the statement of profit and loss.
      Other long-term employee benefits
      The liabilities for earned leave which are not expected to be settled within twelve months after the end of the reporting period
      in which the employee render the related service. They are therefore measured as the present value of expected future
      payments to be made in respect of services provided by employee up to the end of the reporting period using the projected
      unit credit method. The benefits are discounted using the market yields at the end of the reporting period that have terms
      approximating the terms of the related obligation. Remeasurements as a result of experience adjustments and change in
      actuarial assumptions are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. The obligations are presented as current liabilities
      in the Balance Sheet if the entity does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement for at least twelve months after the
      reporting period, regardless of when the actual settlement is expected to occur.
o)    Taxation
      Current tax is determined as the amount of tax payable in respect of taxable income for the year. The Company’s current tax
      is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
      Deferred tax
      Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
      and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the reporting date.Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all
      taxable temporary differences, except:
      •     When the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that
            is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit
            or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;
      •     In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in
            joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the
            temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
      Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits and any
      unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
      against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can
      be utilised, except:
      •     When the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an
            asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither
            the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary
            differences;
      •     In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in
            joint ventures, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences
            will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can
            be utilised.
      Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss (either in other
      comprehensive income or in equity). Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in
      other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it
      is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

130   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 133 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


     Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability
     is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
     end of the reporting period.
     The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in
     which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and
     liabilities.
p)   Government Grant:
     Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attached
     conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to revenue, it is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss on
     a systematic basis over the periods to which they relate.
     When the grant relates to an asset, it is treated as deferred income and recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss on a
     systematic basis over the useful life of the asset using capital approach.
q)   Provisions and contingencies
     A provision is recorded when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable
     that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reasonably estimated.
     Provision is made for estimated warranty claims in respect of products sold which are still under warranty at the end of the
     reporting period. These claims are expected to be settled as and when warranty claims arise. Management estimates the
     provision based on historical warranty claim information and any recent trends that may suggest future claims could differ
     from historical amounts.
     A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events whose existence will be confirmed by the occurrence
     or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events beyond the control of the Group or a present obligation that is
     not recognized because it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation. A contingent
     liability also arises where there is a liability that cannot be recognized because it cannot be measured reliably. The Group
     does not recognize a contingent liability but discloses its existence in the financial statements.
     Contingent assets are not recognised in financial statements, unless they are virtually certain. However, contingent assets
     are disclosed where inflow of economic benefits are probable.
     Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets are reviewed at each balance sheet date.
r)   Fair value measurement
     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
     market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction
     to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
     •     In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
     •     In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
     The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to
     measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.
     •     Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
     •     Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is
           directly or indirectly observable.
     •     Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is
           unobservable.
     For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether
     transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that
     is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.
     For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Group has determined classes of assets and liabilities based on the nature,
     characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy.
t)   Financial instruments
     A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity
     instrument of another entity.
     Initial recognition and measurement
     Financial instruments are initially recognised when the entity becomes party to the contract.
     Financial instruments are measured initially at fair value adjusted for transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
     origination of the financial instrument where financial instruments not classified at fair value through profit or loss. Transaction
     costs of financial instruments which are classified as fair value through profit or loss are expensed in the statement of profit
     and loss.

                                                                                                43rd Annual Report 2025-26        | 131

===== PAGE 134 =====
      Subsequent measurement of financial assets
      For the purposes of subsequent measurement, the financial assets are classified in the following categories based on the
      Group’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of cash flows:
      •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value; either through OCI or through profit or loss
      •     those measured at amortised cost
      For assets measured at fair value, changes in fair value will either be recorded in the statement of profit and loss or OCI.
      For investments in debt instruments, this will depend on the business model in which investment is held. For investments in
      equity instruments, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition
      to account for equity investment at fair value through OCI.
      The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.
      Debt instruments at amortised cost
      A ‘debt instrument’ is measured at the amortised cost if both the following conditions are satisfied:
      •     The asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets for collecting contractual cash flows, and
      •     The contractual terms of the asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
            interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding.
      A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at amortised cost and is not part of hedging relationship
      is recognised in the statement of profit and loss when the asset is derecognised or impaired. Interest income from these
      financial assets is included in finance income using effective interest rate (EIR) method.
      Equity investments
      All equity investments in the scope of Ind AS 109 Financial Instruments are measured at fair value. Equity instruments which
      are held for trading are classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity instruments, the Group may make an irrevocable election
      to recognise subsequent changes in the fair value in OCI. The Group makes such election on an instrument-by-instrument
      basis. The classification is made on initial recognition and is irrevocable.
      If the Group decides to classify an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value changes on the instrument, excluding
      dividends, are recognized in OCI. There is no recycling of the amounts from OCI to the statement of profit and loss, even on
      sale of equity instrument.
      Equity instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognised in the
      statement of profit and loss.
      Subsequent measurement of financial liabilities
      For the purposes of subsequent measurement, the financial liabilities are classified in the following categories:
      •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
      •     those measured at amortised cost
      Following financial liabilities will be classified under FVTPL:
      •     Financial liabilities held for trading
      •     Derivative financial liabilities
      •     Liability designated to be measured under FVTPL All other financial liabilities are classified at amortised cost.
      For financial liabilities measured at fair value, changes in fair value will recorded in the statement of profit and loss except
      for the fair value changes on account of own credit risk are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI).
      Interest expense on financial liabilities classified under amortised cost category are measured using effective interest rate
      (EIR) method and are recognised in statement of profit or loss.
      Derecognition of financial instruments
      The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or it
      transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks and rewards of
      ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which the Group neither transfers nor retain substantially all of the risks
      and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset.
      A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an
      existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an
      existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original
      liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement
      of profit or loss.




132   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 135 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


     Impairment of financial assets
     The Group applies Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of impairment loss on the financial
     assets mentioned below:
     •     Financial assets that are debt instrument and are measured at amortised cost
     •     Financial assets that are debt instruments and are measured as at FVOCI
     •     Trade receivables under Ind AS 18
     The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. Details how
     the Group determines whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk is explained in the respective notes.
     For impairment of trade receivables, the Group chooses to apply practical expedient of providing expected credit loss based
     on provision matrix and does not require the Group to track changes in credit risk. Percentage of ECL under provision matrix
     is determined based on historical data as well as futuristic information.
     Derivative financial instruments
     Initial measurement and subsequent measurement
     The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts to hedge foreign currency risks. Such
     derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into
     and are subsequently re-measured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive
     and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative. Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of
     derivatives are taken directly to profit or loss.
u)   Dividend Distribution
     The Group recognises a liability to make dividend distributions to equity holders of the Group when the distribution is
     authorised and approved by the shareholders. Any interim dividend paid is recognised on approval by Board of Directors.
     Dividend payable and corresponding tax on dividend distribution is recognised directly in equity.
v)   Earnings per share (EPS)
     Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Group by the weighted average
     number of equity shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in equity shares issued during
     the year and excluding treasury shares.
     For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit for the period attributable to equity shareholders
     and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential
     equity shares. In computing diluted earnings per share, only potential equity shares that are dilutive and that either reduces
     earnings per share or increases loss per share are included
w)   Operating Segment
     The Group has determined that the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) is the Board of Directors (BoD). Operating
     segments used to present segment information are identified based on the internal reports used and reviewed by the BOD
     to assess performance and allocate resources.
     An Operating Segment is the level at which discrete financial information is available. Business segments are identified
     considering:
     a)    the nature of products and services
     b)    the differing risks and returns
     c)    the internal organisation and management structure, and
     d)    the internal financial reporting systems.
     Revenue and expenses directly attributable to segments are reported under each reportable segment. Exceptional items
     and other expenses which are not attributable or allocable to segments are disclosed separately. Assets and liabilities that
     are directly attributable or allocable to segments are disclosed under each reportable segment. All other assets and liabilities
     are disclosed as unallocable assets and liabilities.
     The Group is an operating Group, primarily having operations in Extrusion Machinery and Battery Division.The segment
     related disclosure for comparative period.
x)   Significant accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions
     The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with Ind AS, requires the management to make judgments, estimates
     and assumptions that affect the amounts of revenue, expenses, current assets, non-current assets, current liabilities, non-
     current liabilities, disclosure of the contingent liabilities and notes to accounts at the end of each reporting period. Actuals
     may differ from these estimates.




                                                                                               43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 133

===== PAGE 136 =====
      Judgements
      In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management have made the following judgements, which have
      the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:
      Useful life, method and residual value of property, plant and equipments
      Plant and machineries and factory buildings contribute significant portion of the Group's Property, plant and equipment. The
      Group estimates the useful life and residual value of assets. However the actual useful life and residual value may be shorter
      / less or longer / more depending on technical innovations and competitive actions. Further, Group is depreciating its plant
      and machineries and factory buildings by using straight line method based on the management estimate that repairs / wear
      and tear to plant and machineries and factory buildings are consistent over useful life of assets.
      Contingent liability
      The Group has received orders and notices from tax authorities in respect of direct taxes and indirect taxes. Management
      regularly analyses current information about these matters and discloses the information of related contingent liability. In
      making the decision regarding the need for creating loss provision, management considers the degree of probability of an
      unfavourable outcome and the ability to make a sufficiently reliable estimate of the amount of loss. The filing of a suit or
      formal assertion of a claim against the Group or the disclosure of any such suit or assertions, does not automatically indicate
      that a provision of a loss may be appropriate.
      Estimates and assumptions
      The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that have
      a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial
      year, are described below. The Group based its estimates and assumptions on parameters available when the financial
      statements are prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may change due
      to market conditions or circumstances arising that are beyond the control of the. Such Group changes are reflected in the
      assumptions when they occur.
      Estimation of Provisions for Warranty claims and Expenses
      Provision is made for estimated warranty claims in respect of products sold which are still under warranty at the end of the
      reporting period. These claims are expected to be settled as and when warranty claims arise. Management estimates the
      provision based on historical warranty claim information and any recent trends that may suggest future claims could differ
      from historical amounts.
      Defined benefit obligation
      The cost of the defined benefit plans and other post-employment benefits and the present value of the obligations are
      determined using actuarial valuation. An actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions that may differ from actual
      developments in the future. These include the determination of the discount rate, future salary increases, mortality rates and
      future post-retirement medical benefit increase. Due to the complexities involved in the valuation and its long-term nature,
      a defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at each
      reporting date.
      The parameter most subject to change is the discount rate. In determining the appropriate discount rate, management
      considers the interest rates of government bonds in currencies consistent with the currencies of the post-employment benefit
      obligations and extrapolated as needed along the yield curve to correspond with the expected term of the defined benefit
      obligation.
      The mortality rate is based on publicly available mortality tables. Those mortality tables tend to change only at intervals in
      response to demographic changes. Future salary increases are based on the expected future inflation rates for the country.
      Further details about defined benefit obligations are provided in the respective note prepared elsewhere in the financial
      statement.
      Deferred Tax
      Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences including the carry forward of unused tax credits.
      Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the
      deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits can be utilized.
      Estimation and underlying assumptions are reviewed on ongoing basis. Revisions to estimates are recognised prospectively.
y)    Recent accounting pronouncements
      For the year ended March 31, 2025, MCA has notified Ind AS – 117 Insurance Contracts and amendments to Ind AS 116 –
      Leases, relating to sale and leaseback transactions, applicable to the Group w.e.f. April 1, 2024. The Group has reviewed
      the new pronouncements and based on its evaluation has determined that it does not have any impact in its financial
      statements.




134   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 137 =====
                             2A   Property, plant and equipment
                                  Changes in the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment
                                  Current year
                                                                                                                                                                                                 (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                   Particulars                                         Land       Building     Land          Plant &      Furniture &   Vehicles    Office       Computer       Total     Capital work
                                                                                    (Freehold)              (Leasehold)     Equipment      Fixtures               Equipments                              in progress
                                   Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2025             2805.94     7628.67     1321.64       16693.18        1174.27      375.31      393.09      1048.69      31,440.78     5,034.55
                                   Additions                                                  -        60.65            -     6,282.57        236.65        116.72      13.59        80.91       6,791.09    (3,813.68)
                                   Government Incentive (Adjustments)                         -              -          -             -             -              -         -              -            -            -
                                   Disposal/retirements/derecognition                         -              -          -        23.39           1.48        11.22       2.47               -       38.56             -
                                   Gross carrying amount as at 31st March 2026        2,805.94      7,689.32     1,321.64    22,952.36       1,409.44      480.81      404.21      1,129.60     38,193.31     1,220.87
                                   Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2025                -     1,738.13       85.19      8,016.08        923.02       201.90      281.22       917.49      12,163.04             -
                                   Depreciation                                               -      222.92        13.91      2,019.48          81.54        48.86      38.30        87.44       2,520.79             -
                                   Disposal/retirements/derecognition                         -              -          -       (13.63)        (0.61)      (10.66)      (1.30)              -      (26.19)            -
                                   Accumulated depreciation as at 31st March                  -     1,961.05       99.10     10,021.94       1,003.96       240.11     318.22      1,004.93     14,657.64             -
                                   2025
                                   Carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                2,805.94      5,890.53     1,236.45     8,677.10        251.24       173.42      111.86       131.20      19,277.74     5,034.55
                                   Carrying amount as at 31st March 2026              2,805.94      5,728.27     1,222.54    12,930.42        405.48       240.71       85.98       124.67      23,544.00     1,220.87
                                  Note:
                                  (i)  Refer note 17 for details of property, plant and equipment pledged as security for borrowings.
                                  (ii)    The Title Deeds of Immovable Properties are held in name of the Company.
                                  (iii)   The Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment as at 31st March 2026
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements




                                  Previous Year
                                                                                                                                                                                                 (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                   Particulars                                         Land       Building     Land          Plant &      Furniture &   Vehicles    Office       Computer       Total     Capital work
                                                                                    (Freehold)              (Leasehold)     Equipment      Fixtures               Equipments                              in progress
                                   Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2024             2805.94     5901.35     1321.64       15449.21        1112.28      375.31      327.29       977.10      28,270.11     2,432.54
                                   Additions                                                  -     1,817.57            -     2,660.69          66.00              -    67.62        77.01       4,688.90     2,602.00
                                   Government Incentive (Adjustments)                         -      (90.25)            -    (1,416.22)        (4.01)              -    (0.62)       (2.46)     (1,513.56)
                                   Disposal/retirements/derecognition                         -              -          -        (0.50)             -                   (1.21)       (2.96)         (4.67)            -
                                   Gross carrying amount as at 31st March 2025        2,805.94      7,628.67     1,321.64    16,693.18       1,174.27      375.31      393.09      1,048.69     31,440.78     5,034.55
                                   Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2024                -     1556.12        71.27       6629.51        868.82       161.22      252.05       817.82      10,356.82             -
                                   Depreciation                                               -      182.02        13.91      1,386.58          54.20        40.68      30.32       102.53       1,852.79             -
                                   Disposal/retirements/derecognition                         -              -          -        (0.01)             -                   (1.15)       (2.86)         (4.02)            -
                                   Accumulated depreciation as at 31st March 2025             -     1,738.13       85.19      8,016.08        923.02       201.90      281.22       917.49      12,205.59             -




43rd Annual Report 2025-26
                                   Carrying amount as at 31 March 2024                2,805.94      4,345.23     1,250.36     8,819.69        243.46       214.10       75.24       159.28      17,913.29     2,432.54
                                   Carrying amount as at 31st March 2025              2,805.94      5,890.53     1,236.45     8,677.10        251.24       173.42      111.86       131.20      19,277.74     5,034.55




| 135

===== PAGE 138 =====
                                                                                                     (Amount in ` Lakhs)
2B    Capital work in progress (CWIP)
      Particulars                                                                                              Total
      As at 1 April 2025                                                                                         5,034.55
      Additions                                                                                                    289.76
      Transfer from CWIP                                                                                         4,412.03
      As at 31 March 2026                                                                                          912.27

                                                          Amount in CWIP for a period of                        Total
      Particulars                          Less than        1-2 years      2-3 years         More than
                                            1 year                                            3 years
      Current year
      Projects in progress                      289.76             622.52               -                  -       912.27
      Projects temporarily suspended                 -                  -               -                  -            -
      Previous reporting period (FY 2023-24)
      Particulars                                                                                              Total
      As at 1 April 2024                                                                                         2,432.54
      Additions                                                                                                  2,602.00
      Capitalised                                                                                                       -
      As at 31 March 2025                                                                                        5,034.55

                                                          Amount in CWIP for a period of                        Total
      Particulars                         Less than 1       1-2 years      2-3 years        More than 3
                                             year                                             years
      Current year
      Projects in progress                     2,602.00           2,432.54              -                  -     5,034.55
      Projects temporarily suspended                  -                  -              -                  -            -
2C    Intangible assets
      Changes in the carrying amount of other intangible assets
      Particulars                                             Technical      Software       New Product         Total
                                                              Know-How                      Devlopment
      Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2025                   2829.42          850.54            0.00         3,679.96
      Additions                                                         -         (21.48)          36.48            14.99
      Government Incentive (Adjustments)                                -               -              -                -
      Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                -               -              -                -
      Gross carrying amount as at 31st March 2026                2,829.42         829.05           36.48         3,694.95
      Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2025                2598.36          275.44               -         2,873.80
      Depreciation                                                 120.58           52.30           1.18           174.06
      Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                -               -              -                -
      Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2026               2,718.94         327.74            1.18         3,047.87
      Carrying amount as at 31 March2025                           231.06         575.10               -           806.15
      Carrying amount as at 31st March 2026                        110.48         501.31           35.30           647.08
      Previous Year

      Particulars                                             Technical      Software       New Product         Total
                                                              Know-How                      Devlopment
      Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2024                   2927.25          275.83               -         3,203.07
      Additions                                                     22.20         578.84               -           601.04
      Disposal/retirements/derecognition                         (120.03)          (4.13)              -         (124.15)
      Gross carrying amount as at 31st March 2025                2,829.42         850.54               -         3,679.96
      Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2024                2492.31          210.97               -         2,703.27
      Depreciation                                                 106.06          64.48               -           170.53
      Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                -               -              -                -
      Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2025               2,598.36         275.44               -         2,873.80
      Carrying amount as at 31 March2024                           434.94          64.86               -           499.80
      Carrying amount as at 31st March 2025                        231.06         575.10               -           806.15

136   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 139 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                         (Amount in ` Lakhs)
2D   Intangibles Under Development

     Particulars                                                                                                Total
     As at 1 April 2025                                                                                                    -
     Additions in Intangibles                                                                                         345.07
     Transfer from Intangibles                                                                                         36.48
     As at 31 March 2026                                                                                              308.59
     Ageing for Intangible Assets

     Particulars                          Amount in Intangibles Under Development for a period of
                                          Less than 1    1-2 years       2-3 years         More than 3          Total
                                             year                                            years
     Current year
     Projects in progress                       308.59               -               -                   -            308.59
     Projects temporarily suspended                  -               -               -                   -                  -
2E   Right of Use Assets
     Changes in the carrying amount of ROU Assets

     Particulars                                                                                             ROU Asset
     Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2025                                                                         277.61
     Additions                                                                                                        410.48
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                                                                     -
     Gross carrying amount as at 31 March 2026                                                                        688.09
     Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2025                                                                        46.27
     Depreciation                                                                                                     270.35
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                                                                     -
     Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2026                                                                     316.62
     Carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                                                                                    -
     Carrying amount as at 31 March 2026                                                                              371.48

     Previous Year

     Particulars                                                                                             ROU Asset
     Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2024                                                                               -
     Additions                                                                                                        277.61
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                                                                     -
     Gross carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                                                                        277.61
     Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2024                                                                            -
     Depreciation                                                                                                       46.27
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                                                                     -
     Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2025                                                                       46.27
     Carrying amount as at 31 March 2024                                                                                    -
     Carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                                                                              231.34




                                                                                         43rd Annual Report 2025-26     | 137

===== PAGE 140 =====
                                                                                                          (Amount in ` Lakhs)
Paritculars                                                     As at 31 March 2026                As at 31 March 2025
                                                             Units (nos.)        Amounts        Units (nos.)        Amounts
 3    Investments (Non-current)
      Category wise instruments
      Category wise instruments
      Investment in Equity Instruments                           2077332          1,707.07          2134780          2,617.84
      Investment in Bonds                                           2610             26.10             2610             26.10
                                                                 2079942          1,733.17          2137390          2,643.94
 A    Investment in Subsidiaries, Assosciates and
      Joint Ventures
      Investment in equity instrument carried at cost
      Unquoted investments                                                                -                                  -
      Investment in Subsidiaries
      Kabra Energy Pvt.Ltd (Formaly known as Kolsite                 1000                 -             1000                 -
      Energy Pvt. Ltd.) (Equity shares at face value of ₹
      10 each)(Refer Note No.2)
      Investment in Joint Ventures
      Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt. Ltd. (Equity             699800             33.63           699800             34.25
      shares at face value of ₹ 10)
      Penta Auto Feeding India Ltd. (Equity shares at                                     -                0                 -
      face value  of ₹ 10 each) (Upto 6th Feb 2025)
                                                                  700800             33.63           700800             34.25
 B    Investments in other entities
      Investments in equity instruments of other
      entities measured at Fair Value through Other
      Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)
      Quoted investments
      Plastiblends India Ltd. (Equity shares of ₹ 5 each)        1376519          1,673.43          1433967          2,583.58
                                                                 1376519          1,673.43          1433967          2,583.58
      Investments in equity instruments of other
      entities measured at cost
      Unquoted investments
      Mohid Park Co-op Hsg. Soc.Ltd (₹ 50 each)*                         5              0.0                5             0.00
      Royal Twin Co-op Hsg. Soc.Ltd (₹ 50 each)*                         5              0.0                5             0.00
      Plastic Machinery Mfg. Association of India (₹ 100                 3              0.0                3             0.00
      each)*
                                                                    13.00             0.01                13             0.01
      Investment in Debt instruments at cost
      Investment in bonds
      Indian Railway Finance Corp. Tax Free Bond                     2610            26.10             2,610            26.10
      Indian Railway Finance Corp. Tax Free Bond
      (Bonds of ₹ 1000 each)
                                                                     2610           26.10                2,610          26.10
      * Denotes amount less than Rs. 50,000/-
      Notes:
      1.   During the year ended 31 March, 2022, the company invested INR 80 Lakhs in Varos Technology Private Limited and
           holds 100% stake in the entity as at the Balance Sheet date
      2.   During the year ended 31 March, 2023, the company invested INR 0.10 Lakhs in Kabra Energy Private Limited
           (formerly known as Kolsite Energy Private Limited) and holds 100% stake in the entity as at the Balance Sheet date.

                                                             Units (nos.)        Amounts        Units (nos.)        Amounts
      Aggregate amount of quoted investments and                 1376519          1,673.43          1433967          2,583.58
      market value
      Aggregate amount of unquoted investments                    703423             59.74           703423             60.36
                                                                 2079942          1,733.17         21,37,390         2,643.94

138   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 141 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                             (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                  As at 31 March 2026      As at 31 March 2025
 4   Other Financial asset (Non-current)
     (Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
     Security deposits                                                                           172.34                   175.80
     Bank Deposits with more than 12 months maturity                                             383.72                    18.72
                                                                                                 556.06                   194.52
     Notes:
     No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company,severally or jointly with any other person; or from
     firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member except security deposit
     given to Kolsite Corporation LLP amounting to ₹ 20.35 Lakhs (2024 : ₹ 20.35 lakhs)
                                                                                  As at 31 March 2026      As at 31 March 2025
 5   Deferred tax assets / (liabilities)
     Provision for doubtful debts and advances                                                   265.13                   201.86
     Provision for leave encashment                                                               46.46                    31.84
     Provision for gratuity                                                                       19.32                    19.15
     Provision for bonus                                                                          24.06                    22.97
     Excess of depreciation/amortisation on fixed assets under income-tax                     (1,057.12)              (1,093.48)
     law over depreciation/amortisation provided in accounts
     Fair valuation of non-current investments                                                   124.15                    72.64
     Fair valuation of current investments                                                        15.99                  (27.00)
     MAT credit entitlement                                                                            -                        -
     Net deferred tax assets / (liabilities)                                                    (562.02)                (772.02)
     Refer note no. 42 on Income taxes for further disclosures.
 6   Other non-current assets
     Capital advances
           Considered good                                                                     1,196.09                   433.44
     Other than capital advance
           Security deposits with revenue authorities                                               6.49                    6.48
                                                                                               1,202.58                   439.92
     Note:
     (i)     No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company,severally or jointly with any other person; or
             from firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member
                                                                                  As at 31 March 2026      As at 31 March 2025

 7   Inventories
     Raw materials                                                                            16,528.80               17,962.32
     Work-in-progress                                                                         12,087.14                11,128.95
                                                                                              28,615.94               29,091.27
 8   Current investments
     Mutual Funds                                                                              2,258.74                 5,349.26
                                                                                               2,258.74                 5,349.26




                                                                                           43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 139

===== PAGE 142 =====
                                                                                                                       (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      Investment in Mutual Funds measured at Fair Value through Profit and Loss
      Quoted investments
      Paritculars                                                         As at 31 March 2026                    As at 31 March 2025
                                                                      Units (nos.)        Amounts          Units (nos.)          Amounts
      Motilal Oswal Most Focused Multicap 35 Fund (R)                       190380             97.20               190380           108.62
      HSBC Value fund - Direct Growth                                        50448             57.71                50448            55.25
      Mirae Asset India Opportunity fund - Growth (D)                        40501             45.81                40501            47.63
      ICICI Prudential Liquid Fund Growth (D)                                89350           364.27                317239         1,217.87
      Kotak Liquid Fund Direct Plan Growth                                    7204           400.91                 23868         1,250.55
      HDFC Liquid Fund Direct Plan Growth                                     6932           374.99                 24107         1,227.88
      Kotak Equity Arbitrage Fund - Direct Plan Growth                      745024           313.13              1235577            486.23
      ICICI Prudential Equity Arbitrage Fund Direct                         803702           310.07              1337717            483.56
      Growth
      TATA Arbitrage Fund Direct Plan Growth                               1536997           243.97              2836320            420.93
      Kotak Flexi cap Fund-Direct Plan-Growth                                58362             50.68                58362            50.74
                                                                           3528899         2,258.74               6114519         5,349.26

      Note:
      The investments are valued on the basis of market value as on the Balance Sheet date.
                                                                                                   As at 31 March           As at 31 March
                                                                                                             2026                     2025
 9    Trade receivables
      Trade receivables (Unsecured) :
      - Considered good                                                                                  7,998.99                 9,091.36
      - Receivables which have significant increase in credit risk                                       1,053.44                  802.06
                                                                                                         9,052.43                 9,893.42
      Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                         1,053.44                  802.06
                                                                                                         7,998.99                 9,091.36
      Notes:
      Trade Receivables ageing as on 31 March 2026
      Particulars                                    Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment                    Total
                                           Not due        Less than       6 months -   1 year to     2 year to      More than
                                                          6 months          1 year      2 year        3 year         3 years
      Undisputed Trade Receivables
      Considered good                        4128.45         379.88           115.41      471.76       2,021.56       1,913.97     9,031.04
      Credit impaired
      which have significant increase in
      credit risk
      Disputed Trade Receivables
      considered good                                                                                                   21.39          21.39
      credit impaired
      which have significant increase in
      credit risk
      Sub Total                             4,128.45         379.88           115.41      471.76       2,021.56       1,935.36     9,052.43
      Less: Provision for Doubtful Debts              -               -        24.36       96.96        476.99         455.13      1,053.44
      TOTAL                                 4,128.45         379.88            91.06      374.80       1,544.56       1,480.23     7,998.99



140   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 143 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


      Trade Receivables ageing as on 31 March 2025
      Particulars                                    Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment               Total
                                           Not due       Less than     6 months -   1 year to     2 year to     More than
                                                         6 months        1 year      2 year        3 year        3 years
      Undisputed Trade Receivables
      Considered good                       4,263.66        1,430.20        63.36     2,037.30     1,146.22         952.68    9,893.41
      Credit impaired
      which have significant increase in
      credit risk
      Disputed Trade Receivables
      considered good
      credit impaired
      which have significant increase in
      credit risk
      Sub Total                             4,263.66        1,430.20        63.36     2,037.30     1,146.22         952.68    9,893.39
      Less: Provision for Doubtful Debts                                     8.59       292.26       273.75         227.46      802.06
      TOTAL                                 4,263.66        1,430.20        54.77     1,745.04       872.47         725.22    9,091.36
      Note:
      As at March 31, 2025, the Company has outstanding trade receivables amounting to ₹3,039 lakhs from Hero Electric Vehicle
      Pvt. Ltd. (HEVPL). Pursuant to an order dated December 20,2024, the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT)
      has admitted an application to initiate corporate insolvency resolution process (CIRP) against HEVPL under the Insolvency
      and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. In view of the initiation of insolvency proceedings and pending recoveries, the Company has
      recognized a provision for doubtful debts pertaining to receivables from HEVPL using the Expected Credit Loss Model as per
      Ind AS 109, additionally considering the existing business position of HEVPL, it is estimated that warranty provisions would
      no longer be required against the sales to HEVPL in previous years. Accordingly, provision for warranty pertaining to such
      sales have been reversed.
                                                                                      As at 31 March 2026         As at 31 March 2025
 10   Cash and cash equivalents
      Cash on hand                                                                                       3.48                    4.60
      Balances with banks
      on current accounts                                                                             200.55                  236.63
                                                                                                      204.03                  241.23
10A Other Balances with Banks
       Unclaimed dividend accounts                                                                     32.57                   35.12
    Margin Money and Security Deposits                                                                 70.98                  521.02
    (Having maturrity more than 3 months but less than 12 Months )
                                                                                                      103.54                  556.14
 11   Loans
      (Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
      - Loan to employees                                                                              83.57                    75.01
                                                                                                       83.57                    75.01
      Note:
       No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from
      firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member.
                                                                                As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 12   Other current financial assets
      (Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
      Derivative assets
      Derivative assets measured at Fair Value through Profit and Loss                              4.97                         -
      Other than derivative assets
          Export incentive receivable                                                              17.36                   18.76
          Interest receivables                                                                     18.41                    22.11
          Other receivables                                                                         0.33                   40.21
          Bank Deposits (with less than 12 months maturity)                                       266.40                  257.71
          Security deposits                                                                        16.01                     6.75
                                                                                                  323.48                  345.54
      Note:
      No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from
      firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member.

                                                                                                 43rd Annual Report 2025-26     | 141

===== PAGE 144 =====
                                                                                                              (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                  As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
 13   Other current assets
      (Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
      Advance to vendors                                                                         2,227.21               1,363.69
      Balances with Government Authorities                                                       4,938.46               3,599.54
      License in hand                                                                               11.11                  18.24
      Advance for expenses                                                                         31.07                   10.07
      Prepaid expense                                                                             194.59                  194.80
      Others                                                                                       (5.89)                   0.03
      Gratuity (Refer note 37.1)                                                                        -                  60.99
                                                                                                 7,396.57               5,247.37
      Note:
      No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from
      firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member.
                                                                                  As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
 14   Equity Share capital
      Authorised:
      4,00,00,000 (Previous year 4,00,00,000) equity shares of ₹ 5 each fully                    2,000.00               2,000.00
      paid up
                                                                                                 2,000.00               2,000.00
      Issued, subscribed and fully paid up:
      3,49,72,836 (Previous year 3,49,72,836) equity shares of ₹ 5 each fully                    1,748.64               1,748.64
      paid up
                                                                                                 1,748.64               1,748.64

14.1 Reconciliation of the number of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year:
      Paritculars                                                  As at 31 March 2026                As at 31 March 2025
                                                                 Number of        (`) in lakhs       Number of       (`) in lakhs
                                                                   shares                              shares
      Equity shares
      At the beginning of the year                                34972836           1,748.64         34972836          1,748.64
      Addition during the year*                                                              -
      Outstanding at the end of the year                          34972836           1,748.64         34972836          1,748.64

      * The Company has issued 1,381,730 shares of ₹ 5 Each at the premium of ₹ 324 each
14.2 The Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of ₹ 5 per share. Each shareholder is eligible for one
     vote per share held. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the
     Company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding. The dividend proposed by the
     Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, except in case of
     interim dividend.
14.3 Number of equity shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares in the Company are as follows:
      Name of the shareholders                                   Number of              % of      Number of                % of
                                                              shares as at       shares held   shares as at         shares held
                                                             31 March 2026                    31 March 2025
      Anand Kabra                                                  6364055              18.20       6364055                18.20
      Kolsite Corporation LLP                                       3828888             10.95          3828888             10.95
      Shreevallabh G. Kabra                                         1249270              3.57          2748455              7.86
      Kolsite Industries                                            2251826              6.44          2251826              6.44
      Shreevallabh Kabra Family Trust                               1799185              5.14           300000              0.86
      Ekta Anand Kabra                                              3157966              9.03          3157966              9.03


142   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 145 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                     (Amount in ` Lakhs)
14.4 Shares held by promoters at the year ended as on 31 March 2025
      Promoter name                                 As on 31 March 2026                 As on 31 March 2025
                                                  No. of   %of total    Change        No. of   %of total    Change
                                                 Shares      shares   during the     Shares      shares   during the
                                                                            year                                year
      Anand S. Kabra                            6364055      18.20%       0.00%     6364055      18.20%       0.00%
      Shreevallabh G. Kabra                         1000      0.00%      -7.86%     2748455        7.86%          -4.29%
      Ekta A. Kabra                             3267600       9.34%       0.31%     3157966        9.03%          0.00%
      Veenadevi S. Kabra                                0     0.00%       0.00%        1000        0.00%          0.00%
      Saritadevi S. Kabra                           2000      0.01%       0.00%        2000        0.01%          0.00%
      Satyanarayan G. Kabra                         2000      0.01%       0.00%        2000        0.01%          0.00%
      Varun S. Kabra                                2000      0.01%       0.00%        2000        0.01%          0.00%
      Shaurya A. Kabra                           175861       0.50%       0.00%      175861        0.50%          0.00%
      Khushi A. Kabra                            175861       0.50%       0.00%      175861        0.50%          0.00%
      Kolsite Industries                        2251826       6.44%       0.00%     2251826        6.44%          0.00%
      Kolsite Corporation LLP                   3807295       10.89%     -0.06%     3828888        10.95%         0.00%
      Plastiblends India Limited                 827372       2.37%       0.00%      827372        2.37%          0.00%
      Veenadevi Kabra Family Trust              1229194       3.51%       0.00%     1229194        3.51%          0.00%
      Shreevallabh Kabra Family Trust           3048455       8.72%       7.86%      300000        0.86%          4.29%
      Total                                    21154519       60.49%      0.25%    21066478        60.24%         0.00%

                                                                             As at 31 March 2026   As at 31 March 2025
 15   Other equity
      Share Premium & Warrant proceeds
      Opening balance                                                                  10,542.61             10,542.61
      Add: Issue of shares & warrants during the year                                          -                       -
      Closing Balance                                                                  10,542.61             10,542.61
      General Reserve
      Opening balance                                                                   5,476.10              5,476.10
      Add : Transferred from Profit and Loss Account                                           -                       -
      Closing Balance                                                                   5,476.10              5,476.10
      Retained Earnings
      Opening balance                                                                  26,056.68             24,341.13
      Profit for the year                                                               (535.97)              3,165.75
      Gain on Equity Instruments which was classified under FVTOCI                        122.10                       -
      transferred
      OCI Reserve adjustment                                                                   -                       -
      Share in profit/(loss) of joint ventures / associates                               (0.62)               (226.16)
      Dividend paid - ₹ 0.00 per share (2025: ₹ 3.50 per share)                         (874.32)             (1,224.05)
      Balance carried forward                                                          24,767.87             26,056.68
      Other comprehensive income
      Opening balance                                                                   2,414.14              3,079.31
      Impact of OCI Reserve related to prior period                                            -                       -
      Other comprehensive income for the year                                           (679.00)               (665.18)
      OCI Reserve adjustment                                                            (122.10)
      Balance carried forward                                                           1,613.04              2,414.14
                                                                                       42,399.61             44,489.52



                                                                                     43rd Annual Report 2025-26    | 143

===== PAGE 146 =====
                                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      Notes : Purpose and use of each Reserve
      1       Securities Premium Reserve
              According to Section 52 of the Act, Securities premium can be used for the following purposes
              •     For the issue of fully paid bonus share capital
              •     For meeting the preliminary expenses incurred by the company
              •     For the meeting the expenses, commision or discount incurred concerning securities previously issued by the
                    company
              •     For ensuring the availiablity of the premium on the redemption of redeemable debentures of preference share
                    capital of the company
              •     For funding a scheme of buy-back of securities which is conducted in compaliance with the provisions of section
                    68 of the company Act
      2       General Reserve
              General reserve is referred to as the reserve fund that is created by keeping aside a part of profit earned by the
              business during the course of an accounting period for fulfilling various business needs like meeting contingencies,
              offsetting future losses enhancing the working capital, paying dividends to the shareholders etc
      3       Retained Earnings
              Retained earnings are the portion of a company's cumulative profit that is held or retained and saved for future use
              Retained earnings could be used for funding an expansion or paying dividends to shareholders at a later date.
                                                                                    As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
 16    Provisions
       Provision for employee benefits
             Compensated Absences                                                                  144.07                  102.02
             Other employee Benefits (refer note i)                                                 33.03                   19.30
             Provision for Long term Warranty                                                      259.91                  541.03
                                                                                                   437.01                  662.35
      Notes:
      (i)     The provision for employee benefits includes long term service reward .
      (ii)    Movement in warranties provision

       Particulars                                                                      For the year ended    For the year ended
                                                                                          31 March 2026         31 March 2025
       Opening balance                                                                            1,162.72                1,340.47
       Additions during the year                                                                    230.38                 360.13
       Amount utilised                                                                             (512.08)                537.89
       Closing Balance                                                                            1,905.18                1,162.72
      The provision for warranty claims represents the present value as best estimate of the future economic outflows that will be
      required under the Company’s obligations for warranties.The estimate has been made on the basis of historical warranty
      trends and may vary as a result of new materials, altered manufacturing processes or other events affecting product quality.
16(a) Other Non current liabilities
                                                                                    As at 31 March 2026       As at 31 March 2025
       Other dues                                                                                  840.53                  848.87
                                                                                                   840.53                  848.87
      Note:
      The other dues pertain to the "Manufacturing and Other Operations in Warehouse Regulations" (MOOWR) scheme. Under
      this scheme, the Basic Customs Duty and IGST on the import of the plant & Machinery are deferred until the goods are
      cleared for home consumption.




144   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 147 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                     (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                       As at 31 March 2026         As at 31 March 2025
 17    Borrowings
       Long term borrowing
       - From banks
           Secured (refer note (iii) below)                                                             16.89                   562.49
           Unsecured                                                                                        -                        -
                                                                                                        16.89                   562.49
               Less - Current maturity of long term borrowing                                           11.06                   545.60
                                                                                                         5.83                    16.89
       Short-term Borrowings
         Secured                                                                                    14,091.64                12,016.15
         Unsecured                                                                                          -                        -
         Add - Current maturity of long term borrowing                                                  11.06                   545.60
                                                                                                    14,102.70                12,561.75
       Notes:
       (i)      Working Capital loans are secured by hypothecation of Company's all present and future movable assets and book
                debts. The fund based limits are payable on demand basis.
       (ii)     Term loan of ₹ 0 crores (2025: ₹ 5.35 crores) is secured by first Charge by way of mortgage on immovable fixed
                Assets (Industrial Land & Building) at Pune, Maharashtra and First Charge by way of Hypothecation of movable
                fixed assets at Pune, Maharashtra. There was no default continuing or otherwise as at the Balance Sheet date, in
                repayment of any of the above borrowings.
       (iii)    The company has used the borrowed funds for the specific purpose for which it was taken on the Balance Sheet date.
       (iv)     The quarterly returns or statements of current assets, filed by the Company with banks or financial institutions are in
                agreement with the Books of Accounts of the Company.

                                                                                       As at 31 March 2026         As at 31 March 2025
17(a) Lease Liabilities
       Total Lease Liabilities                                                                         396.69                   243.08
       Current Lease Liabilities                                                                       257.23                    87.34
       Non Current Lease Liabilities                                                                   139.46                   155.74
                                                                                                       396.69                   243.08

                                                                                       As at 31 March 2026         As at 31 March 2025
 18    Trade payables
       Total outstanding due of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises                                    219.74                   309.88
       Total outstanding due of other than Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises                       6,276.50                 7,159.74
                                                                                                     6,496.24                 7,469.62
      Notes:
      (i)      Refer note no 39 for Trade payables to related parties.
      (ii)     Ageing of Trade payables.		
       Current year

       Particulars                                  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
                                                     Not due        Less than    1-2 years       2-3 years       More than     Total
                                                                     1 year                                       3 years
       (i)   	 MSME undisputed                          219.74               -               -               -                  219.74
       (ii)  	 Others undisputed                      5,538.88         517.23        188.78                  -                6,244.90
       (iii) 	 Disputed dues – MSME                             -            -               -               -                         -
       (iv) 	 Disputed dues – Others                            -            -               -       31.60           39.42       71.02
       Total                                          5,758.62         517.23        188.78          31.60           39.42    6,535.66




                                                                                                  43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 145

===== PAGE 148 =====
                                                                                                                     (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      Previous year

      Particulars                              Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
                                               Not due       Less than     1-2 years       2-3 years       More than           Total
                                                              1 year                                        3 years
      (i)   	 MSME Undisputed                      309.88              -               -               -                        309.88
      (ii)  	 Others Undisputed                  6,636.34        147.35        228.80                  -                      7,012.49
      (iii) 	 Disputed dues – MSME                       -             -               -               -                               -
      (iv) 	 Disputed dues – Others                      -             -               -       31.47               115.77       147.24
       Total                                     6,946.22        147.35        228.80          31.47               115.77     7,469.62
      Disclosure in respect of the amounts payable to Micro and Small enterprises, as defined under Micro, Small and Medium
      Enterprises Development Act, 2006 has been made in the financial statements based on information received and available
      with the Company.

      Particulars                                                                  As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
      The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any                   219.74                        309.88
      supplier as at the end of each accounting period;
      The amount of interest paid by the buyer as per the Micro Small and                                      -                       -
      Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (MSMED Act, 2006)
      The amount of the payments made to micro and small suppliers beyond                                      -                       -
      the appointed day during each accounting year
      The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making                                 -                       -
      payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the
      year) but without adding the interest specified under MSMED Act, 2006
      The amount of interest accrued for unpaid principal at the end of each                               -                           -
      accounting year
      The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the                                 -                           -
      succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues as above are
      actually paid to the small enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a
      deductible expenditure under the MSMED Act, 2006

                                                                                   As at 31 March 2026             As at 31 March 2025
 19   Other financial liabilities
      Derivative liabilities
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                -                       5.67
      Other than derivative liability:
         Unclaimed dividend                                                                       32.57                          35.12
         Employee bonds                                                                           12.10                          16.16
         Expense payable                                                                       1,004.54                         933.22
      Salary Payable                                                                             643.90                         590.34
                                                                                               1,693.10                       1,580.45
      Notes:
      Unclaimed dividend of Rs 4.02L pertaining to FY 2016-17 is transfered to IEPF
                                                                                   As at 31 March 2026             As at 31 March 2025
 20   Other current liabilities
      Advances from customers                                                                  5,939.39                       7,323.46
      Statutory remittances (contributions to provident fund, employee state                     187.05                         188.71
      insurance, professional tax, withholding taxes, goods and service tax
      etc.)
      Security Deposits                                                                           17.65                          17.55
      GST Payable                                                                              1,130.37                            6.51
      Salary Payable                                                                                       -                           -
                                                                                               7,274.46                       7,536.22



146   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 149 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                            (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                 As at 31 March 2026      As at 31 March 2025
 21   Provisions
      Provision for employee benefits
         Compensated Absences                                                                    59.91                    45.29
         Gratuity                                                                                76.75                        -
      Other provisions
         Others
         Provision for warranty                                                                 621.10                   621.69
                                                                                                757.76                   666.98

                                                                                  For the Year Ended       For the Year Ended
                                                                                       31 March 2026            31 March 2025
 22   Revenue from operations
      Sale of products                                                                       44,078.66               46,935.32
      Sale of Services                                                                          564.76                   295.35
      Other Operating Revenues                                                                  461.64                   454.08
                                                                                             45,105.06               47,684.75
      Note :
      Other operating revenue includes export incentive amounting to ₹ 74.65 lakhs (Previous year : ₹ 85.49 Lakhs)
                                                                                  For the Year Ended       For the Year Ended
                                                                                       31 March 2026            31 March 2025
 23   Other income
      Income from Current Investments
      Interest income from Financial Assets                                                      47.69                   105.08
      Dividend income from Equity Instruments designated at FVTOCI                               34.41                    60.94
      Profit on sale of investments measured at FVTPL                                           321.27                   233.29
      Mark to Market investments measured at FVTPL                                             (111.79)                  188.78
      Government Incentive (refer note below)                                                         -                   70.00
      Foreign Exchange Gain                                                                           -                    7.35
      Provisions written back                                                                   370.29                   610.09
      Profit on sale of Property, Plant & Equipment                                              26.62                         -
      Fair value changes in derivative instruments                                               10.64                         -
      Others                                                                                  1,668.10                    22.91
                                                                                              2,367.24                 1,298.45
      Note:
      The Company has received an incentive under "Modified Special Incentive Package" Scheme amounting to ₹ 17.07 crores
      during the year, out of which ₹ 16.37 crores have been adjusted against the carrying value of eligible Property, Plant and
      Equipment and Intangible Assets using Capital Approach and ₹ 0.70 crores are being recognised as income in the Profit
      and Loss Account.
                                                                                 For the Year Ended         For the Year Ended
                                                                                       31 March 2026             31 March 2025
 24   Cost of materials consumed
      Inventory of materials at the beginning of the year                                   17,962.32                 15,672.74
      Add : Purchases during the year                                                        27,561.85               34,341.32
      Inventory of materials at the end of the year                                        (16,528.80)              (17,962.32)
                                                                                             28,995.37               32,051.74
 25   Changes in inventories (WIP & FG)
      Inventories at the beginning of the year                                                11128.95                 8194.42
      Inventories at the end of the year                                                     12087.14                 11128.95
                                                                                              (958.19)               (2,934.52)




                                                                                          43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 147

===== PAGE 150 =====
                                                                                            (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                      For the Year Ended   For the Year Ended
                                                                           31 March 2026        31 March 2025
 26   Employee benefits expenses
      Salaries, wages and incentives                                            7,336.60             6,221.49
      Contribution to provident fund (Refer note 37(1))                          528.29                260.09
                                                                                7,864.89             6,481.57
 27   Finance costs
      Interest expenses                                                         1,059.88               914.04
      Bill discounting & factoring charges                                          9.23               175.47
      Other borrowing costs                                                        70.13                27.80
                                                                                1,139.25              1,117.31
 28   Depreciation and amortisation expenses
      Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (owned assets)              2,506.88             1,838.88
      Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (leased assets)                13.91                13.91
      Depreciation on Right of Use assets                                        270.35                 46.27
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                             1.18               170.53
                                                                                2,792.32             2,069.59
 29   Other expenses
      Rates and taxes                                                              30.19                21.75
      Rent                                                                         14.21               120.63
      Insurance                                                                  106.76                 97.28
      Commission on sales                                                        896.52                742.75
      Power and fuel                                                             408.78                360.12
      Repairs and maintenance
         Building                                                                  27.36                26.37
         Plant & Equipment                                                       122.12                169.92
      Travelling expenses                                                        918.90                769.88
      Packing Charges                                                            400.02                281.36
      Frieght expenses                                                           330.35                265.76
      Research and development expenses                                          552.18                528.29
      Sales Promotion expenses                                                   669.08                174.21
      Legal and Professional charges                                             465.04                378.77
      Payment to Auditor                                                           12.58                12.08
      Contributions towards CSR (Refer note 30)                                    82.59                99.95
      Foreign exchange losses                                                      16.34                     -
      Office Expenses                                                            156.76                173.14
      Factory Expenses                                                           287.25                274.32
      Warranty expenses                                                          230.38                360.13
      Provision for doubtful debts (net)                                         251.38                552.80
      Miscellaneous expenses                                                     862.42                676.24
      Contract Labour Charges                                                   1,317.84             1,033.98
                                                                                8,159.04              7,119.73




148   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 151 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
30     Expenditure in respect of Corporate Social Responsibility :
       The Company has contributed ₹ 69.66 Lakhs (31 March 2025 : ₹ 99.94 Lakhs) towards Corporate Social Responsibility
       (CSR), which is shown in “Other Expenses” [Note No.29 ] to the Notes to Financial Statements.

Sr.                                         Description                                          For the year        For the year
No.                                                                                                    ended               ended
                                                                                               31 March 2026       31 March 2025
 (a) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year                                   82.59                93.03
 (b) Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any [out of surplus of                     4.00                    -
     previous financial years].
 (c) Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or activities of the                             -                    -
     previous financial years (net of set off)
 (d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year                                                        78.59                93.03
 (e) Amount of expenditure incurred during the year                                                     69.66                99.94
 (f)   Shortfall/(Surplus) at the end of the year                                                        8.93               (6.91)
       Less: Amount remained unutilised                                                                     -                    -
 (g) Net Shortfall / (Surplus) at the end of the year                                                       -               (6.91)
 (h) Reason for shortfall (refer note below)                                                                -                    -
 (i)   Nature of CSR activities:                                                                            -                    -
       (i)      Ensuring environmental sustainability, ecological balance, protection                    5.65                91.72
                of flora and fauna, animal welfare, agroforestry, conservation of natural
                resources and maintaining quality of soil, air and water.
       (ii)     Promoting education including special education                                         64.02                 8.22
       (iii)    Eradicating hunger, poverty and malnutrition (promoting health care,                        -                    -
                including preventive health care and sanitation)
 (j)   Details of related party transactions, e.g. contribution to a trust controlled by the                -                    -
       Company in relation to CSR expenditure as per relevant Accounting Standard.
 (k) Whereas provision is made with respect to a liability incurred by entering into a                      -                    -
     contractual obligation, the movements in the provision during the year shall be
     shown separately.
 (l)   Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years                                           -                 6.91
       Note :
       Amount of short fall has been deposited into a saperate bank account as prescribed under act and same has been utilized
       during the current year.
       * Note : Out of surplus from previous year (6.91L), the company decided to set off Rs 4L during the FY 25-26
31     Auditor's Remuneration
       Particulars                                                                               For the Year        For the Year
                                                                                                       Ended               Ended
                                                                                               31 March 2026       31 March 2025
       -        As auditor
                Audit Fees                                                                               5.00                 5.00
                Limited Review                                                                           7.50                 5.00
                Tax Audit Fees                                                                           0.50                 0.50
                Associates audit fees                                                                    0.08                 0.08
       -        In other capacity
                Certification and other services                                                         0.50                 0.50
       Reimbursment expenses                                                                             1.38                 1.00
                                                                                                       14.96                12.08


                                                                                               43rd Annual Report 2025-26    | 149

===== PAGE 152 =====
                                                                                                              (Amount in ` Lakhs)
32    Exceptional Items
      Particulars                                                                                FY 2025-26           FY 2024-25
                                                                                                     ₹lakhs               ₹lakhs
      Profit on sale of investment in Joint Venture                                                                       848.98
      Additional provision for Gratuity as per new labour code                                      (24.12)
      Total                                                                                         (24.12)               848.98
       The Company has sold its investment in Penta Auto Feeding India Limited (Joint venture). Accordingly, Penta Auto Feeding
      India Limited ceased to be a Joint Venture of the Company from the effective date February 06, 2025. The resultant gain of ₹
      8.49 crores has been classified and presented as an exceptional item in accordance with Ind AS 1 “Presentation of Financial
      Statements”.
33    Basic and diluted earnings per share
      Particulars                                                                             For the Year           For the Year
                                                                                                    Ended                  Ended
                                                                                            31 March 2026          31 March 2025
      Nominal value per equity share (in ₹)                                                           5.00                   5.00
      Profit for the year                                                                          (536.59)              3,220.20
      Weighted average number of equity shares (Basic)#                                              349.73               349.73
      Weighted average number of equity shares (Diluted)*                                            349.73               349.73
      Earnings per share - Basic (in ₹)                                                              (1.53)                  9.21
      Earnings per share - Diluted (in ₹)                                                            (1.53)                  9.21
      Notes:
      # Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company by the
      weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.			
      *Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders by the weighted average number
      of equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of equity shares that would be issued on
      conversion of all the dilutive potential equity shares into equity shares.
34    Financial Instruments
34.1 Financial Instruments by category
      The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as on 31 March 2026 are as follows:
      Particulars                                                Amortised         FVTPL            FVTOCI         Total carrying
                                                                   cost                                                value
      Financial Assets
      Investments in equity instruments (non-current)                  33.63                 -         1,673.43          1,707.07
      Investments in debt instruments (non-current)                    26.10                 -                 -           26.10
      Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)                       -       2,258.74                  -         2,258.74
      Trade receivables                                             7,998.99                 -                 -         7,998.99
      Cash and cash equivalents                                       204.03                 -                 -          204.03
      Other balances with banks                                       103.54                 -                 -          103.54
      Loans                                                            83.57                 -                 -           83.57
      Other financial assets                                          874.57              4.97                            879.54
      Total Assets                                                  9,324.43         2,263.71          1,673.43        13,261.57
      Financial Liabilities
      Borrowings                                                   14,108.53                 -                 -       14,108.53
      Trade payables - MSME                                           219.74                 -                 -          219.74
      Trade payables - Other                                        6,276.50                 -                 -         6,276.50
      Other financial liabilities                                   1,693.10                 -                 -         1,693.10
      Total Liabilities                                            22,297.87                 -                 -       22,297.87




150   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 153 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
     The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as on 31 March 2025 are as follows:
     Particulars                                                  Amortised         FVTPL            FVTOCI          Total carrying
                                                                    cost                                                 value
     Financial Assets
     Investments in equity instruments (non-current)                    34.25                  -         2,583.58          2,617.83
     Investments in debt instruments (non-current)                      26.10                  -                 -            26.10
     Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)                         -        5,349.26                  -         5,349.26
     Trade receivables                                               9,091.36                  -                 -         9,091.36
     Cash and cash equivalents                                         241.23                  -                 -           241.23
     Other balances with banks                                         556.14                  -                 -           556.14
     Loans                                                              75.01                  -                 -            75.01
     Other financial assets                                            540.05                  -                 -           540.05
     Total Assets                                                   10,564.15          5,349.26          2,583.58        18,497.00
     Financial Liabilities
     Borrowings                                                     12,578.64                  -                 -       12,578.64
     Trade payables - MSME                                             309.88                                                309.88
     Trade payables - Other                                          7,159.74                  -                 -         7,159.74
     Other financial liabilities                                     1,574.83               5.67                 -         1,580.50
     Total Liabilities                                              21,623.09               5.67                 -       21,628.76

34.2 Fair value hierarchy
     Financial assets and liabilities include cash and cash equivalents, other balances with banks, trade receivables, loans, other
     financial assets, trade payables and other financial liabilities whose fair values approximate their carrying amounts largely
     due to the short term nature of such assets and liabilities.
     Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value in the statement of financial position are grouped into
     three Levels of a fair value hierarchy. The three levels are defined based on the observability of significant inputs to the
     measurement, as follows:
     Level 1: Hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical
     assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date.
     Level 2: Hierarchy includes the fair value of financial instruments measured using quoted prices for identical or similar assets
     in markets that are not active.
     Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
     Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2026.
     Particulars                                                    As at                Fair value measurement as at
                                                                31 March 2026
                                                                                        Level 1           Level 2           Level 3
     Financial Assets
     Investment in equity instruments of Plastiblends                1,673.43          1,673.43                  -                 -
     India Ltd
     Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)                2,258.74          2,258.74                  -                 -
     Investment in other instruments                                    59.73                  -                 -            59.73
     Derivative Assets                                                        -             4.97                 -                 -
     Total of financial assets                                       3,991.91          3,937.14                  -            59.73
     Financial Liabilities
     Derivative liability                                                     -                -                 -                 -
     Total of financial liabilities                                           -                -                 -                 -


                                                                                             43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 151

===== PAGE 154 =====
                                                                                                                    (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2025.
      Particulars                                                   As at                     Fair value measurement as at
                                                                31 March 2025          Level 1            Level 2               Level 3
      Financial assets
      Investment in equity instruments of Plastiblends                  2,583.58          2,583.58                   -                 -
      India Ltd
      Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)                  5,349.26          5,349.26                   -                 -
      Investment in other instruments                                      60.35                   -                 -            60.35
      Derivative Assets                                                         -                  -                 -                 -
      Total of financial assets                                         7,993.20          7,932.84                   -            60.35
      Financial Liabilities
      Derivative liability                                                      -              5.67                  -                 -
      Total of financial liabilities                                            -              5.67                  -                 -
      Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost :
      The management believes that the fair values of non-current financial assets (e.g. loans and others), current financial assets
      (e.g., cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, loans and others excluding other derivative assets) and current financial
      liabilities (e.g. trade payables and other payables excluding derivative liabilities) approximate their carrying amounts.
      the Group has not performed fair valuation of its investment in unquoted equity shares as mentioned in note no. 3 which are
      classified as FVTOCI, as the Group believes that impact of change on account of fair value is insignificant.
34.3 Financial risk management
      The Group's activities exposes it to market risks, credit risks and liquidity risks. In order to minimise any adverse effets on the
      financial performance of the Group , derivative financial instruments such as forward foreign exchange contract are entered
      to hedge the foreign currency risk exposures. Derivatives are used exclusively for hedging purposes and not as a trading or
      speculative purposes.
      The Group has exposure to the following risks arising from financial instruments :
      a.    Credit risk
            Credit risk is the risk of financial losses to the Group if a customer or counterparty to financial instruments fails to
            discharge its contractual obligations. It arises primarily from the Group's receivables from customers. To manage this,
            the Group periodically assesses the key accounts receivable balances. As per Ind-AS 109 : Financial Instruments, the
            Group uses expected credit loss model to assess the impairment loss or gain.
            The carrying amount of trade and other receivables and other financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure.
            i.    Trade receivables
                  The management has established accounts receivable policy under which customer accounts are regularly
                  monitored. the Group has a dedicated sales team which is responsible for collecting dues from the customer
                  within stipulated period. The management reviews status of critical accounts on a regular basis.
                  An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on consolidated basis for similar category of customer.
                  The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of financial assets.
                  The Group evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low, as its customers are
                  located in several jurisdictions and operate in largely independent markets.
                  Trade receivables that were not impaired
                                                                                                             Carrying amount
                   Particulars                                                                         31 March 2026 31 March 2025

                   Less Then 180 days                                                                       4,508.33          5,693.86
                   More than 180 days                                                                       3,490.65          3,397.50
            ii.   Financial instruments and Cash deposits
                  Credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by the Group’s treasury department in
                  accordance with Company’s policy. Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved counterparties and
                  within credit limits assigned to each counterparty. Company monitors rating, credit spreads and financial strength
                  of its counter parties. Based on ongoing assessment Company adjust it's exposure to various counterparties.


152   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 155 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                   (Amount in ` Lakhs)
     b.   Liquidity risk
          Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial
          liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. the Group’s approach to managing liquidity is to
          ensure, as far as possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due, under both normal
          and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation.
          The Group has a view of maintaining liquidity and to take minimum possible risk while making investments. In order
          to maintain liquidity, the Group invests its excess funds in short term liquid assets like liquid mutual funds. the Group
          monitors its cash and bank balances periodically in view of its short term obligations associated with its financial
          liabilities.
          The liquidity position at each reporting date is given below:
           Particulars                                                                               31 March 2026 31 March 2025
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          204.03            241.23
           Other balances with banks                                                                          369.94            813.85
           Investments in Mutual funds and others                                                            2,258.74         5,349.26
           Total                                                                                             2,832.72         6,404.34
          The following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities as on 31 March 2026.

           Particulars                                          Repayable on           Less than         More than                Total
                                                                    demand                1 year            1 year
           Borrowings                                                14,091.64               11.06               5.83        14,108.53
           Trade payables                                                       -        6,275.85             259.81          6,535.66
           Other financial liabilities                                          -        1,693.10                   -         1,693.10
          The following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities as on 31 March 2025.		

           Particulars                                          Repayable on           Less than         More than                Total
                                                                    demand                1 year            1 year
           Borrowings                                                12,016.15             545.60              16.89         12,578.64
           Trade payables                                                       -        7,093.57             376.04          7,469.62
           Other financial liabilities                                          -        1,580.50                   -         1,580.50
c.   Market risk
     Market risk is a risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in
     market prices. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable
     parameters, while optimizing the return. Market risk comprises three types of risk interest rate risk, currency risk and
     other price risk such as equity price risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include borrowings, trade and other
     payables, foreign exchange forward contracts, security deposit, trade and other receivables, deposits with banks.
     i.   Foreign currency risk
          Foreign currency risk is the risk that fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of
          changes in foreign exchange rate. Company transacts business in its functional currency (INR) and in other foreign
          currencies. the Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to the Group’s
          operating activities, where revenue or expense is denominated in a foreign currency. the Group manages its foreign
          currency risk by hedging foreign currency payables using foreign currency forward contracts or foreign currency
          options, principal only swaps etc. the Group negotiates the terms of those foreign currency forward contracts to match
          the terms of the hedged exposure.
          Exposure to Currency Risk
          The foreign currency risk from monetary assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2026 is as foliows:
                                                                                                                     (Amount in Lakhs)
           Particulars                     USD Equivalent ₹             CNH Equivalent ₹             EURO Equivalent ₹          Total ₹
           Trade receivables                1.94         181.35             -                -        0.16          16.95       198.30
           Trade payables                 24.78        2,316.43        20.93          283.81         13.13       1,418.70     4,018.94
           Net assets/(liabilities)      (22.84)      (2,135.08)     (20.93)        (283.81)       (12.97)      (1,401.75) (3,820.64)


                                                                                                 43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 153

===== PAGE 156 =====
                                                                                                                    (Amount in ` Lakhs)
            The foreign currency risk from monetary assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2025 is as foliows:
            Particulars                      USD Equivalent ₹           CNH Equivalent ₹              EURO Equivalent ₹           Total ₹
            Trade receivables               10.60         905.93            -               -          0.02             2.31      908.24
            Trade payables                  16.24       1,387.00        0.03            0.41           0.89          82.26       1,469.66
            Net assets/(liabilities)       (5.63)       (481.07)       (0.03)          (0.41)         (0.86)        (79.95)      (561.42)

            Details of foreign currency exposures that are hedged by derivative instruments or otherwise:
            Particulars                                                             Currency            Amount in              Equivalent
                                                                                                  foreign currency                   INR
            As at 31 March 2026                                                          USD                     0.00                0.00
            As at 31 March 2025                                                          USD                     2.42             201.33

            Foreign currency sensitivity on unhedged exposure
            Financial Year                                             Foreign        Change               Effect on       Effect on
                                                                      currency      in foreign          profit before pre-tax equity
                                                                               currency rates                     tax
            For 31 March 2026                                              USD            +5%                 -106.75        -106.75
                                                                                                -5%            106.75             106.75
                                                                           EUR                  +5%            -70.09              -70.09
                                                                                                -5%             70.09               70.09
                                                                           CNH                  +5%            -14.19              -14.19
                                                                                                -5%             14.19               14.19
            For 31 March 2025                                              USD                  +5%            -13.99              -13.99
                                                                                                -5%             13.99               13.99
                                                                           EUR                  +5%             -4.00               -4.00
                                                                                                -5%              4.00                4.00
                                                                           CNH                  +5%             -0.02               -0.02
                                                                                                -5%              0.02                0.02
      ii.   Interest rate risk							
            Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of
            changes in market interest rates. At the reporting date the interest rate profile of the Group's interest bearing financial
            instruments are follows:
            Particulars                                                                      31 March 2026               31 March 2025
            Fixed rate instruments
            Borrowings                                                                                 14,108.53                12,578.64
            Interest rate sensitivity on variable rate instruments
            Particulars                                                                      31 March 2026               31 March 2025
            Impact on profit before tax or equity
            Increase by 50 basis points                                                                    -70.54                  -62.89
            Decrease by 50 basis points                                                                     70.54                   62.89
35    Capital management										
      For the purpose of the Group’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital and all other equity reserves
      attributable to the equity holders of the Group. The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to ensure that it
      maintains a strong credit rating and healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholder value.
      the Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the
      requirements of the financial covenants. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend
      payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares.
      No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 March 2026
      and 31 March 2025.



154   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 157 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                            (Amount in ` Lakhs)
     Particulars                                                                                 As at                 As at
                                                                                         31 March 2026         31 March 2025
     Total Shareholder's Equity as reported in Balance Sheet                                      44,148               46,238
     Net Debt:
         Short-term debt                                                                          14,103               12,562
         Long-term debt (including current portion of long-term debt)                               5.83                16.89
     Gross Debt:                                                                                  14,109               12,579
         Less: Cash and Bank Balances                                                                308                  797
     Net Debt / (Net Cash and Bank balances)                                                      13,801               11,781
36   Disclosure as per the requirement of section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006:
     Details of amounts outstanding to Micro and Small Enterprises as defined under the MSMED Act, 2006:
     There are no material dues owed by the Group to Micro and Small enterprises, which are outstanding for more than 45 days
     during the year and as at March 31, 2026. This information as required under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
     Development Act, 2006 has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information
     available with the Group.

     Particulars                                                                                 As at                 As at
                                                                                         31 March 2026         31 March 2025
     The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any
     supplier at the end of each accounting year
     - Principal amount remaining unpaid                                                          219.74               309.88
     - Interest accrued and remaining unpaid as at year end                                             -                    -
     The amount of interest paid by the buyer under MSMED Act, 2006 along with                          -                    -
     the amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day
     during each accounting year
     The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making                           -                    -
     payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year)
     but without adding the interest specified under the MSMED Act, 2006
     The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of accounting                       -                    -
     year
     The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the                               -                    -
     succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually
     paid to the small enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible
     expenditure under Section 23 of the MSMED Act, 2006

37   Details of employee benefits as required by Ind-AS 19 - "Employee benefits are as under":
     1     Defined contribution plan - Provident fund and other fund
           The Company makes contribution towards employees’ provident fund and employees’ state insurance plan scheme.
           Under the schemes, the Company is required to contribute a specified percentage of payroll cost, as specified in the
           rules of the schemes, to these defined contribution schemes.
           The company has done contribution in Superannuation Scheme and National Pension Scheme. The company has
           no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as employee
           benefit expenses when they are due.
           An amount of Rs 528.29 lakhs (31st March 2025: 260.09 lakhs) is recognised as an expense and included in "Employee
           Benefit Expense" in the Statement of Profit and Loss Account.
           Note:
           The above amount includes the share of employer only.			                      "




                                                                                         43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 155

===== PAGE 158 =====
                                                                                                                   (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      2     Defined benefit plan
            (i)      The defined benefit plan comprises gratuity, which is funded.
            (ii)     The Group has a defined benefit gratuity plan The gratuity scheme of a company is covered under a group
                     gratuity cum life assurance cash accumulation policy offered by LIC of India
                     Actuarial gains and losses in respect of defined benefit plans are recognized in the Other Comprehensive Income
                     (OCI).
                     The Group provides for gratuity for employees in India as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Gratuity is a
                     benefit to an employee in India based on 15 days last drawn salary for each completed year of service with a
                     vesting period of five years.
                     These defined benefit plans expose the Group to actuarial risks, such as longevity risk and interest rate risk.
      (A)   Defined Benefit Plans
      (a)   The amounts recognized in Balance Sheet are as follows:
                     Particulars                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                                31 March 2026          31 March 2025
             (i)     Amount to be recognized in Balance Sheet
                     Present value of defined benefit obligation                                       1,196.89              1,026.10
                     Less: Fair value of plan assets                                                  (1,120.14)            (1,087.09)
                     Amount to be recognized as Liability or (Asset)                                      76.75                (60.99)
             (ii)    Amount to be reflected in Balance Sheet
                     Liabilities                                                                               -                       -
                     Assets                                                                               76.75                (60.99)
                     Net Liability/(Asset)                                                                76.75                (60.99)

      (b)   The amounts recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss are as follows:
                     Particulars                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                                31 March 2026          31 March 2025
             (i)     Employee Benefits Expense
                     Current service cost                                                                103.88                 82.25
                     Past service cost                                                                   233.15                        -
             (ii)    Acquisition (Gain)/ Loss                                                                  -                       -
             (iii)   Finance cost                                                                              -
                     Net Interest (Income)/Expense                                                          5.75                (6.18)
                     Actuarial losses/(gains)                                                                  -
                     Curtailment (gain)/ loss                                                                  -
                     Settlement (gain)/loss                                                                    -
                     Transfer in / (out)
                     Net periodic benefit cost recognized in the Statement of Profit                     342.77                 76.07
                     and Loss
      (c)   The amounts recognized in the Statement of Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
                     Particulars                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                                31 March 2026          31 March 2025
             (i)     Re-measurements for the year-obligation (Gain)/Loss                               (176.93)                (13.26)
             (ii)    Re-measurements for the year-plan asset (Gain)/Loss                                  (7.44)                (1.50)
                     Closing balances [re-measurements (Gain)/Loss recognized                          (184.37)                (14.76)
                     in OCI]




156   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 159 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
    (d)   The changes in the present value of defined benefit obligation representing reconciliation of opening and closing
          balances thereof are as follows:
                  Particulars                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                             31 March 2026          31 March 2025
          (i)     Present value of obligation as at the beginning of the year                     1,026.10                 975.04
          (ii)    Acquisition adjustment                                                                    -                      -
          (iii)   Transfer in / (out)                                                                       -                      -
          (iv)    Interest cost                                                                        79.41                  70.40
          (v)     Past service cost                                                                   233.15                       -
          (vi)    Current service cost                                                                103.88                  82.25
          (vii) Curtailment cost / (credit)                                                                 -                      -
          (viii) Settlement cost/ (credit)                                                                  -                      -
          (ix)    Benefits paid                                                                       (68.71)               (88.33)
          (x)     Re-measurements on obligation - (Gain) / Loss                                     (176.93)                (13.26)
                  Present value of obligation as at the end of the year                             1,196.89               1,026.10
    (e)   Changes in the fair value of plan assets representing reconciliation of the opening and closing balances thereof are as
          follows:
                  Particulars                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                             31 March 2026          31 March 2025
          (i)     Fair value of the plan assets as at beginning of the year                       1,087.09               1,060.63
          (ii)    Acquisition adjustments                                                                   -                      -
          (iii)   Transfer in/(out)                                                                         -                      -
          (iv)    Interest income                                                                      73.67                  76.58
          (v)     Contributions                                                                        20.66                  36.72
          (vi)    Mortality charges and taxes                                                               -                      -
          (vii) Benefits paid                                                                         (68.71)               (88.33)
          (viii) Amount paid on settlement                                                                  -                      -
          (ix)    Return on plan assets, excluding amount recognized in Interest                         7.44                  1.50
                  Income - Gain / (Loss)
                  Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year                                  1,120.14               1,087.09
    (f)   Net interest (income) /expenses
                  Particulars                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                             31 March 2026          31 March 2025
          (i)     Interest ( income) / expense – obligation                                            79.41                  70.40
          (ii)    Interest (income) / expense – plan assets                                           (73.67)               (76.58)
                  Net interest (Income) / Expense for the year                                           5.75                 (6.18)

          Basis used to determine the overall expected return:
          The net interest approach effectively assumes an expected rate of return on plan assets equal to the beginning of the
          year discount rate. Expected return of 7.22 % has been used for the valuation purpose.
    (g)   Principal actuarial assumptions at the balance sheet date (expressed as weighted averages)

          Particulars                                                                                As at                   As at
                                                                                             31 March 2026          31 March 2025
          (i)     Discount rate                                                                        7.36%                 6.79%
          (iii)   Salary growth rate *                                                                 7.00%                 8.00%
          (ii)    Expected return on plan assets                                                       7.36%                 6.79%
          The estimates of future salary increase considered in actuarial valuation take into account inflation, seniority, promotion
          and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.



                                                                                             43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 157

===== PAGE 160 =====
                                                                                                                     (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      (i)    General descriptions of defined benefit plans:
             The Company operates gratuity plan wherein every employee is entitled to the benefit equivalent to fifteen days salary
             last drawn for each completed year of service. The same is payable on termination of service or retirement, whichever
             is earlier. The benefit vests after five years of continuous service.
      (j)    Sensitivity Analysis
             Reasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other
             assumptions constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation by the amounts shown below.
             Projected benefit obligation on current                        FY 2025-26                           FY 2024-25
             assumptions                                             Defined benefit obligation          Defined benefit obligation
                                                                     Decrease       Increase             Decrease        Increase
             Discount rate (1 % movement)                                   92.55          (80.33)              83.41           (72.51)
             Future salary growth (1 % movement)                          (73.92)              83.06           (68.64)              75.84
             Attrition rate (1 % movement)                                   1.37               1.01             7.87               (7.18)

             Maturity profile of defined benefit plan
             Projected benefits payable in future years from the date of
                                                                                                       FY 2025-26           FY 2024-25
             reporting
             1st Following year                                                                            170.50                   90.51
             2nd Following year                                                                            114.35                   93.22
             3rd Following year                                                                            105.44                130.13
             4th Following year                                                                             91.29                   76.60
             5th Following year                                                                             82.04                   79.06
             Sum of years 6 to 10                                                                          503.72                362.53
             Sum of years 11 and above                                                                   1,329.67              1,125.66
38    Segment information
      The following is analysis of the revenue and results from continuing operations by reportable segments.
      Sr     Particulars                                                                                    Year ended
      No                                                                                         March 31, 2026          March 31, 2025
      (i)    Segment Revenue
                 Extrusion Machinery Division                                                           31,488.99             36,285.02
                 Battery Division                                                                       13,610.84             12,698.12
             Total Segment Results                                                                      45,099.83             48,983.14

      (ii)   Segment Results
                 Extrusion Machinery Division                                                            5,074.79              7,013.87

                 Battery Division                                                                       (4,334.64)            (2,553.28)

             Total Segment Results                                                                         740.16              4,460.58

             Unallocated Corporate income net of unallocated expenses                                    (354.20)              (265.49)

             Profit / (loss) before interest and taxation                                                  385.96              4,195.09

             Finance Cost                                                                                1,139.25              1,117.31

             Profit (+)/loss (-) before exceptional items and share of loss                              (753.30)              3,077.78

             Share in profit/(loss) of joint ventures / associates                                          (0.62)                  54.46

             Profit(+)/LossH before exceptional items and tax                                            (753.93)              3,132.25

             Exceptional items                                                                             (24.12)               848.98

             Profit(+)/ Loss( -) before tax                                                              (778.04)              3,981.23


158   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 161 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                              (Amount in ` Lakhs)
     Sr       Particulars                                                                            Year ended
     No                                                                                   March 31, 2026         March 31, 2025

              Tax Expenses
              Current Tax                                                                              0.00             1075.00

              MAT Credit Entitelment                                                                   0.00                 0.00

              (Excess)/Short provision for taxation in respect of earlier year                         0.00                 0.00

              Deffered Tax                                                                        (241.45)              (313.99)
              Net Profit/ (loss) after tax                                                        (536.59)             3,220.21
              Other Comprehensive Income                                                          (679.00)              (665.18)
              Net Comprehensive Income                                                          (1,215.59)             2,555.03
     (iii)    Segment Assets
              Extrusion Machinery Division                                                      36,338.05             36,311.38
              Battery Division                                                                  36,369.06             37,612.32
              Total Segment Assets                                                              72,707.11             73,923.69
              Unallocated Corporate Assets                                                       4,007.48              4,785.27
              Total Assets                                                                      76,714.59             78,708.96
     (iv)     Segment Liabilities
              Extrusion Machinery Division                                                      12,107.34             13,621.14
              Battery Division                                                                   5,324.80              5,133.66
              Total Segment Liabilities                                                         17,432.14             18,754.80
              Unallocated Corporate Liabilities                                                 59,282.43             59,954.16
              Total Liabilities                                                                 76,714.57             78,708.96
     Revenue from external customers
      Sr Particulars                                                                                 Year ended
      No
                                                                                         March 31, 2026        March 31, 2025
          1   India                                                                             39,204.52             40,930.72
          2   Outside India                                                                      5,751.82              6,596.38

     Segment revenue with major customers
     The Company has One customers during the year ended 31 March 2026 ( Previous year Two customer) accounting for more
     than 10% of its revenue from operations. During the year 19.11% (Previous year: 26.94%) of the Company’s revenue from
     operation was generated from these customers.
     Note :
     Group operates in two business segments i) Extrusion ii ) Battery.
39   Related party disclosures
     A.       Names of the related party and nature of relationship where control exists:
              Name of the Related Party                                           Nature of relationship
              (A)     Varos Technology Private Limited                            Subsidiary Company
              (B)     Kabra Energy Private Limited                                Subsidiary Company
              (C)     Penta Auto Feeding India Ltd., (date of cessation Feb-25)   Joint Venture Company
              (D)     Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Private Limited               Joint Venture Company



                                                                                           43rd Annual Report 2025-26      | 159

===== PAGE 162 =====
                                                                                                              (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      B.   List of other related parties
           (i)   Key Management Personnel (KMPs)

                   Sr. No. Name of Related Parties                                  Designation
                     1     Anand Shreevallabh Kabra                                 Chairman & Managing Director
                     2     Ekta Anand Kabra                                         Vice Chairperson & MD
                     3     Shreevallabh G. Kabra (date of cessation 15/09/2025)     Executive Chairman
                     4     Boman Moradian                                           Independent Director
                     5     Chitra Andrade                                           Independent Director
                     6     Utpal Sheth                                              Independent Director
                     7     Munjal Kapadia                                           Independent Director
                     8     Daulat Jain (date of cessation 27/04/2026)               Chief Financial Officer
                     9     Uttam Singh (Period from 13/05/2026 to 19/06/2026)       Interim Chief Financial Officer
                     10    Shilpa Rathi                                             Company Secretary

           (ii)    Sr. No. Entities with whom there are transactions in the current year
                     1     Plastiblends India Ltd
                     2     Kolsite Corporation LLP                        Promoter Companies/Enterprises
                     3     Maharashtra Plastic & Industries

           (iii)   Sr. No. Entities with whom there are no transactions in the current year
                     1     Smartech Global Solution Ltd
                     2     Kabra Gloucester Engg Ltd
                     3     Taiyou Green Solutions Pvt Ltd                 Other Entities
                     4     VTRO Motors Private Limited
                     5     Kolsite Industries
      C.   Transactions with related parties During the year

            Type of          Name of The Party                Transaction Type                       As at                As at
            Relation                                                                         31 March 2026        31 March 2025
            Joint Venture Kabra Mecanor Belling Purchase of goods & Services                                  -                -
                          Technik Pvt.Ltd.
                                                Reimbursement Income                                     1.07               1.95
                                                     Rent Income                                         2.40               2.40
                                                     Sales of goods & Services                                -                -
                            Penta Auto Feeding       Purchase of goods & Services                             -                -
                            India Limited
                                                     Reimbursement Income                                     -          158.86
                                                     Rent Income                                              -             3.00
                                                     Sales of goods & Services                                -                -
            Promoter        Kolsite Corporation      Purchase of goods & Services                             -                -
            Companies/      LLP
            Enterprise                               Reimbursement Expenses                              2.24               2.19
                                                     Dividend Paid                                            -          134.01
                                                     Rent Expense                                       59.73             52.74
                                                     Sales of goods & Services                                -                -
                            Maharastra Plastics      Purchase of goods & Services                             -             0.05
                            & Ind.
                                                     Reimbursement Expense                                    -                -
                                                     Reimbursement Income                                     -                -
                                                     Rent Income                                         2.01               1.80
                                                     Sales of goods & Services                          26.10              32.11


160   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 163 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                 (Amount in ` Lakhs)

          Type of             Name of The Party            Transaction Type                 As at            As at
          Relation                                                                  31 March 2026    31 March 2025
                          Plastiblends India      Purchase of goods & Services                8.43              12.58
                          Limited                 Reimbursement Expense                     16.68                   -
                                                  Reimbursement Income                        0.36              15.84
                                                  Rent Expense                              14.86               13.53
                                                  Dividend Paid                                  -              28.96
                                                  Dividend Received                         34.41               60.94
                                                  Rent Income                                 3.03               3.94
                                                  Sales of goods & Services                122.62              114.40
          Other Entities Kabra Gloucester         Investment in CCD                              -                  -
                         Engineering Limited      Sales of goods & Services                      -                  -
                          Smartech Globle         Purchase of goods & Services                   -                  -
                          Solution                Sales of goods & Services                      -                  -
                          Vtro Motors Private     Purchase of goods & Services                   -                  -
                          Limited                 Sales of goods & Services                      -                  -

    D.   Balance Outstanding at end of financial year :
         (i)     Debit Balance Outstanding

                    Type of Relation     Name of The Party		                                As at            As at
                                                                                    31 March 2026    31 March 2025
                 Subsidiary              Kabra Energy Private Limited                         0.34                  -
                                         Varos Technology Private Limited                   41.40               55.89
                 Joint Venture           Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt.Ltd.             40.92               37.04
                                         Penta Auto Feeding India Limited                     0.56               1.10
                 Promoter Companies/     Maharastra Plastics & Ind.                           2.72               2.40
                 Enterprise
                                         Plastiblends India Limited                         10.82               13.83
         (ii)    Credit Balance Outstanding

                    Type of Relation     Name of The Party		                                As at            As at
                                                                                    31 March 2026    31 March 2025
                 Subsidiary              Varos Technology Private Limited                     0.10                  -
                 Joint Venture           Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt.Ltd.               1.47               1.47
                 Promoter Companies/     Kolsite Corporation LLP                              0.07               0.07
                 Enterprise
                                         Plastiblends India Limited                           4.38               1.59
                 Other Entities          Smartech Globle Solution                             0.11               0.11
                                         Vtro Motors Private Limited                             -             149.70
         (iii)   Investments

                    Type of Relation     Name of The Party		                                As at            As at
                                                                                    31 March 2026    31 March 2025
                 Joint Venture           Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt.Ltd.             69.98               69.98
                                         Penta Auto Feeding India Limited                        -                  -
                 Promoter Companies/      Plastiblends India Limited                      1,673.43         2,583.58
                 Enterprise




                                                                                  43rd Annual Report 2025-26    | 161

===== PAGE 164 =====
                                                                                                               (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      E.   Compensation to key management personnel :
              Particulars                                                                             As at                 As at
                                                                                              31 March 2026         31 March 2025
               (a) Remuneration
               (i)    Short term employee benefits (including Commission)                              379.39              653.07
               (ii)   Post employment benefits                                                                 -                 -
              (iii) Other long-term benefits                                                                   -                 -
              (b) Others
               (i)    Dividend paid                                                                    240.79              429.54
               (ii)   Sitting fees                                                                      20.70               14.70
              (iii) Professional Fees                                                                          -                 -
              (iv) Commission                                                                                  -                 -
           Note:
           As the post-employment benefits is provided on an actuarial basis for the Group as a whole, the amount pertaining to
           key management personnel is not ascertainable and therefore not included above.
40    Lease transactions
      Company as Lessee The Company has taken office buildings & warehouses on lease for a tenure of 3 to 5 years. The
      Company’s obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets. Generally, the Company
      is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets. There are no variable lease payments and residual value
      guarantees for these leases. The leases are renewable on mutually agreeable terms.
      The Company applied Ind AS 116 for the lease property and the impact is given in financial is as follows :-
      The Company applied the following method for Ind AS 116.
      1.   Applied the exemption not to recognize Right-of-use assets and liabilities for leases with less than 12 months of lease
           term.
      2.   While determining the lease term option to extend or terminate the lease has been considered.
      Carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the year :
      Particulars                                                                                   As at                   As at
                                                                                            31 March 2026           31 March 2025
      At the begning of the year                                                                    243.08                       -
      Additions                                                                                     409.78                 267.81
      Accretion of Interest                                                                           44.65                  9.42
      Payment made                                                                                 (300.82)                (34.15)
      Total                                                                                         153.61                 243.08
      Current Portion                                                                               257.23                  87.34
      Non current Portion                                                                           139.46                 155.74
      Total                                                                                         396.69                 243.08
      Details of Amounts recognised in statement of Profit and Loss:
      Particulars                                                                                   As at                   As at
                                                                                            31 March 2026           31 March 2025
      Depreciation expenses of right of use assets                                                  270.35                  46.27
      Interest Expenses on lease liabilities                                                          44.65                  9.42
      Expense relating to Short term lease                                                                 -                     -
      Expense relating to lease of low-value assets (included in other expenses-rent)                      -                     -
      Total                                                                                         314.99                  55.69




162   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 165 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
     Contractual Cash flow Lease liabilities as at:

     Particulars                                                                                     As at                 As at
                                                                                             31 March 2026         31 March 2025
     Not later than One Year                                                                          257.23                105.01
     Later than One year and not later than five Year                                                 139.46                166.74
     Later Than Five Year                                                                                   -                      -
     Total                                                                                            396.69                271.76

41   Contingent liablities and commitments							
     a)   Contingent liabilities not provided for :
             Sr. No. Particulars                                                           31 March 2025         31 March 2025
                                                                                              ₹ lakhs               ₹ lakhs
               1     Bank Guarantee and Counter guarantees (Letter of Credit)                       2,188.87              1,132.97
                     given by the Group for the guarantees issued by the Group's
                     bankers
               2     Bill Discounting                                                                       -                      -
               3     Disputed Income tax demand *                                                     127.76                127.76
               4     Service tax and Excise matters under dispute                                      12.11                  12.11
               5     Goods and service tax matters under dispute                                      174.96                   9.24
               6     Custom Duty matter under dispute                                                    1.43                  1.43

     b)   Capital and Other Commitment:

             Particulars                                                                   31 March 2025         31 March 2025
                                                                                              ₹ lakhs               ₹ lakhs
             Capital Commitment
             Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital                      3,177.38                143.42
             account and not provided for (net of advances)
             Other Commitment                                                                               -                      -
          * Note :
          These matters are pending before various appellate authorities and the Management, including its tax advisors, expect
          that its position will likely be upheld on ultimate resolution and will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
          financial position and results of operations.
42   Income taxes
     The income tax expense consists of following:

     Particulars                                                                             FY 2025-26            FY 2024-25
     Tax expense
     Current tax                                                                                            -              1075.00
     Income Tax of Earlier Years                                                                            -                      -
     Deferred tax (benefit) / charge                                                                (241.45)               (313.99)
     Total tax expense                                                                              (241.45)                761.01
     Other comprehensive income
     Income tax on items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                              (31.45)                 62.57
     Income tax expense reported in the statement of other comprehensive                              (31.45)                 62.57
     income
     The deferred tax relates to origination/reversal of temporary differences.


                                                                                             43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 163

===== PAGE 166 =====
                                                                                                           (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      The reconciliation of estimated income tax expense at Indian statutory income tax rate to income tax expense reported in
      Statement of Profit or Loss is as follows:
      Particulars                                                                       FY 2025-26            FY 2024-25

      Profit before tax                                                                         (778.04)            3,926.76
      Indian statutory income tax rate                                                          25.17%                25.17%
      Expected tax expense                                                                             -              994.87
      Tax Effect of adjustments to reconcile expected income tax expense to
      reported income tax expense
      Expenses not deductible in determining taxable profits                                                          685.99
      Allowances / Deductible                                                                                        (716.05)
      Tax related to Income from capital gain                                                                          58.71
      Income Tax of earlier Year                                                                       -                    -
      Tax rate difference on book profit as per Minimum Alternative Tax                         (241.45)             (313.99)
      Deferred Tax expenses accounted as no effect of Timing differences on MAT                        -               51.48
      liability
      Others (net) -                                                                            (241.45)              761.01
      Total tax expense                                                                                -              797.20

      Deferred Tax
      Item wise movement in deferred tax expense recognised in profit or loss / OCI
      Particulars                                                                       FY 2025-26            FY 2024-25

      Provision for doubtful debts and advances                                                  (63.27)             (137.99)
      Provision for leave encashment                                                             (14.63)               (0.44)
      Provision for gratuity                                                                      (0.17)               (4.18)
      Provision for bonus                                                                         (1.09)               (2.41)
      Excess of depreciation/amortisation on fixed assets under income-tax                       (36.36)             (129.09)
      Fair valuation of non-current investments                                                  (51.51)              (52.62)
      Fair valuation of current investments                                                      (42.98)              (49.83)
      Total expenses                                                                            (210.00)             (376.56)
      Recognised in Profit or Loss                                                              (241.45)             (313.99)
      Recognised in Other Comprehensive Income                                                    31.45               (62.57)
      Total expenses                                                                            (210.00)             (376.56)
      The gross movement in the deferred tax for the year ended 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024 is as follows:
      Particulars                                                                       FY 2025-26            FY 2024-25

      Net deferred income tax assets / (laibilities) at the beginning                           (772.01)           (1,148.57)
      Credits / (charge) relating to temporary differences                                       209.99               376.56
      MAT Credit utlised                                                                               -                    -
      Net deferred income tax assets / (liabilities) at the end                                 (562.02)             (772.01)




164   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 167 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


43      Following Ratios to be disclosed		

         S Ratio                       Numerator           Denominator              As at 31       As at 31       Variance             Reason
         No                                                                        March 2026     March 2025         %
         (a) Current Ratio           Current Assets        Current Liabilty           1.55            1.67         -7.04%
             (X)
         (b) Debt-Equity                Total Debt          Total Equity              0.32            0.27         17.47%
             Ratio (X)
         (c) Debt Service                Earning            Debt Service             13.52           10.12         33.63%        Due to generate
             Coverage Ratio            available for                                                                             lower net operating
             (X)                       debt service                                                                              income
         (d) Return on Equity         Proft After Tax        Average                 -1.19%          7.04%        -116.87%       Due to generate
             Ratio (%)                                      Shareholder                                                          negative profit
                                                               fund                                                              after tax
         (e) Inventory                    Sales                Average                1.55            1.78        -13.08%
             turnover ratio (X)                               Inventory
         (f)   Trade                      Sales            Average Trade              5.22            4.97          5.12%
               Receivables                                  Receivable
               turnover ratio (X)
         (g) Trade payables             Purchase           Average Trade              3.95            4.41        -10.50%
             turnover ratio (X)                               Payable
         (h) Net capital                  Sales           Working Capital             2.66            2.36         12.77%
             turnover ratio (X)
         (i)   Net profit ratio       Proft After Tax        Net Sales               -1.20%          6.82%        -117.62%       Due to generate
               (%)                                                                                                               negative profit
                                                                                                                                 after tax
         (j)   Return on             Earning before           Capital                0.61%           8.67%        -92.91%        Due to generate
               Capital                interest and           Employed                                                            negative profit
               employed (%)               taxes                                                                                  after tax

44      Distribution made and proposed
        The Board of Directors has recommended payment of Dividend of ₹ 0.00 per fully paid Equity Shares (31 March 2025:
        ₹ 2.50 ).This proposed dividend is subject to the approval of Shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
        This dividend is not recognized in the books of account at the end of the reporting period.
45      Additional information as required under schedule III of the Act,of enterprises consolidated as subsidary company;
        For the year ended 31 March 2026
Particulars                          share in net assets i.e.     Share in Profit or Loss          Share in other                Share in total
                                    total assets minus total                                    comprehensive income         comprehensive income
                                             liablities
                                       As % of         Amount       As % of          Amount        As % of      Amount          As % of      Amount
                                     consolidated                 consolidated                   consolidated                 consolidated
                                      net assets                  profit or loss                    other                         total
                                                                                                comprehensive                comprehensive
                                                                                                   income                       income
Parent;

Kabra Extrusiontechnik                  101.58% 44,845.04               45.64%       (244.91)       100.00%      (679.00)          76.00%    (923.91)
Limited

Subsidary incorporated in
india;

Varos Technology Private                 (1.58%)       (696.08)         54.32%       (291.49)          0.00%             -         23.98%    (291.49)
Limited

Kabra Energy Private Limited               0.00%         (0.70)          0.04%         (0.19)          0.00%             -          0.03%       (0.19)

Total                                   100.00% 44,148.25              100.00%       (536.59)       100.00%      (679.00)        100.00% (1,215.59)




                                                                                                             43rd Annual Report 2025-26        | 165

===== PAGE 168 =====
        For the year ended 31 March 2025

Particulars                       share in net assets i.e.   Share in Profit or Loss        Share in other                Share in total
                                 total assets minus total                                comprehensive income         comprehensive income
                                         liablities

                                   As % of       Amount        As % of        Amount        As % of      Amount          As % of      Amount
                                 consolidated                consolidated                 consolidated                 consolidated
                                  net assets                 profit or loss                  other                         total
                                                                                         comprehensive                comprehensive
                                                                                            income                       income

Parent;

Kabra ExtrusionTechnik               101.45% 46,908.24            106.88%     3,441.67       100.00%     (665.18)         108.67%     2,776.49
Limited

Subsidary incorporated in
india;

Varos Technology Private              (1.45%)     (669.57)         (6.87%)    (221.24)          0.00%             -        (8.66%)    (221.24)
Limited

Kolsite Energy Private Limited          0.00%       (0.51)          (0.01%      (0.21)          0.00%             -        (0.01%)      (0.21)

Total                                100.00% 46,238.15            100.00%     3,220.21       100.00%     (665.18)         100.00%     2,555.03

46      Other Statutory Information
        a)    Loans and Advances in the nature of Loan to Related Parties:
              The Company has not granted any Loans or Advances in the nature of loans to promoters, directors, KMPs and the
              related parties (as defined under Companies Act, 2013), either severally or jointly with any other person as on 31
              March 2025.
        b)    Relationship with Struck off Companies:
              As per our knowledge, the Company do not have any transactions with struck off companies.
        c)    Registration of charges or satisfaction with Registrar of Companies:
              The Company has no charges or satisfaction yet to be registered with Registrar of Companies beyond the statutory
              period.
        d)    Compliance with number of layers of companies:
              The Company complies with the number of layers prescribed under Clause 87 of Section 2 of the Act, read with the
              Companies (Restriction on number of layers) Rules, 2017.
        (e)   Compliance with approved Scheme (s) of Arrangements Accounted as per Scheme & Ind AS
              Neither the Company has approached to nor any Competent Authority has approved any scheme of arrangements so
              as to account for in the books of account of the Company, in order to disclose any deviation in that regard.
        (f)   Loans, Guarantee, Security given by Company to Intermediary and it is giving to others on behalf of Company:
              The Company has neither advanced nor loaned or invested funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any
              other sources or kind of funds) to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries).
        (g)   Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency:
              The Company has neither traded nor invested in Crypto currency or Virtual currency during the financial year.
        (h)   Benami Property:
              The Company does not have any Benami property, and hence no proceeding has been initiated or pending against
              the Company for holding any Benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and
              Rules made thereunder.




166     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 169 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


     (i)   Undisclosed Income:
           There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the current or previous year in the tax assessments
           under the Income Tax Act, 1961, that has not been recorded in the books of account.
     (j)   Revaluation
           The company has not revalued its property, plant & equipment during the year.
     (k)   The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender or government
           or any government authority.
47   Previous year's figures have been regrouped wherever considered necessary to make them comparable with those of the
     current year.


As per our report of even date attached                        For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                                       A. S. Kabra                                   E. A. Kabra
Chartered Accountants                                          Chairman & MD                                 Vice Chairperson & MD
Firm Registration Number:105215W                               (DIN: 00016010)                               (DIN: 07088898)
CA. Akshay Purandare                                           Uttam Singh                                   Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                                        Interim Chief Financial Officer               Company Secretary
Membership No. 141984
Place : Mumbai                                                                                               Place : Mumbai
Date: 28 May 2026                                                                                            Date: 28 May 2026




                                                                                            43rd Annual Report 2025-26       | 167

===== PAGE 170 =====
