===== PAGE 1 =====
       KET/SEC/SE/2025-26/12                                                     June 24, 2025
       BSE Limited                                                 National Stock Exchange India Ltd.
       Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower,                         Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,
       Dalal Street,                                               Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
       Mumbai – 400 001                                            Mumbai-400051
       Scrip Code: 524109                                          Stock Code: KABRAEXTRU

       Sub: Notice of the 42nd Annual General Meeting to be held on July 16, 2025 and Annual
       Report for FY 2024-25

       Dear Sirs/ Madam,

       With reference to our letter dated June 20, 2025 with respect to Intimation of Annual General
       Meeting, Book Closure, Dividend, E-voting and Pre-dispatch Notice of AGM. Further, we now
       enclose herewith Annual Report for the Financial Year 2024-25 along with the notice of the 42nd
       Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company scheduled on Wednesday, July 16, 2025 at 04:00
       p.m. through Video Conferencing (VC) / Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM) pursuant to
       Regulation 30 and 34(1) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
       2015. The said documents are uploaded on the website of the Company at www.kolsite.com

       The cut-off date has been fixed as Wednesday, July 09, 2025 for determining the eligibility of the
       members to vote by remote e-voting or by e-voting at the AGM.

       Kindly take the above submission on your record.

       Thanking you,

       Yours faithfully,

       For Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
       SHILPA                 Digitally signed by
                              SHILPA ASHUTOSH RATHI
       ASHUTOSH               Date: 2025.06.24 20:13:49
       RATHI                  +05'30'

       Shilpa Rathi
       Company Secretary
       Encl: As above




www.kolsite.com                                                                            A Kolsite Group Company

Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
Fortune Terraces, B wing, 10th Floor, Link Road, Opp. Citi Mall,

Andheri (West), Mumbai - 400 053. Maharashtra, India.

Phone : +91-022-6735 3333  Email : sales@kolsitegroup.com

CIN - L28900MH1982PLC028535

===== PAGE 2 =====

===== PAGE 3 =====
                                    CORPORATE INFORMATION
BOARD OF DIRECTORS                           REGISTERED OFFICE
Mr. Shreevallabh G. Kabra                    1001 Fortune Terraces, B Wing,
Executive Chairman                           New Link Road, Opp. Citi Mall,
                                             Andheri (West), Mumbai - 400053
Mr. Anand S. Kabra                           Tel.: +91 22 2673 4822-24
Vice-Chairman & Managing Director            Fax.: +91 22 2673 5041
Mrs. Ekta A. Kabra
                                             website: www.kolsite.com / www.geon-energy.com
Managing Director
                                             Email: ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com
                                             CIN: L28900MH1982PLC028535
Mr. Satyanarayan G. Kabra
Director
                                             REGISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER AGENTS
Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra                        M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited
Independent Director                         (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited)
                                             C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S Marg, Vikhroli West,
Mr. Boman Moradian                           Mumbai – 400 083, Maharashtra, India
Independent Director                         Tel: +91 22 4918 6270
                                             Fax: +91 22 4918 6060
Mrs. Chitra Andrade                          E-mail : rnt.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
Independent Director                         Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com
Mr. Utpal H. Sheth
Independent Director                         PLANT LOCATIONS
                                             Extrusion Division
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER -                    • Kabra Industrial Estate, Kachigam, Daman – 396210
Extrusion Divison                            • 259/260/265 (III), Coastal Highway, Dunetha,
Mr. Atanu Maity                                 Daman – 396210
(Resigned w.e.f. 16.05.2025)
                                             GEON Division
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
                                             • Plot No. C-22/8 MIDC,
Mr. Daulat Jain
                                               Chakan Industrial Area Phase – 2, Village - Bhamboli,
COMPANY SECRETARY                              Taluka - Khed, Pune – 410501, Maharashtra
Ms. Shilpa Rathi
                                             42ND ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
STATUTORY AUDITORS                           [through Video Conference (VC) / Other Audio Visual
M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP
                                             Means (OAVM)]
Chartered Accountants, Pune
                                             Date: 16th July, 2025
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS                         Time: 04:00 p.m.
M/s. Bhandari & Associates
Company Secretaries, Mumbai                  CONTENTS                                                       Page No.

COST AUDITORS                                Executive Chairman’s Letter..................................... 2 - 3
M/s. Urvashi Kamal Mehta & Co.
Cost Accountants, Vapi                       Notice of AGM........................................................ 4 - 16

BANKERS                                      Director's Report................................................... 17 - 30
State Bank of India                          Management Discussion and Analysis................. 31 - 37
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd.
HDFC Bank Ltd.                               Corporate Governance Report............................. 38 - 53
HSBC Ltd.
                                             Auditor’s Report & Standalone
Federal Bank Limited                         Financial Statements.......................................... 54 - 110
Standard Chartered Bank
                                             Auditor’s Report & Consolidated
                                             Financial Statements.........................................111 - 165

===== PAGE 4 =====
Executive Chairman’s Letter
Dear Stakeholders,
It is my pleasure to connect with you for presenting Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited's (KET) 42nd Annual Report for
the financial year 2024-25.
It is a proud moment for the nation as India ascends to become the fourth-largest economy in the world, surpassing
Japan, with a remarkable GDP of around USD 4.19 trillion in 2025. According to the International Monetary Fund’s
World Economic Outlook, India's economy is expected to grow by 6.5% in both 2025 and 2026. This consistent
growth forecast underscores the robust fundamentals of the Indian economy and its resilience in the face of global
uncertainties.
To foster long-term growth and enhance India's position in the global economy, the Government has launched several
strategic initiatives. Key programs like the PM Gati Shakti National Master Plan for infrastructure, Startup India,
and the Production Linked Incentive (PLI) Scheme are revolutionizing sectors such as manufacturing, the digital
economy, and financial services. These initiatives demonstrate our commitment to creating a self-reliant, resilient,
and globally competitive economy.
According to the Reserve Bank of India's policy update anticipates robust economic activity in 2025-26, driven by
private consumption and increased fixed capital formation. Investment is projected to rise, supported by higher
capacity utilization, improved corporate balance sheets, and government capital expenditure. While trade policy
uncertainty may pose challenges for exports, recent free trade agreements, particularly with the UK, are anticipated
to enhance trade. The RBI forecasts inflation to decrease to 4.2% for FY26, in line with its target, aided by easing
food inflation pressures.
The Company's revenues stood at ₹ 477 crores. The revenue mix between the Extrusion Business and Battery
Division was 74:26 in FY25 as against 57:43 in FY24. EBITDA stood at ₹ 52 crores, with an EBITDA margin of 10.9%
in FY25. KET's profit after tax (PAT) stood at ₹33.9 crores, with a PAT margin of 7.2% during FY25.
In 2024, the global market for plastic extrusion machinery was valued at USD 6.9 billion and is projected to reach USD
10 billion by 2030, growing at a CAGR of 3.9% from 2025 to 2030. This gradual expansion is driven by increasing
demand across various sectors, including packaging, automotive, and construction. In response, manufacturers are
expanding their product lines to meet the rising need for high-quality plastic products. The global plastic pipes market,
valued at USD 56.5 billion in 2023, is expected to grow at a CAGR of 6.8% during the 2024-30 period.
CPVC pipes are becoming increasingly popular for both hot and cold water plumbing, with significant growth in usage.
India stands as one of the largest consumers of CPVC pipes and fittings. The government has initiated ambitious
programs like ‘Har Ghar Jal Yojna’ and ‘Jal Jeevan Mission’ to ensure tap water access for every rural household,
with the Jal Jeevan Mission aiming to provide tap water to all rural homes by 2027.
The need for plumbing pipes and fittings is expected to grow significantly as the demand for clean water rises in
residential and commercial projects. This surge is driving the expansion of the PVC pipes and fittings market, valued
at approximately ₹450 billion in 2024 and projected to exceed ₹500 billion by FY2025, with a CAGR of 10.8%.
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited is strengthening its plant capabilities to address high-demand applications,
necessitating substantial research and development along with investments in centers of excellence. Our R&D efforts
are closely aligned with market needs, resulting in ongoing enhancements and the introduction of new product
lines. KET’s extrusion business is strategically positioned to take advantage of industry growth, supported by the
Government's focus on infrastructure and increasing capital expenditure across the sectors.
According to a report by Fortune Business Insights, the Indian electric vehicle (EV) market is set to surge from USD
23.38 billion in 2024 to USD 117.78 billion by 2032, reflecting a remarkable CAGR of 22.4%. This growth is driven
by favourable government policies, heightened consumer awareness, improved EV infrastructure, and the entry of
major domestic and international players. The Indian EV battery market is also experiencing significant expansion,


2   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 5 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports    |   Financial Statements


projected to grow from USD 2.22 billion in 2024 to USD 13.89 billion by 2033. The rising demand for efficient and
sustainable battery technologies is fueling investment in battery manufacturing and innovation. As India advances
toward its electrification goals, developing a robust battery supply chain will be essential for the long-term success
and scalability of its EV ecosystem.
In FY25, EV sales in India approached the 2 million-mark for the first time, reaching 19,64,974 units, registering
16.9% YoY growth driven by government initiatives and new product launches. Notably, E-2 Wheelers surpassed
1 million units for the first time, growing by 21.2% to 11,49,422 units. E-3 Wheelers saw a 10.5% increase, totaling
6,99,063 units, while E-4 Wheelers grew by 17.6% to 1,07,645 units.
The Indian government has reaffirmed its commitment to achieving 30% electric mobility by 2030. To support this goal,
the Union Budget announced customs duty exemptions on imported capital goods and machinery for manufacturing
lithium-ion batteries, crucial for electric vehicles (EVs). The government plans to replace 800,000 diesel-powered
buses with electric alternatives within seven years, potentially under a new PM E-drive Scheme. This transition aims
to reduce emissions and attract significant investment in EV infrastructure.
Additionally, the government has exempted basic customs duty on cobalt powder, lithium-ion battery scrap, lead, zinc,
and 12 other critical minerals, encouraging MSMEs to invest in battery manufacturing. A budget allocation of ₹490
crore has been made for the National Critical Mineral Mission in the Union Budget 2025-26. To further boost local
manufacturing, the Production-Linked Incentive (PLI) Scheme for the National Programme on Advanced Chemistry
Cell (ACC) Battery Storage has been increased from ₹15.4 crore to ₹155.8 crore.
Geon, the KET's Battery Division specializing in advanced lithium-ion battery packs and modules for electric vehicles,
is gaining traction among EV OEMs. Having entered the E-3 Wheelers market and Battery Swapping in FY25, Geon
is actively pursuing new segments, including E-Low Commercial Vehicles, E-4 Wheelers etc. in the upcoming fiscal
year. With growing consumer confidence in electric vehicles, overall industry numbers are on the rise. Geon has
already established a presence with various 2W, 3W, BESS, and HV customers as a regular supplier.
Simultaneously, the development of Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) is gaining momentum as a vital
component in the transition to renewable energy. BESS technology facilitates the efficient storage and management
of energy from renewable sources like solar and wind, ensuring a stable power supply. As demand for sustainable
energy solutions increases, Geon’s investments in BESS are expected to grow, driving innovation and enhancing
grid resilience while supporting the integration of electric vehicles into the energy ecosystem. Geon aims to become
a key player in the BESS sector in the coming years.
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all the esteemed stakeholders of the Company. I am particularly
thankful to our 'human capital' for their continual efforts towards our long-term goals and vision. I also extend my
appreciation to the Board of Directors for their invaluable guidance and inspiration, encouraging the KET team to
pursue new growth avenues. KET's business model is well-positioned for sustainable long-term growth for all our
esteemed stakeholders.


                                                                                                          Yours Truly,

                                                                                  For Kabra Extrusion Technik Limited
                                                                                                 Shreevallabh Kabra
                                                                                                 Executive Chairman




                                                                                     42nd Annual Report 2024-25   | 3

===== PAGE 6 =====
NOTICE
NOTICE is hereby given that the FORTY SECOND (42ND) ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of the Members of KABRA
EXTRUSIONTECHNIK LIMITED will be held on Wednesday, July 16, 2025 at 04:00 p.m. Indian Standard Time (‘IST”) through
Video Conference (VC) / Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM) facility to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1.    To receive, consider and adopt:
      a)   the Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025, together
           with the Reports of the Board of Directors and the Auditors thereon; and
      b)   the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025, together
           with the Report of the Auditors thereon.
2.    To declare final dividend of ₹2.50 per Equity Share (50%) for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025.
3.    To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
      "RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies
      (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
      Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable provisions, if any, (including any statutory modification(s)
      or re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force), Mr. Satyanarayan G. Kabra (DIN: 00015930), who retires by rotation
      at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) and being eligible, has offered, himself for re-appointment, be and is hereby re-
      appointed as a Non – Executive Non – Independent Director of the Company, liable to retire by rotation.
      RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all acts, deeds,
      matters and things as may be deemed necessary and/or expedient in connection therewith or incidental thereto, to give
      effect to the aforesaid Resolution."
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
4.    Appointment of Secretarial Auditors of the Company.
      To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
      “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulation 24A and other applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of
      India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) read with Circulars
      issued thereunder from time to time and applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Rules made
      thereunder [including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force] and in accordance
      with the recommendation of the Audit Committee and approval of the Board of Directors of the Company, consent of the
      Company be and is hereby accorded for the appointment of M/s. Bhandari & Associates, a firm of Company Secretaries in
      practice, (Firm Registration Number: P1981MH043700) as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a period of five (5)
      years, commencing from April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2030, to conduct the Secretarial Audit and to furnish the Secretarial
      Audit Report.
      RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorized to fix the annual
      remuneration plus applicable taxes and out of pocket expenses payable to them during their tenure as the Secretarial
      Auditors of the Company, as determined by the Audit Committee in consultation with the Secretarial Auditors.
      RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and are hereby authorized to take such steps and do all such acts,
      deeds, matters, and things as may be considered necessary, proper and expedient to give effect to this Resolution.”
5.    To reappoint Mrs. Chitra Andrade (DIN: 08090478) as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company
      To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
      “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provision of Section 149, 152, schedule IV and other applicable provisions of the
      Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with the Rules framed thereunder and applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations
      and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“the Listing Regulations”) (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
      enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), the Article of Association of the Company, and based on the recommendation
      of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, and approval of the Board of Directors, Mrs. Chitra Andrade (DIN :
      08090478), who holds office as an Independent Director upto March 04, 2026, and who has consented to act as such and
      has submitted a declaration confirming that she meets the criteria of independence as prescribed under the Act and Listing
      Regulations, be and is hereby reappointed as an Independent Director, not liable to retire by rotation, for a second term of 5
      (five) years with effect from March 05, 2026 to March 04, 2031.
      RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (including any committee thereof) and/or Company Secretary be and
      is hereby severally authorized to do all acts, deeds, and things and take all such steps as may be considered necessary,
      proper and expedient to give effect to this Resolution.”
6.    To ratify the remuneration of Cost Auditors
      To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:


4    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 7 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


     "RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 and any other applicable provisions of the Companies Act,
     2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment
     thereof, for the time being in force), the members of the Company do hereby ratify the remuneration of ₹1,32,000/- (Rupees
     One Lakh thirty two thousand Only) plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of related business expenses at actuals to
     M/s. Urvashi Kamal Mehta & Co., Cost Accountants, Firm Registration No.: 001817, appointed by the Board of Directors
     of the Company, as Cost Auditors, to conduct the audit of the Cost Records of the Company for the Financial Year ending
     March 31, 2026.”

                                                                                                           By order of the Board
Place : Mumbai                                                                              For Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
Date: May 16, 2025
                                                                                                                    Shilpa Rathi
                                                                                                               Company Secretary
                                                                                                                   (M.N. A27457)
Registered Office:
1001, Fortune Terraces, ‘B’ Wing, 10th Floor, New Link Road, Opp. Citi Mall, Andheri (West), Mumbai - 400053.
Tel.: 022-67353333 • Fax.: 022-26735041 • Website: www.kolsite.com • Email: ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com
CIN: L28900MH1982PLC028535

NOTES:
1.   The Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (‘Act’), setting out the material facts
     concerning the business with respect to Item No(s). 3 to 6 forms part of this Notice. Further, relevant information pursuant
     to Regulation(s) 36 and other relevant provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
     Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) and disclosure requirements in terms of Secretarial
     Standard on General Meetings (‘SS-2’) issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India, in respect of Director
     retiring by rotation and seeking re-appointment at this Annual General Meeting (‘Meeting’ or ‘AGM’) is furnished as Annexure
     to this Notice.
2.   Pursuant to the General Circular No. 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA)
     and circular issued by SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ CFDPoD-2/ P/ CIR/ 2024/ 133 dated October 3, 2024 (“SEBI
     Circular”) and other applicable circulars and notifications issued (including any statutory modifications or re-enactment
     thereof for the time being in force and as amended from time to time, Companies are allowed to hold EGM/AGM through
     Video Conferencing (VC) or other audio visual means (OAVM), without the physical presence of members at a common
     venue.
     In compliance with applicable provisions of the Act read with MCA circulars and SEBI Circular, the 42nd AGM of the Company
     is being conducted through VC/OAVM, without the physical presence of the Members at a common venue. The deemed
     venue for the AGM shall be the Registered Office of the Company. Since the AGM will be held through VC/ OAVM facility,
     the Route Map is not annexed to this notice.
3.   Since this AGM is being held through VC/OAVM, the facility to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not
     available for this AGM and hence Attendance Slip and Proxy Form are not annexed to this Notice.
4.   Institutional/corporate shareholders (i.e., other than individuals, HUF, NRIs, etc.), are required to send a scanned copy (PDF/
     JPG Format) of their respective Board or Governing Body Resolution/Authorisation etc., authorising their representative to
     attend the AGM through VC/OAVM on their behalf and to vote through remote e-Voting. The said Resolution/Authorisation
     shall be sent by e-mail on Scrutiniser’s e-mail address at mumbai@anilashok.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.
     com. Alternatively, the Corporate Members/Institutional shareholders (i.e., other than individuals, HUFs, NRIs, etc.) can also
     upload their Board Resolution/Power of Attorney/Authority Letter, etc., by clicking on the “Upload Board Resolution/Authority
     Letter” displayed under the “e-Voting” tab in their login.
5.   The Members can join the AGM in the VC / OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the commencement
     of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at the AGM through VC/
     OAVM will be made available for 1000 members on ﬁrst come ﬁrst served basis. This will not include large Shareholders
     (Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel,
     the Chairperson of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship
     Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on account of ﬁrst come ﬁrst served basis.
6.   The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the
     quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.
7.   The Members will be allowed to express views / pose questions during the course of the Meeting upon pre-registration as
     speakers, as detailed under 'Instructions for Members for attending the AGM through VC / OAVM'. Members desirous of
     obtaining any information with regard to accounts / other queries are requested to write to the Company Secretary at the
     Registered Office of the Company / ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com , at least 7 days in advance, the Company reserves the right
     to restrict the number of questions and number of speakers, depending upon availability of time as appropriate for smooth
     conduct of the AGM.

                                                                                               42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 5

===== PAGE 8 =====
8.     In case of Joint Holders attending the meeting, only such joint holder whose name appears first will be entitled to vote.
9.     Register of Members and the Share Transfer Books of the Company will remain closed from Thursday, July 10, 2025 to
       Wednesday, July 16, 2025 (both days inclusive).
10.    In accordance with Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended, any fresh transfer requests for securities
       shall be processed in demat/electronic form only. Members holding shares of the Company in physical form are requested
       to kindly get their shares converted into demat/electronic form to get inherent benefits of dematerialization.
11.    Final Dividend recommended by the Board, if approved by the Members at the Annual General Meeting will be paid to
       members who holds shares as on the cutoff date i.e. Wednesday, July 09, 2025.
12.    In compliance with SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/167 dated October 07, 2023, the Company would send
       the Annual Report for FY 2024-25, Notice of 42nd AGM and e-Voting instructions only in electronic form to the registered
       email addresses of the shareholders. Therefore, those shareholders who have not yet registered their email address are
       requested to get their email addresses registered with their DP or RTA in the following manner:
•      Shareholders holding shares in physical form can register their e-mail id with the RTA by sending an e-mail to RTA at
       rnt.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com.
•      Shareholders holding shares in demat mode may update the e-mail address through their respective Depository Participant(s).
       A letter containing the weblink, along with the path to access the complete details of the Annual Report, is being sent to
       Members who have not registered their email address with the Company’s RTA or DP
13.    Pursuant to SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated May 7, 2024 issued to the Registrar
       and Transfer Agents read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/81 dated June 10, 2024, SEBI
       Circular No. SEBI/ HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2023/181 dated November 17, 2023, and other related SEBI Circulars, SEBI
       has mandated that, with effect from April 1, 2024, dividend to the security holders holding shares in physical mode shall be
       paid only through electronic mode. Such payment to the eligible shareholders holding physical shares shall be made only
       after they have furnished their PAN, Contact Details (Postal Address with PIN and Mobile Number), Bank Account Details,
       Specimen Signature, etc., for their corresponding physical folios with the Company or its RTA. Relevant FAQs have been
       published by SEBI in this regard. FAQ published by SEBI on its website can be viewed at the following link:
       https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebi_data/faqfiles/sep-2024/1727418250017.pdf
14.    Members may note that this Annual Report will also be available on the Company's website at www.kolsite.com and on the
       website of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and
       www.nseindia.com respectively, and on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com
15.    In terms of Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013, the amount of dividend remaining unpaid or unclaimed for a period
       of seven (7) years from the date of transfer to the unpaid dividend account is required to be transferred to the Investor
       Education and Protection Fund (“IEPF”). The due dates for transfer of unclaimed divided and unclaimed shares to IEPF is
       provided in the report of Corporate Governance. Shareholders are requested to ensure that they claim the dividends and
       shares referred above, before they are transferred to the said fund. The Company has uploaded the information in respect
       of the unclaimed dividends on the website of the Company i.e. https://www.kolsite.com/unclaimed-dividends.php.
16.    Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124 of the Act read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority
       (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 ('IEPF Rules') as amended to date, all shares on which dividend has
       not been claimed for seven consecutive years or more shall be transferred to IEPF Authority as notiﬁed by the Ministry of
       Corporate Aﬀairs.
       The Members / Claimants whose shares and/or unclaimed dividend amount have been transferred to IEPF may claim the
       shares or apply for refund by making an application to IEPF Authority in Form IEPF 5 (available on www.iepf.gov.in) along
       with applicable requisite fee. The Member/Claimant can ﬁle only one consolidated claim in a ﬁnancial year as per the IEPF
       Rules. The Company has uploaded the information in respect of the unclaimed dividends on its website at www.kolsite.com.
       It is in Members' interest to claim any un-encashed dividends and for future, opt for Electronic Clearing Service, so that
       dividends paid by the Company are credited to Members' account on time.
17.    Members who hold shares in physical mode in multiple folios in identical names or joint holding in the same order of names
       are requested to send the share certiﬁcates to Registrar & Share Transfer Agent (R & T Agent), for consolidation into a single
       folio.
18.    The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding, maintained under Section 170 of the Act,
       and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the directors are interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Act,
       will be available electronically for inspection by the members during the AGM. All documents referred to in the accompanying
       Notice will also be available for electronic inspection without any fee by the members from the date of circulation of this
       Notice up to the date of AGM. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email to ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com.




6     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 9 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


19.   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated the furnishing of PAN, KYC details and nomination details
      by every participant in the securities market. Members are requested to update the said details against folio/demat account.
20.   Members desirous of updating their bank account details, Power of Attorney, correspondence address, Email Address,
      Contact Numbers, etc. are requested to follow the below procedure:
      For shares held in Dematerialized Form: intimate such changes to their respective Depository Participant (DP). The
      changes intimated to the DP will then be automatically reﬂected in the Company's records, which will help the Company and
      its R & T Agent to provide eﬃcient and better services.
      For shares held in Physical Form: intimate such changes to the Company's R & T Agent.
21.   To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are advised to exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any change
      in address or demise of any member as soon as possible. Members are also advised not to leave their Demat account(s)
      dormant for long. Periodic statement of holdings should be obtained from the concerned Depository Participants and holdings
      should be veriﬁed.
22.   Members desirous of making a nomination in respect of their shareholding in the Company, as provided under Section 72
      of the Companies Act, 2013, are requested to ﬁll up Form SH-13 and If a Member desires to opt-out or cancel the earlier
      nomination and record a fresh nomination, he/she may submit SH-14 and send to the Company's R & T Agent. In respect of
      shares held in dematerialized form, the nomination form may be ﬁled with the respective Depository Participant.
23.   Pursuant to the Finance Act, 2020, dividend income will be taxable in the hands of shareholders w.e.f. April 01, 2020 and the
      Company is required to deduct tax at source from dividend paid to shareholders at the prescribed rates. For the prescribed
      rates for various categories, the shareholders are requested to refer to the Finance Act, 2020 and amendments thereof.
      The shareholders are requested to update their PAN with the Company / Registrar and Transfer Agent in case of shares
      held in physical mode and with the Depository Participants in case of shares held in Demat mode. A Resident individual
      shareholder with PAN who is not liable to pay income tax, can submit a yearly declaration in Form No. 15G/15H, to avail
      the benefit of non-deduction of tax at source by sending an email to ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com or RTA latest by 11:59 P.M.
      (IST) on July 08, 2025 .Shareholders are requested to note that in case their PAN is not registered, the tax will be deducted
      at a higher rate of 20%. Non-resident shareholders can avail beneficial rates under tax treaty between India and their
      country of residence, subject to providing necessary documents i.e. No Permanent Establishment and Beneficial Ownership
      Declaration, Tax Residency Certificate, Form 10F, any other document which may be required to avail the tax treaty benefits
      by sending an email to ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com or RTA latest by 11:59 P.M. (IST) on July, 08, 2025.
24.   Any person, whose name is recorded in the Register of Members or in the Register of beneficial owners as on the record
      date (cut-off date) i.e. July 09, 2025 shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting. The remote e-voting period
      commences on Saturday, July 12, 2025 at 09.00 a.m. IST and ends on Tuesday, July 15, 2025 at 05.00 p.m. IST. The
      voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the
      said cut-off date. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the shareholder, the shareholder shall not be allowed to change it
      subsequently.
25.   Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration)
      Rules, 2014 and Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations (as amended) and MCA Circulars, the Company is providing
      facility of remote e-voting to its shareholders in respect of the business to be transacted at the AGM. For this purpose, the
      Company has entered into an agreement with NSDL for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the authorized
      e-voting agency. The facility of casting votes by a shareholder using remote e-voting as well as the e-voting system on the
      date of AGM will be provided by NSDL.
26.   Mr. Viral Nitin Kothari or failing him Mr. Amit Maheshwari, Partners of M/s. Anil Ashok & Associates, Chartered Accountants
      (Firm Registration No.: 005177N), have been appointed as the Scrutinizer for conducting the e-voting process in a fair and
      transparent manner. The Results declared alongwith the Scrutinizer's Report shall be placed on the Company's website:
      www.kolsite.com and on the website of NSDL within 48 hrs. of conclusion of the General Meeting and communicated to BSE
      and NSE.
      The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” as mentioned below:
      THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING ARE AS UNDER:-
      The remote e-voting period begins on Saturday, July 12, 2025 at 09:00 A.M. and ends on Tuesday, July 15, 2025 at
      05:00 P.M. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names
      appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. July 09, 2025 may
      cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up
      equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, being July 09, 2025.
      How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
      The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:




                                                                                                42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 7

===== PAGE 10 =====
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A)    Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode
      In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders
      holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and
      Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in
      order to access e-Voting facility.
      Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
       Type of              Login Method
       shareholders
       Individual           1.   For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/
       Shareholders              evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification
       holding securities        code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click
       in demat mode             on login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein
       with NSDL.                you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL
                                 and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote
                                 e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
                            2.   Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.
                                 com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on
                                 the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will
                                 prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you
                                 will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting”
                                 under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or
                                 e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for
                                 casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the
                                 meeting.
                            3.   If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.
                                 nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/
                                 SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
                            4.   Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://
                                 www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page
                                 of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
                                 Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen
                                 digit demat account number held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown
                                 on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site
                                 wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e.
                                 NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the
                                 remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
                            5.   Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning
                                 the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.




8    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 11 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports     |   Financial Statements


     Type of              Login Method
     shareholders
     Individual           1.   Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing
     Shareholders              user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any
     holding securities        further authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website
     in demat mode             www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then use your existing
     with CDSL                 my easi username & password.
                          2.   After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible
                               companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On
                               clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service
                               provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting &
                               voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all
                               e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website
                               directly.
                          3.    If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website
                                www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration
                                option.
                          4.    Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number
                                and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will
                                authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat
                                Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where
                                the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service
                                Providers.
      Individual          You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository
      Shareholders        Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see
      (holding            e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after
      securities in       successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting
      demat mode)         service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote
      login through       during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
      their depository
      participants
     Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget
     Password option available at abovementioned website.
     Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login
     through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.

         Login type                              Helpdesk details

         Individual Shareholders holding         Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by
         securities in demat mode with NSDL      sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000

         Individual Shareholders holding         Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by
         securities in demat mode with CDSL      sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free
                                                 no. 1800-21-09911

B)   Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding
     securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1.   Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on
     a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
2.   Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
     Member’ section.
3.   A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the
     screen.
     Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your
     existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can
     proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.


                                                                                             42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 9

===== PAGE 12 =====
4.   Your User ID details are given below :

      Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat           Your User ID is:
      (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical

      a)    For Members who hold shares in 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
            demat account with NSDL.       For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your user
                                                    ID is IN300***12******.

      b)    For Members who hold shares in 16 Digit Beneficiary ID
            demat account with CDSL.       For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user ID is
                                                    12**************

      c)    For Members holding shares in EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the company
            Physical Form.                For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is
                                          101456001***

5.   Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:
     a)    If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast your vote.
     b)    If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was
           communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system
           will force you to change your password.
     c)    How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
           (i)    If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is communicated
                  to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the
                  attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL
                  account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file
                  contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.
           (ii)   If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those shareholders
                  whose email ids are not registered.
6.   If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
     a)    Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option
           available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
     b)     Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.
           com.
     c)    If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at evoting@nsdl.com
           mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc.
     d)    Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting system of
           NSDL.
7.   After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
8.   Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
9.   After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
1.   After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares and whose
     voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status.
2.   Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting your vote
     during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join Meeting”.
3.   Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4.   Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which you wish
     to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.



10   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 13 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


5.   Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.
6.   You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
7.   Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1.   Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format)
     of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies)
     who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to mumbai@anilashok.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.
     com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of
     Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in
     their login.
2.   It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password
     confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In
     such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option
     available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
3.   In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual
     for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request
     to (Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager) at evoting@nsdl.com
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and
password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
1.   In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share
     certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar
     Card) by email to ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com
2.   In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name,
     client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self
     attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities
     in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and
     joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
3.   Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password for e-voting
     by providing above mentioned documents.
4.   In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders
     holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and
     Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat
     account in order to access e-Voting facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE EGM/AGM ARE AS UNDER:-
1.   The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.
2.   Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote
     on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through
     e-Voting system in the AGM.
3.   Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be eligible to
     vote at the AGM.
4.   The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the day of the
     AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE EGM/AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
1.   Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system.
     Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login,
     you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under “Join meeting” menu against company name. You are requested to click on VC/
     OAVM link placed under Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the
     EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that the members who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting
     or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned
     in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
2.   Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience.
3.   Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the
     meeting.


                                                                                              42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 11

===== PAGE 14 =====
4.   Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot
     may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable
     Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
5.   Members who wish to express their views or ask questions during the AGM may register themselves as speakers by sending
     their request in advance, at least 3 days prior to the meeting, mentioning their name, DP ID/Client ID/Folio Number, email
     ID, mobile number and queries, to the Company’s email ID: ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com. The Company reserves the right to
     restrict the number of speakers depending on the availability of time for the AGM.
ANNEXURE TO NOTICE:
Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in respect of Item No. 3 to 6 which sets out
all material facts relating to the business mentioned in the accompanying Notice
Item No.3
Mr. Satyanarayan G. Kabra, aged 81 years, (DIN : 00015930) is a Non-Executive Director of the Company and retires by rotation
at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM). Being eligible, he offers himself for re-appointment.
Pursuant to Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no listed entity shall appoint or continue the directorship of a Non-
Executive Director who has attained the age of seventy-five (75) years unless a special resolution is passed by shareholders with
a justification in the explanatory statement. As Mr. Satyanarayan G Kabra is proposed to be re-appointed, the Company seeks
members’ approval through a special resolution for his continuation as a Non-Executive Non- Independent Director in terms of
Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors at their meeting have recommended the continuation
of Directorship of Mr. Satyanarayan G. Kabra as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company, considering his vast
experience, expertise, and valuable guidance provided to the Company.
Brief profile of Mr. Satyanarayan G Kabra, as required under Secretarial Standard-2 and SEBI Listing Regulations, is annexed to
this Notice.
The Board recommends the resolution for approval of the members as a Special Resolution set out at Item No. 3.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, or their relatives, except Mr. Satyanarayan G Kabra and
Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra, is in any way, interested or concerned in the said resolution. The relatives of the said appointee may be
deemed to be interested in the resolution to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company.
Item No. 4
Pursuant to Section 204 of the Act read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)
Rules, 2014, every listed company is required to annex a Secretarial Audit Report to its Board’s Report, which is prepared under
Section 134(3) of the Act. In addition, Regulation 24A of the SEBI Listing Regulations mandates that every listed entity must
conduct a Secretarial Audit and annex the report to its Annual Report.
SEBI vide its notification dated December 12, 2024 amended Regulation 24A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulation, 2015 (the Listing Regulations). The amended regulation read with the SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/
CFD/CFD-PoD-2/CIR/P/2024/185 dated December 31, 2024 (the circular), is required to undertake Secretarial Audit through a
peer reviewed Company Secretary and annex a Secretarial Audit Report in such form as specified by SEBI, annual report of the
Company.
As per the amended Regulation 24A of the Listing Regulations, every listed Company on the recommendation of the Board of
Directors shall appoint Secretarial Audit firm for a maximum of two terms of five consecutive years, with shareholder approval to
be obtained at the Annual General Meeting.
Accordingly, based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors has approved the appointment of M/s.
Bhandari & Associates, Practising Company Secretaries, as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a term of five consecutive
years commencing from April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2030, subject to the approval of shareholders.
In recommending M/s. Bhandari & Associates, Practising Company Secretaries, the Audit Committee and the Board considered
several parameters including:
•    Secretarial Auditors prior experience in the Company’s business segments,
•    Capability to manage complex and diverse corporate environments,
•    Industry reputation, clientele, and technical proficiency.
M/s. Bhandari & Associates is a well-established firm of Practising Company Secretaries, registered with the Institute of Company
Secretaries of India (ICSI), and holds a valid peer review certificate. The firm is led by experienced professionals with domain
expertise across corporate governance, legal compliance, advisory services, litigation support, and due diligence. The team’s
collective knowledge and professional ethics align well with the compliance and governance standards expected by the Company.



12   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 15 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


Key terms of appointment:
•    Tenure: April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2030 (five financial years).
•    Remuneration for FY 2025-26: ₹1,40,000/- (Rupees One Lakh Forty Thousand only) plus applicable taxes and out-of-pocket
     expenses.
•    Basis of Fee Determination: Scope of audit, experience of the audit team, time required, and domain expertise.
•    Additional Services: Any fee for statutory certifications or professional services other than Secretarial Audit will be separately
     determined by the management in consultation with Secretarial Auditor and approved by the Board of Directors and/or Audit
     Committee.
•    Future Remuneration: The remuneration for subsequent years (FY 2026 to FY 2029) shall be reviewed and approved by the
     Board and/or Audit Committee.
The fee proposed for FY 2025-26 remains materially unchanged from that paid for FY 2024-25, and therefore, there is no material
change in remuneration warranting a separate justification.
M/s. Bhandari & Associates has provided its written consent to act as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company and has confirmed
its eligibility under the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations.
The Board recommends the resolution for approval by the shareholders.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives, are concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in this item.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out in Item No. 4 of this Notice for approval of the Members.
Item No. 5
Mrs. Chitra Andrade (DIN: 08090478), aged 63 years was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company
by the members at the 38th AGM of the Company held on July 30, 2021 for a period of five consecutive years commencing from
the March 05, 2021. Her present term will expire on March 04, 2026.
Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which after considering her performance
evaluation, skills, expertise, experience and qualification recommended her continuation, the Board of Directors at its meeting
held on 16/05/2025, has proposed the re-appointment of Mrs. Chitra Andrade for a second term as an Independent Director, not
liable to retire by rotation, commencing from the March 05, 2026 to March 04, 2031 (both day inclusive), subject to the approval
of Members by way of Special Resolution.
The Company has received a notice in writing from a member under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013, proposing the
candidature of Mrs. Chitra Andrade for re-appointment as an Independent Director of the Company.
Further, the Company has received necessary disclosure, declaration and confirmation from Mrs. Chitra Andrade including:
•    Consent to act as Director, as required under Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013
•    Confirmed that she continues to meet the criteria of independence as specified under Section 149(6) of the Act read with the
     applicable rules and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations.
•    Confirmed that there are no circumstances or situations existing or anticipated which could impair her ability to discharge her
     duties as an Independent Director.
•    Confirmed that she is not debarred from holding the office of Director pursuant to any SEBI order or any such authority and
     is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director under Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013.
•    She has complied with the provisions of Rule 6(1) and 6(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors)
     Rules, 2014, with respect to registration with the Independent Director Data Bank maintained by the Indian Institute of
     Corporate Affairs (IICA).
In the opinion of the Board and based on its evaluation, Mrs. Chitra Andrade continues to fulfil the criteria for independence and
is not disqualified from being reappointed under the Act or SEBI Listing Regulations.
The brief profile and other relevant information as required under the listing regulations and SS-2 are provided in additional
information section to this Notice.
The terms and conditions governing the appointment or re-appointment of Independent Directors are available on the website of
the Company.
Accordingly, the Board recommends the resolution set out at Item No. 5 of the Notice for approval of the Members by way of
Special Resolution.
None of the directors, KMP, or their relatives except Mrs. Chitra Andrade, to whom the resolution relates, are interested or
concerned, financially or otherwise, in passing the proposed resolution. The relatives of the said appointee may be deemed to be
interested in the resolution to the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company.


                                                                                                42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 13

===== PAGE 16 =====
Item No. 6
In terms of the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules made thereunder, the Company is required to
maintain Cost records in respect of its products as prescribed and have the same audited by a Cost Auditor.
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 16, 2025, approved
the appointment of M/s. Urvashi Kamal Mehta & Co., Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No.001817), as the Cost Auditors for
conducting the Cost Audit for the ﬁnancial year ending March 31, 2026, on a remuneration of ₹1,32,000/- (Rupees One Lakh Thirty
Two Thousand only) plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses at actuals.
Considering the scope of audit, time and resources deployed by the cost auditors, in the opinion of the Directors, the proposed
remuneration payable would be fair and reasonable and do not in any way impair the independence and judgment of the Cost
Auditors.
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148(3) of the Act read with the Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
2014, as amended, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors is required to be ratified by the members of the Company.
Accordingly, consent of the members is sought for passing an Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 6 of the Notice of the
42nd AGM for ratification of remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors for the financial year ending 31st March 2026.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the accompanying Notice, for approval of the Members.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives is concerned or interested, ﬁnancially or
otherwise, in the Resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the accompanying Notice..

                                                                                                         By order of the Board
Place : Mumbai                                                                            For Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
Date: May 16, 2025
                                                                                                                 Shilpa Rathi
                                                                                                            Company Secretary
                                                                                                                (M.N. A27457)




14   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 17 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements


Details of Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment at the 42nd Annual General Meeting pursuant to Regulation
36(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 and the Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India

Name                           Mr. Satyanarayan Gopilal Kabra                 Mrs. Chitra Andrade
DIN                            00015930                                       08090478
Age/ DOB                       Age 81 Years                                   Age 63 Years
                               09-01-1944                                     02-06-1962
Date of First Appointment      21st October, 1982                             05th March, 2021
Position held                  Non-Executive Non-Independent Director         Non-Executive Independent Director
Brief Profile                  Mr. Satyanarayan G Kabra is the Co- founder Mrs. Chitra Andrade holds a B.Com
                               of the Kolsite Group of Companies – India’s (Honours) Degree from Calcutta University
                               Leading Group in the field of Plastics. Since and a PGDBM from XLRI, Jamshedpur and
                               1960’s he has been instrumental in defining has over 3 decades of working experience
                               Strategies, Business Goals and overall in the Indian Financial Services Sector in
                               development Initiatives. His conceptualization varied Senior Business Roles spanning
                               and execution skills, backed by strong Banking (Retail and Corporate), Investment
                               Business Acumen has benefitted the Company Banking, Asset Management and NBFCs.
                               to grow and maintain growth trajectory since She has an excellent understanding of the
                               its inception.                                 Indian Financial Services Sector and related
                                                                              regulatory environment. She has worked on
                                                                              varied consulting assignments in India as well
                                                                              as abroad.
Educational Qualification      B.E. (Mechanical)                              •    B.Com (Honours) Degree from Calcutta
                                                                                   University
                                                                              •    PGDBM from XLRI, Jamshedpur
Experience (including          Extensive experience of plastic industry Has experience of over 3 decades of working
expertise in specific          and management & control of industry and experience in the Indian Financial Services
functional area) / Brief       business.                                Sector in varied Senior Business Roles
Resume                                                                  spanning Banking (Retail and Corporate),
                                                                        Investment Banking, Asset Management and
                                                                        NBFCs.
Directorships held in other    •    Plastiblends India Limited                •    Mahindra    Manulife       Investment
Companies                                                                          Management Private Limited
                                                                              •    Yes Securities (India) Limited
Chairmanship / Membership      Chairman of following         Committee     in Chairman of following Committee in Mahindra
of Committees                  Plastiblends India Limited                     Manulife Investment Management Private
                               •    CSR Committee                             Limited
                               Member of following          Committees     in •    Audit Committee
                               Plastiblends India Limited                     •    Risk Management Committee
                               •    Stakeholders Relationship Committee       Member of following Committees in Mahindra
                               •    Audit Committee                           Manulife Investment Management Private
                                                                              Limited
                                                                              •    Unit Holder Protection Committee
                                                                              •    Nomination        and     Remuneration
                                                                                   Committee
                                                                              Chairman of following Committee in Yes
                                                                              Securities (India) Limited:
                                                                              •    CSR Committee
                                                                              Member of following Committees in Yes
                                                                              Securities (India) Limited:
                                                                              •    Audit Committee
                                                                              •    Nomination        and     Remuneration
                                                                                   Committee




                                                                                        42nd Annual Report 2024-25     | 15

===== PAGE 18 =====
Shareholdings in the           2000 (i.e. 0.01%) Equity Shares of ₹ 5/- each Nil
Company including
shareholding as a beneficial
owner*
Terms and Conditions of re-    Re-appointment upon retirement by rotation    Re-appointment for second term of 5 years
appointment
Relationship between           Related to :                                  None
Directors inter-se             Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra (Brother)
Name of listed entities        Nil                                           Nil
from which the person has
resigned in the past three
years
Remuneration last drawn for    Nil                                            Disclosed in Corporate Governance Report
Financial year 2024-25 and                                                   forming part of Annual Report
sought to be paid
Number of Board Meeting        Mr. Satyanarayan Gopilal Kabra attended 4 Mrs. Chitra Andrade attended 5 out of 5 Board
attended during the year       out of 5 Board Meetings.                  Meetings.
Skills and capabilities    NA                                                Mrs. Chitra Andrade have skills and expertise
required for the role as                                                     in the areas of Indian Financial Services Sector
an Independent Director                                                      in varied Senior Business Roles spanning
and manner in which the                                                      Banking (Retail and Corporate), Investment
proposed person meets such                                                   Banking, Asset Management and NBFCs.
requirements
*as on date of this report




16   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 19 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports         |   Financial Statements



DIRECTORS REPORT
To,
The Members of
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited,
Mumbai
Your Directors are pleased to present the Forty Second Annual Report together with the Audited Financial Statements for the
ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 2025.
1.   Financial / Operational Performance:
     Key highlights of the financial results of the Company prepared as per the Indian Accounting Standards (‘Ind AS’) for the FY
     ended March 31, 2025 along with corresponding numbers of March 31, 2024 are as under:
                                                                                                                                (₹ in Lakhs)

                                                                                  Standalone                         Consolidated
      Particulars
                                                                          FY 24-25          FY 2023-24        FY 24-25          FY 2023-24
      Revenue from operations                                                 47,684.69        60,777.42          47,684.75        60,777.42
      Other Income                                                              1,298.45          688.07            1,298.45          688.07
      Total income (A)                                                       48,983.14         61,465.49         48,983.20         61,465.49
      Expenses:
      Cost of material consumed                                               32,048.60        44,306.76          32,051.74        44,244.78
      Changes in inventories of ﬁnished goods, stock-in- trade & work-
                                                                              (2,934.52)       (1,872.09)         (2,934.52)      (1,865.02)
      in-progress
      Employee beneﬁts expense                                                  5,907.53        5,539.25            6,060.43        5,539.56
      Finance Cost                                                              1,117.31          978.30            1,117.31          978.30
      Depreciation and amortisation expense                                     2,027.04        1,557.18            2,069.59        1,562.99
      Other Expenses                                                            7,473.91        6,734.22            7,540.87        6,794.29
      Total expenses (B)                                                     45,639.87         57,243.61         45,905.42          57,254.9
      Proﬁt / (Loss) before share in Proﬁt (Loss) of Joint Ventures /
                                                                              3,343.28          4,221.88           3,077.79           4,210.59
      subsidiaries, exceptional items & tax (A - B)
      Share of net proﬁt / (loss) of Associates and Joint Ventures
                                                                                        -                -            54.46           224.44
      accounted for using the equity method
      Exceptional items                                                           848.98                 -            848.98                 -
      Profit / (Loss) before including exceptional item                       4,192.26          4,221.88          3,981.22          4,435.03
      Current Tax/Income Tax on earlier year                                    1,075.00         1,074.6            1,075.00        1,074.60
      Deferred Tax                                                               (269.94)         (20.11)            (313.99)         (21.27)
      Proﬁt/(Loss) for the period                                              3,387.20         3,167.39           3,220.20           3,381.70

2.   Financial Performance
     Standalone: During the year under review, the Total Revenue of your Company was ₹48,983.14 Lakhs as compared to
     ₹61,465.49 Lakhs in the previous year. The net profit for the year stood at ₹3,387.20 Lakhs against ₹3,167.39 Lakhs in the
     previous year.
     Consolidated: During the year under review, the Total Revenue of your Company was ₹48,983.20 Lakhs as compared to
     ₹61,465.49 Lakhs in the previous year. The net profit for the year stood at ₹3,220.20 Lakhs against ₹3,381.70 Lakhs in the
     previous year.
     Your Company’s performance has been discussed in detail in the ‘Management Discussion and Analysis Report’.
3.   Dividend and Transfer to Reserves:
     The Board has recommended a final dividend @ 50% i.e. ₹2.50 per equity share for the financial year ended March 31, 2025
     (Previous Year final dividend of ₹3.50 per equity share i.e.70%) subject to the members’ approval at the ensuing Annual
     General Meeting of the Company.
     The dividend recommended is in accordance with the principles and criteria as set out in the the Dividend Distribution Policy.
     Based on the number of equity shares as on the date of this Report, the dividend, if approved would result in cash outflow
     of ₹874.32 Lakhs


                                                                                                   42nd Annual Report 2024-25           | 17

===== PAGE 20 =====
     Pursuant to the Finance Act, 2020, dividend income is taxable in hands of the shareholders effective April 01, 2020 and the
     Company is required to deduct tax at source from dividend paid to the members at prescribed rates as per the Income Tax
     Act, 1961.
4.   Dividend Distribution Policy
     In terms of Regulation 43A of the Listing Regulations, the Board of Directors of the Company has formulated and adopted
     the Dividend Distribution Policy.
     The Policy is available on the website of the Company at https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/Dividend%20
     Distribution%20Policy.pdf
5.   Transfer to Reserves
     The Board of Directors has decided to retain the entire amount of proﬁts for FY 2024-25 in the statement of proﬁt and loss
     account.
6.   Change in Share Capital
     During the year under review, the Company has not issued any equity shares. As on March 31, 2025, the Authorized Share
     Capital of the Company was ₹20,00,00,000 divided into 4,00,00,000 equity shares of ₹5/- each.
     The Issued, subscribed and paid up share capital of the Company as on March 31, 2025 was ₹17,48,64,180 divided into
     3,49,72,836 equity shares of ₹5/- each
7.   Utilization of funds raised through issue of convertible warrants on preferential base :
     The shareholders of the Company approved the issuance of 30,70,516 convertible warrants on a preferential basis to the
     Promoter Group and Investors at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on January 21, 2022. The Company had raised
     total funds of ₹101.02 crore approx. on allotment of equity shares (upon conversion of 30,70,516 warrants into equity at a
     price of ₹329/- each including premium of ₹324/-) per warrant through preferential issue to promoter group and Investors.
     As on March 31, 2025, the Company has utilized an aggregate amount of ₹97.11 crore. There has been no deviation in the
     use of proceeds from the object stated at the time of the issue.
8.   Directors & Key Managerial Personnel:
     Re-appointment
     Mrs. Chitra Andrade (DIN: 08090478) will complete her first term of five (5) consecutive years as Independent Director of the
     Company on March 04, 2026, in accordance with the provisions of Section 149(10) of the Companies Act, 2013.
     On the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of the Board of Directors, the
     proposal for re-appointment of Mrs. Chitra Andrade as Independent Director of the Company for a second term of five (5)
     consecutive years commencing from March 05, 2026 to March 04, 2031, as an Independent Director, not liable to retire by
     rotation is being included in the Notice of ensuing 42nd Annual General Meeting for approval of the shareholders.
     Mrs. Chitra Andrade has submitted a declaration confirming that she meets the criteria of independence as prescribed under
     Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. In the opinion
     of the Board, she possesses appropriate skills, qualifications, integrity, and experience and fulfills the conditions for her
     continued appointment as an Independent Director.
     Retirement by Rotation
     In accordance with the provision of Section 152 of the Act read with rules made thereunder and the Articles of Association
     of the Company, Mr. Satyanarayan G. Kabra (DIN: 00015930), Non-Executive, Non- Independent Director of the Company,
     retires by the rotation at the ensuing AGM and being eligible, has offered himself for re-appointment.
     Details of the Directors proposed to be re-appointed at the ensuing Annual General Meeting, as required by Regulation
     36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and SS-2 (Secretarial Standard on General Meetings) are provided at the end of notice
     convening the 42nd Annual General Meeting.
     Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
     Pursuant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Act, the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company as on the date of this
     Report are
      Sl. No. Name                                                Designation
        1     Mr. Shreevallabh G Kabra                            Whole Time Director
        2     Mr. Anand Kabra                                     Managing Director
        3     Mrs. Ekta Kabra                                     Managing Director
        4     Mr. Atanu Maity*                                    Chief Executive Officer-Extrusion Division
        5     Mr. Daulat Jain                                     Chief Financial Officer
        6     Mrs. Shilpa Rathi                                   Company Secretary
     * Mr. Atanu Maity has resigned with effect from 16/05/2025
     During the year under review, there were no change in the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.


18   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 21 =====
Notice       | Statutory Reports     |   Financial Statements


      Declaration from Independent Director
      All Independent Directors have furnished respective declaration stating that they meet the criteria of Independence as laid
      down under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. The Independent Directors has
      also confirmed that they have complied with the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. There was no change in
      the Composition of the Board of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel during the year under the review except as stated.
      The Board is of the opinion that the Independent Directors of the Company possess requisite skills, qualiﬁcations, experience,
      knowledge and fulﬁl the conditions of independence as speciﬁed in the said Act, Rules and Regulations. The Non-Executive
      Directors of the Company had no pecuniary relationship other than payment of sitting fee for attending meetings of Board of
      Directors and its Committees.
9.    Board Performance evaluation:
      In accordance with the provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations, the Company has conducted the Annual Performance
      Evaluation process, evaluating the performance of the Board, the Committee of Board and the individual directors including
      Chairman.
      The Board of Directors has evaluated the performance of Independent Directors during the year 2024-25 and expressed
      their satisfaction with the evaluation process.
      Independent Directors, in their separate meeting reviewed the performance of the Non-Independent Directors and the Board
      as a whole and also reviewed the performance of the Chairman after taking in account the views of all the Directors. The
      outcome of this performance evaluation was placed before the meetings of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
      and Independent Directors for the consideration of the members. The committee expressed overall satisfaction on the
      performance of the Independent Directors, Non-Independent Directors, Chairman and the Board as a whole.
10.   Directors' Responsibility Statement and Internal Financial Control:
      Pursuant to Section 134(3) and 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Directors, to the best of knowledge, conﬁrm that:
      i.      in the preparation of annual accounts for the year ended March 31, 2025, the applicable Accounting Standards have
              been followed and no material departures had been made from the same;
      ii.     they have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently, and made judgments and estimates that
              were reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of a state of aﬀairs of the Company as at March 31,
              2025, and of the proﬁt of the Company for the said Financial Year;
      iii.    they have taken proper and suﬃcient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the
              provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting
              fraud and other irregularities;
      iv.     they have prepared the annual accounts on a 'going concern basis';
      v.      they have laid down internal ﬁnancial controls to be followed by the Company and that such internal ﬁnancial controls
              are adequate and were operating eﬀectively; and
      vi.     they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such
              systems are adequate and operating eﬀectively.
11.   Internal Financial Controls
      The Board is of opinion that the Company's Internal Financial Controls are commensurate with the nature of its business and
      the size and complexity of its operations and were eﬀective during the Financial Year 2024-25. These are routinely tested
      by Statutory as well as Internal Auditors and cover all the key business areas. The Audit Committee reviews the adequacy
      and eﬀectiveness of internal control systems and monitors the implementation of audit recommendations, including those
      relating to strengthening the same. The Audit Committee and Statutory Auditors are appraised of the internal audit ﬁndings
      and corrective actions taken. The Statutory Auditors of the Company have reported on adequacy of internal control in their
      Report. The Board of Directors conﬁrm compliance with the Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company
      Secretaries of India.
12.   Significant Transactions
      During the year under review, the Company divested its entire shareholding 4,99,400 equity shares, representing 49.94%
      of the paid up capital of its Associate Company, Penta Auto Feeding India Limited. Pursuant to the said divestment, Penta
      Auto Feeding India Limited has ceased to be an associate of the Company with effect from 06th February, 2025.
13.   Subsidiary / Associate Companies and Consolidated Financial Statements:
      In accordance with Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, a statement containing the salient features of the ﬁnancial
      statements of all subsidiary and associates of the company in the prescribed format is annexed as Annexure-1 to this
      Report.
      The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and its subsidiary and associate company, prepared in compliance
      with the Companies Act, 2013 and applicable Accounting Standards forms a part of this Annual Report. The Standalone and
      Consolidated financial statement of the Company and its subsidiaries are available on website of the Company at: https://
      www.kolsite.com.

                                                                                              42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 19

===== PAGE 22 =====
      The Company funds it subsidiaries, from time to time in ordinary course of business and as per the funding requirements
      through securities, loan and/or other means to meet working capital requirements. In terms of the Company’s policy on
      determining “material subsidiary”, framed in accordance with Regulation 16(1)(c) of SEBI Listing Regulation, no company
      was determined as material subsidiary during the financial year ended March 31, 2025. The said policy on material
      subsidiaries is available on the website of the Company at https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/material-
      subsidiary-policy-2019_1.pdf.
14.   Material changes and commitments affecting financial position between the end of the financial year and date of
      the report.
      There are no material changes and commitments affecting the financial position of your Company, which have occurred
      between the end of the year and date of this report. Further, there has been no change in the nature of business of the
      Company.
15.   Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or Investments:
      Particulars of loans given, investments made, guarantees given and securities are provided in the notes to financial statement
      of the Standalone Financial of the Company.
16.   Public Deposits:
      Your Company has not accepted any deposits from public and as such, no amount on account of principal or interest was
      outstanding as on the date of the Balance Sheet.
17.   Related Party Transactions:
      All Related Party Transactions that were entered into during the Financial Year under review were on an arm's length basis,
      in the ordinary course of business. Prior omnibus approval of the Audit Committee is obtained for the transactions which
      are repetitive in nature. A statement of all Related Party Transactions is placed before the Audit Committee for its review
      on a quarterly basis, specifying nature, value, terms and conditions of the transactions. The details of the transactions
      with Related Parties are provided in the accompanying Financial Statements. There were no material transaction of the
      Company with any of its related parties, hence the disclosure under section 134(3)(h) of the Act in AOC-2 is not applicable.
      The Company has adopted a Policy on materiality of Related Party Transactions and dealing with the same, as approved by
      the Board of Directors. It is uploaded on the Company's website at: https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/RPT%20
      Policy_1.pdf
18.    Risk Management:
      The Company in accordance with the provisions of the Act has adopted a Risk Management Policy. The Company has
      identified the risks impacting the business and formulated policies for mitigation of risks.
      The Company has constituted a risk management committee under the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 21 of the
      SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The details of the Committee and its terms of
      reference are set out in the Corporate Governance Report forming part of this report.
      For the key business risks identified by the Company, please refer to the Management Discussion and Analysis annexed to
      this Report.
19.   Signiﬁcant and material orders:
      No Signiﬁcant Material Orders have been passed by the Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which would impact the going
      concern status of the Company and its future operations.
20.   Corporate Governance:
      The Company has put in place governance practice and has complied with the Corporate Governance requirements as per
      the SEBI Listing Regulations.
      A separate report on Corporate Governance as stipulated under SEBI Listing Regulations along with a Certificate of
      Compliance from the Statutory Auditors, forms part of this Annual Report.
21.   Board and Committee
      During the year, the Board met 5 (five) times, as detailed in the Corporate Governance Report. The intervening gap between
      the meetings was within the period prescribed under the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations and relevant relaxation
      granted from time to time.
      During the year under review, the Board has accepted the recommendation of the Audit Committee. Details of all the
      Committees of the Board is given in the Corporate Governance Report.
22.   Credit Rating
      Details of Credit Ratings obtained by the Company have been given in the Corporate Governance report, which forms part
      of integrated report.


20    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 23 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


23.   Management Discussion and Analysis:
      In terms of SEBI Listing Regulations, the Management Discussion and Analysis Report is appended to this Annual Report.
24.   Measures for prevention of sexual harassment at work place:
      The Company has in place a Policy on prevention of Sexual Harassment in line with the requirements of The Sexual
      Harassment of Women at the Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013. All employees (permanent,
      contractual, temporary, trainees) are covered under this policy. Internal Committee (IC) has been set up to redress complaints
      received regarding sexual harassment.
      There was no complaint of sexual harassment received during the year under review.
25.   Auditors and their Report
      Statutory Auditors
      M/s. Kirtane & Pandit LLP, Chartered Accountants (FRN : 105215W/W100057), the Statutory Auditor of the Company, was
      appointed for the term of five (5) years in the Annual General Meeting held on 19th July2024, till the conclusion of the 46th
      Annual General Meeting.
      The notes on the financial statements referred to in the Auditors’ Report are self-explanatory and do not call for any further
      comments. There is no audit qualiﬁcation, reservation or adverse remark in their Report for the year under review. During
      the year, the Statutory Auditors have not reported any instances of fraud committed against the Company by its oﬃcers or
      employees under Section 143(12) of the Act, the details of which would need to be mentioned under Section 134(3)(ca) of
      the Companies Act, 2013.
      Cost Auditors:
      M/s. Urvashi Kamal Mehta & Co., Cost Auditors, have conducted audit of Cost Accounting Records in respect of the Financial
      Year 2024-25 and report thereon shall be ﬁnalized and ﬁled as statutorily provided. The Board on recommendation of the
      Audit Committee has re-appointed M/s. Urvashi Kamal Mehta & Co., Cost Auditors for the FY 25-26. A remuneration of
      ₹1,32,000/- plus applicable taxes and out of pocket expenses payable to the Cost Auditors for conducting cost audit of the
      Company for FY 2025-26 as recommended by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board has to be ratified by the
      shareholders at the 42nd Annual General Meeting. The Company has maintained cost records as specified under section
      148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013.
      Secretarial Auditors and their Report:
      Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment
      and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and in accordance with the requirement of Regulation 24A of the
      SEBI (LODR), Regulation, 2015, and subject to approval of shareholders in AGM, the Board of Directors has appointed
      M/s. Bhandari & Associates, (Firm Registration Number: P1981MH043700) a ﬁrm of Company Secretaries in practice to
      undertake the Secretarial Audit for a period of five (5) consecutive financial year from FY 2025-26 to 2029-30.
      The Secretarial Audit Report in Form MR-3 for the said financial year is annexed to this Report as Annexure - 2. There is no
      other qualification, reservation or adverse remark in their report.
26.   Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR):
      The Board has constituted a Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, headed by Mr. S. V. Kabra as Chairman, as
      detailed in the Corporate Governance Report forming part of the Annual Report. The CSR Policy adopted in compliance with
      the provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 is uploaded on the Company's website at https://www.kolsite.com/
      uploads/investores/pdf/csr-policy.pdf
      During the year, the programmes/ initiatives / projects are taken up in line with the schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013,
      which are duly incorporated in CSR Policy and forms the guiding principle for all our initiatives.
      The annual report on CSR activities is annexed to this report as Annexure-3
27.   Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo:
      The information on conservation of energy, technology absorption and foreign exchange earnings and outgo as stipulated
      under Section 134(3)(m) of the Act read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is annexed as Annexure-4.
28.   Policy on Director's appointment and remuneration:
      The policy on Directors’ appointment and remuneration including determination of the qualification, independence of
      Directors and other matters provided under Section 178(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 forms part of the Remuneration
      Policy of the Company. A gist of the policy is available in the Corporate Governance Report. This policy is available on the
      Company’s website and can be accessed at https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/remuneration-policy.pdf
      It is aﬃrmed that the remuneration paid to the directors is as per the terms set out in the Remuneration Policy of the
      Company.




                                                                                              42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 21

===== PAGE 24 =====
29.    Vigil Mechanism & Whistle Blower Policy:
      The Company has framed a policy on Vigil Mechanism-Whistle Blower, enabling all the employees and other stakeholders
      of the Company to report any matter/activity on account of which the interest of the Company may be adversely aﬀected,
      as a Protected Disclosure. This Policy has been placed on the Company's website at: https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/
      investores/pdf/vigil-mechanism-whistle-blower-policy.pdf
      No complaint has been received during the year under review.
30.   Particulars of employees and remuneration:
      Disclosures with respect to the remuneration of Directors and employees as required under Section 197(12) of the Act read
      with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is annexed to this
      Annual Report as Annexure 5.
      Details of employee remuneration as required under provisions of Section 197 of the Act, and Rule 5(2) &5(3) of Companies
      (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, forms part of this report. As per the provisions of
      Section 136 of the Act, the reports and Financial Statements are being sent to shareholders of the Company and other
      stakeholders entitled thereto, excluding the Statement containing Particulars of Employees. Any shareholder interested in
      obtaining such details may write to the Secretarial Department at the registered office of the Company.
31.   Annual Return:
      The copy of Annual Return in Form No. MGT-7 for the year 2024-25 as per provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules
      thereto, is available on the Company’s website at https://www.kolsite.com/annual-general-meeting.php > 2025.
32.   Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report:
      Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(f) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
      initiatives taken from the environmental, social and governance perspective in the prescribed format is available on the
      Company’s website and can be accessed at https://kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/BRSR202425.pdf
33.   Transfers to the Investor Education and Protection Fund
      ‘Transfer of unclaimed/unpaid amount to the Investor Education and Protection Fund’ has been covered in the Corporate
      Governance Report forming part of the Annual Report
34.   Secretarial Standard
      During the year under review, the Company has complied with the applicable provisions of the Secretarial Standards issued
      by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
35.   Other Disclosures:
      No application has been made under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code; hence the requirement to disclose the details of
      application made or any proceeding pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code 2016 (31 of 2016) during the year
      along with their status at the end of the financial year is not applicable; and the requirement to disclose the details of the
      difference between the amount of the valuation done at the time of onetime settlement and the valuation done while taking
      a loan from the Banks or Financial Institutions along with the reasons thereof is not applicable.
36.   Acknowledgement:
      The Board of Directors wish to place on record its deep sense of appreciation for the committed services by all the employees
      of the Company. The Board of Directors would also like to express their sincere appreciation for the assistance and co-
      operation received from the Shareholders, Bankers, Government Authorities, Stock Exchanges, Customers, Suppliers and
      Business Associates at all levels during the year under review.




                                                                                                    For and on behalf of the Board
Place : Mumbai
Date : May 16, 2025                                                                                                  (S. V. Kabra)
                                                                                                               Executive Chairman
                                                                                                                  (DIN: 00015415)




22    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 25 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


                                                                                                                       Annexure-1
                                                           FORM AOC-1
              [Pursuant to first proviso to Section 129(3) read with Rule 5 of the Companies Accounts) Rules, 2014]

Statement containing salient features of the ﬁnancial statement of subsidiary / associate company
Part A: Subsidiary:
                                                                                                                         (` in Lakhs)
                         Name                                Kabra Mecanor          Varos Technology            Kabra Energy
                                                             Belling Technik            Pvt. Ltd                Private Limited
                                                                Pvt. Ltd*                                      (Formerly known as
                                                                                                              Kolsite Energy Private
                                                                                                                     Limited)#
Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if                              NA                        NA                       NA
different from the holding company's reporting period:
Share Capital                                                               100                      1.00                        0.1
Reserves & Surplus:                                                       50.84                  (265.68)                     (0.61)
Total Assets:                                                             92.42                    807.03                       0.00
Total Liabilities:                                                        43.26                    129.11                       0.52
Investments:                                                              79.46                         0                          0
Turnover                                                                       0                   372.99                          0
Profit before taxation:                                                     1.74                 (265.28)                     (0.21)
Provision for taxation:                                                       Nil                 (44.04)                         Nil
Profit after taxation:                                                      1.74                 (221.24)                     (0.21)
Proposed Dividend:                                                            Nil                     NIL                         Nil
Percentage of Shareholding                                              69.98 %                     100%                      100%
*# Kabra Macanor Belling Technik Private Limited, is accounted for as a Joint Venture in the Consolidated Financial Statements as
per Ind AS, pursuant to the JV agreement executed between the shareholders.
Part B: Associate:
Statement pursuant to Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Company :
 Name of    Latest            Shares of Associates      Description reason why         Net worth         Proﬁt / Loss for the year
Associate  Audited                                      of how there the   associate Attributable  to
                           Nos.    Amount of Extent of                                                Considered in         Not
 and date  Balance                investment Holding is signiﬁcant         is not    shareholding consolidation considered in
 on which Sheet Date                                     inﬂuence    consolidated     as  per latest
                                        in      %                                                      (₹ in Lakhs) consolidation
associated                                                                               audited
                                  Associates                                                                           (₹ in Lakhs)
                                                                                     Balance Sheet
                                  (₹ in Lakhs)
                                                                                      (₹ in Lakhs)
Penta Auto    31.03.2024 4,99,400     49.94    49.94 By virtue of     Consolidated       ₹277.19          ₹53.24           ₹53.37
Feeding                                                more than     till 05.02.2025
India Ltd.,                                            20% share-
Associate                                              holding
Company*

*Penta Auto Feeding India Limited ceased to be an associate of the Company with effect from 06th February, 2025 due to sale of
entire shareholding.

As per our report of even date                          For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
                                                        Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                                Shreevallabh Kabra                           Anand S Kabra
Chartered Accountants                                   Executive Chairman                           Managing Director
Firm Registration Number:105215W/ W100057               (DIN: 00015415)                              (DIN: 00016010)

CA. Suhrud Lele                                         Daulat Jain                                  Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                                 Chief Financial Officer                      Company Secretary
Membership No. 121162
Place: Mumbai                                                                                        Place: Mumbai
Date: May 16, 2025                                                                                   Date: May 16, 2025



                                                                                              42nd Annual Report 2024-25        | 23

===== PAGE 26 =====
                                                                                                                    Annexure-2
                                                 SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
                                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
                      [Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies
                            (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,
The Members,
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
CIN: L28900MH1982PLC028535

We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate
practices by Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (hereinafter called ‘the Company’). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that
provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained
by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the
conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial
year ended March 31, 2025 complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board
processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for
the financial year ended March 31, 2025 according to the provisions of:
i.     The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the Rules made thereunder;
ii.    The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and the Rules made thereunder;
iii.   The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
iv.    Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct
       Investment. The Company does not have any Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings during the
       financial year;
v.     The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI
       Act’):-
       a.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
       b.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 (‘Insider Trading
             Regulations’);
       c.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018#;
       d.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021#;
       e.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021#;
       f.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993
             regarding the Companies Act, 2013 and dealing with client;
       g.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021#;
       h.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018#; and
       i.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018;
             # The Regulations or Guidelines, as the case may be were not applicable to the Company for the period under review.
       The other Laws, Rules, Regulations and Guidelines as amended from time to time and as informed and identified by the
       Company which are specifically applicable to the Company is given below:
       i.    Battery Waste Management Rules, 2022;
       We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
       i.    Secretarial Standard 1 and 2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (‘ICSI’); and
       ii.   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
During the period under review, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines,
Standards, etc. mentioned above to the extent applicable.


24     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 27 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


We further report that, with regard to the laws, rules, regulations and guidelines specifically applicable to the Company as
mentioned above, we have relied on the written representation made by the management in this regard.
We further report that –
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors
and Independent Directors. There were no changes in the composition of the Board of Directors during the period under review.
Adequate notice was given to all Directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at
least seven days in advance for meetings other than those held at shorter notice and a system exists for seeking and obtaining
further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
During the period under review, decisions were carried through unanimously and no dissenting views were observed, while
reviewing the minutes.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations
of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
We further report that during the audit period, the Company has entered into an agreement on January 18, 2025 for the sale/
transfer/disposal of its 49.94% shareholding in Penta Auto Feeding India Limited (‘PENTA’) a Joint Venture and an Associate
Company and the said transaction was completed on February 06, 2025. Consequently, PENTA ceased to be a Joint Venture and
an Associate Company with effect from February 06, 2025.
                                                                                                        For Bhandari & Associates
                                                                                                               Company Secretaries
                                                                                         Unique Identification No.: P1981MH043700
                                                                                            Peer Review Certificate No.: 6157/2024


                                                                                                                 Saurabh Somani
                                                                                                                           Partner
                                                                                                    ACS No.: 69826; C P No.: 26495
Mumbai | May 16, 2025                                                                              ICSI UDIN: A069826G000357102
This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure ‘A’ and forms an integral part of this report


                                                                                                                       Annexure ‘A’
To,
The Members,
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
CIN: L28900MH1982PLC028535
Our Secretarial Audit Report for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1.   Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express
     an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2.   We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the
     correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are
     reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we follow provide a reasonable basis for our
     opinion.
3.   We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.
4.   Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules, regulations and
     happening of events etc.
5.   The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility
     of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6.   The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness
     with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
                                                                                                        For Bhandari & Associates
                                                                                                               Company Secretaries
                                                                                         Unique Identification No.: P1981MH043700
                                                                                            Peer Review Certificate No.: 6157/2024


                                                                                                                 Saurabh Somani
                                                                                                                           Partner
                                                                                                    ACS No.: 69826; C P No.: 26495
Mumbai | May 16, 2025                                                                              ICSI UDIN: A069826G000357102


                                                                                                42nd Annual Report 2024-25        | 25

===== PAGE 28 =====
                                                                                                                       Annexure-3

                   ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES FOR THE
                                                   FINANCIAL YEAR 2024-2025
                           [Report on Corporate Social Responsibility as per Rule 8 of the Companies
                                         (Corporate Social Responsibility) Rule, 2014]
1.   Brief outline on CSR policy of the Company :
     Kabra Extrusiontechnik Ltd. (KET) strives to be a socially responsible company and strongly believes in the development
     of society at large. The Company is committed to supporting social initiatives with a focus on socio-economic development,
     healthcare, education, women empowerment, animal welfare, etc. that measurably improve the quality of lives of the
     underprivileged & needy and benefit society at large.
     In compliance of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act), Schedule VII to the Act, Companies (Corporate Social
     Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, the Company has adopted a Policy on undertaking corporate social responsibility
     activities.
     The CSR Policy is available at: https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/csr-policy.pdf
2.   Composition of CSR committee
     The CSR Committee of the Board is responsible for overseeing the execution of the Company’s CSR Policy. The composition
     of the CSR Committee as on March 31, 2025 is as follows:
       Sl.        Name of Directors           Designation                               No of Meetings Held   Attendance of each
       No.                                                                                                         Director
        1        Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra      Chairman and Executive Director                    1                     1
           2     Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra      Non-Executive Director                             1                      1
           3     Mr. Bajranglal Bagra        Independent Director                               1                      1
           4     Mrs. Ekta Kabra             Managing Director                                  1                      1
3.   The web-link where composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Project approved by the Board are
     disclosed on the website of the Company.
     The web-links are as under:
     https://www.kolsite.com/board-committees.php
     https://www.kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/csr-policy.pdf
4.   Details of Impact Assessment of CSR Project carried out in presence of sub-rule (3) of Rule 8 of the Companies
     (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rule, 2014, if applicable:
     Not applicable, as the Company does not have average CSR obligation of ₹10 Crore or more in pursuance of Section 135(5)
     of the Companies Act, 2013 in the three immediate preceding financial years.

5.   (a)       Average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of Section 135                        : ₹4651.63 Lakhs
     (b)       Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of Section             : ₹93.03 Lakhs
     (c)       Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial : NIL
               years
     (d)       Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any                                   : NIL
     (e)       Total CSR Obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c) -(d)]                                     : ₹93.03 Lakhs

6.   (a)       Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project)             : ₹99.94 Lakhs
     (b)       Amount spent on Administrative Overheads                                                       : N.A.
     (c)       Amount Spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable                                               : N.A.
     (d)       Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a) + (b) +(c)]                                     : ₹99.94 Lakhs

     (e)       CSR Amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year: NIL

      Total Amount                                                Amount Unspent (₹ In Lakhs)
      Spent for the
      FY 2024-25            Total Amount transferred to Unspent Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule
      ₹ In Lakhs             CSR Account as per Section 135(6)       VII as per second proviso to Section 135(5)
                                  Amount           Date of Transfer         Name of Fund            Amount       Date of Transfer
               ₹99.94                                                            N. A

26   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 29 =====
Notice         | Statutory Reports       |    Financial Statements


     (f)        Excess amount for set-off, if any:
          Sl.      Particular                                                                                 Amount in ₹ In Lakhs
          No.
           1      Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5)                                                  93.03
           2      Total amount spent for the Financial Year                                                                               99.94
           3      Excess amount spent for the Financial Year [(ii)-(i)]                                                                    6.91
           4      Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the                                                     -
                  Previous FY, if any
           5      Amount available for set off in succeeding FY [(iii)-(iv)]                                                               6.91
7.   Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three Financial Years:
      1                2          3                  4             5                       6                        7                 8
      Sl. Preceding             Amount        Balance Amount    Amount       Amount transferred to a Fund         Amount        Deficiency, if
      No. Financial          transferred to   in Unspent CSR Spent in the    as specified under Schedule       remaining to          any
           Year(s)           Unspent CSR       Account under   Financial      VII as per second proviso to      be spent in
                            Account under     sub- section (6) Year (in ₹)     sub- section (5) of section      succeeding
                            sub-section (6)    of section 135                            135, if any          Financial Years
                            of section 135          (in ₹)                      Amount              Date of        (in ₹)
                                 (in ₹)                                           (in ₹)           Transfer
      1        2023-24       ₹4.33 Lakhs             Nil       ₹4.33 lakhs          NA                NA            NA               NA
                                                                 (24-25)
      2        2022-23       ₹6.06 Lakhs             Nil       ₹6.06 Lakhs        NA              NA                NA               NA
                                                                 (23-24)
      3        2021-22            Nil                Nil           Nil            NA              NA                NA               NA
               Total         ₹10.39 Lakhs            Nil      ₹10.39 Lakhs        NA              NA                NA               NA

8.   Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent
     in the Financial Year: No
9.   Specify the reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per subsection
     (5) of Section 135: N.A.


For and on behalf of the Board                                                                   For and on behalf of the CSR Committee


Sd/-                                                                                                                                 Sd/-
Anand Kabra		                                                                                                        Shreevallabh Kabra
Managing Director                                                                                              Chairman – CSR Committee
(DIN : 00016010)                                                                                                         (DIN : 00015415)

Date: May 16, 2025
Place : Mumbai




                                                                                                       42nd Annual Report 2024-25          | 27

===== PAGE 30 =====
                                                                                                                   Annexure- 4

Disclosure of Particulars with respect to conservation of energy, technology absorption and foreign exchange earnings
and outgo as prescribed under Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rule, 2014
A.   CONSERVATION OF ENERGY
1.   Steps taken or impact on conservation of energy;
     Sustainable Development and continuous improvement of Key Performance Indicators is of prime importance for the
     company. New technologies are being adopted to automate processes, reduce energy and water consumption, and improve
     safety. During the year under review, following Energy Conservation measures were taken by the Company:
     a.   Continuous efforts are being made by the production team for the conservation of energy and Process Optimisation to
          improve operational efficiency and appropriate steps are taken to reduce the consumption through efficiency in usage
          and timely maintenance and upgradation of energy saving devices.
     b.   Heating time for trials, testing etc., is strictly monitored and certain savings are generated, but total impact of this
          cannot be ascertained.
     c.   Impact of measures at (a) & (b) above, for reduction of energy consumption and consequent impact on the cost of
          production of goods: With the implementation of measures indicated in (a) above, it is expected that there would be a
          corresponding favourable impact on the energy cost per unit of production.
2.   Steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate sources of energy: During the year total 83,521 kwh units were
     utilized from Solar Energy
3.   The capital investment on energy conservative equipment’s: None during the year
B.   TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
Extrusion Division
1.   Efforts made towards technology absorption :
     New range of Pipe and Film plants and other new products, like drip lines have widened the range of products. The customers
     are beneﬁtted with better choice, aimed at lower cost of ownership, with increased productivity and reliability and lower
     power consumption.
2.   Benefits derived like product improvement, cost reduction, product development or import substitution :
     Continuous eﬀorts are being made to develop wide range of extrusion lines and allied products. Eﬀective implementation
     of key strategies will enable us to achieve long-term sustainable growth. Our focus is on investing more in science and
     technology and increasing reach in the most promising markets. With a wider, more innovative product portfolio, we shall be
     better equipped to withstand the challenges ahead of us in the short to medium term.
3.   In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the financial
     year) : Nil
4.   Expenditure incurred on research and development: ₹1116.62 Lakhs during the financial year 2024-25.
Geon Division
1.   Efforts made towards technology absorption and benefits:
     Geon, the Battery Manufacturing division of the Company has established a core research and development team for the
     development of Energy Storage Devices. The team has developed an indigenous range of Li-Ion battery packs to meet the
     needs of various customers. The development includes Battery packs for 2 Wheeler E-Bikes and E-Scooters, 3 Wheeler
     E- Rickshaws, High Voltage packs for light commercial vehicles (LCV), as well as charging and swapping stations with cloud
     connectivity. The team is also focusing over Modelling and Simulation of the Battery packs for performance assessment
     in advance, Lithium Ion Cell Electrochemistry & Characterization to meet the Quality parameters, Inhouse testing and
     Validation of the Battery Packs. The Company designed Battery Packs have given the option of customized solutions, better
     Performance with more safety features to the Customers.
     Geon has also started developing Battery Packs for Stationary Storage like Solar Plant Backup, DG Replacement, Home
     Backup etc.




28   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 31 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports     |   Financial Statements


2.   In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the financial
     year): Nil
3.   Expenditure incurred on research and development: ₹866.78 Lakhs during the financial year 2024-25.
C.   FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO :
     The details of foreign exchange earnings and outgo during the period under review as under:
                                                                                                               (₹ in Lakhs)

     Particulars                                                                             FY 24-25         FY 23-24

     Foreign Exchange earnings                                                                      6420.67        6901.68

     Foreign Exchange outgo                                                                        13866.86       17634.93




                                                                                         42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 29

===== PAGE 32 =====
                                                                                                                  Annexure-5
INFORMATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 197(12) READ WITH RULE 5(1) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND
REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014
1.   Ratio of remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of the company and percentage
     increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company Secretary or
     Manager, if any, in the Financial Year 24-25

       Sr.               Name             Designation                           Ratio of Remuneration     Percentage increase/
       No.                                                                       of Director to Median        (decrease) in
                                                                                     remuneration            remuneration

        1    Mr. Shreevallabh G Kabra     Executive Chairman                             16.26                    0%

        2    Mr. Anand S. Kabra           Vice Chairman & Managing Director              27.91                    0%

        3    Mrs. Ekta Kabra              Managing Director                              15.17                    0%

        4    Mr. Satyanarayan G. Kabra^   Non- Executive Director                         NIL                     NIL

        5    Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra@       Independent Director                             -                       -

        6    Mr. Boman Moradian    @
                                          Independent Director                             -                       -

        7    Mrs. Chitra Andrade   @
                                          Independent Director                             -                       -

        8    Mr. Utpal Sheth@             Independent Director                             -                       -

        9    Mr. Daulat Jain              CFO                                              -                     26.1%

       10    Mr. Atanu Maity              Chief Executive Officer                          -                     4.5%

       11    Ms. Shilpa Rathi             Company Secretary                                -                     7.7%

     @The Independent Directors of the Company are entitled to sitting fees for the Financial Year 24-25. The details of
     remuneration of Independent Directors are provided in the Corporate Governance Report.
     ^The other non-executive directors are not entitled to any remuneration.
2.   The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the Financial Year 24-25: 6.5%
3.   Number of permanent employees on the rolls of the company as on March 31, 2025 : 619
4.   Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the
     last financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification
     thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration:
     The average percentile increases already made in salaries of employee (other than managerial remuneration) was 6.5%.
5.   Affirmation that remuneration paid is as per remuneration policy of the Company :
     It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the remuneration policy of the Company.

                                                                                     For and on behalf of the Board of Directors


Place : Mumbai                                                                                                     S. V. Kabra
Date: May 16, 2025                                                                                         Executive Chairman
                                                                                                              (DIN: 00015415)




30   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 33 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports        |   Financial Statements



 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
I.    Global Economy Overview
      After a series of unprecedented events in recent years, global economic growth remained steady but subdued through 2024
      and was expected to follow a similar pattern in 2025. According to World Economic Outlook Report - April 2025, the global
      growth is forecasted to decline from an estimated 3.3 percent in 2024 to 2.8 percent in 2025, before edging up to 3 percent
      in 2026. These downward revisions are widespread across countries and are largely driven by the direct impact of new
      trade policies, as well as their indirect consequences—such as disruptions through trade linkages, rising uncertainty, and
      weakened market sentiment.
      Monetary Policy must stay proactive in addressing these multiple headwinds. With tariffs and supply chain disruptions in
      play, some countries may face sharper trade-offs between curbing inflation and supporting economic output. Additionally,
      inflation expectations could become less stable, especially with a fresh inflation shock occurring so soon after the previous
      one.


                                                                                              4.3
                                                                                                                  3.9
                                                                                                        3.7
                    3.3
                                          3
                              2.8

                                                         1.8
                                                                   1.4       1.5




                             World                         Advanced Economies          Emerging market and global economies

                                                          FY24    FY25p    FY26p


                          Source: International Monetary Fund’s World Economic Outlook – April 2025
      In advanced economies, growth under the baseline forecast is expected to decline from an estimated 1.8 percent in 2024
      to 1.4 percent in 2025, with a slight uptick to 1.5 percent in 2026. This downward adjustment reflects increased policy
      uncertainty, rising trade tensions, and weaker-than-expected demand, particularly due to slower consumption growth. Tariffs
      are also anticipated to dampen growth in 2026, which is projected at 1.7 percent amid modest private spending.
      For emerging market and developing economies, growth is forecast to slow to 3.7 percent in 2025 and 3.9 percent in 2026,
      down from an estimated 4.3 percent in 2024.
      The impact of newly implemented tariffs on inflation will vary across countries, depending on several factors. These include
      whether the tariffs are seen as short-term or long-lasting, how much firms adjust their profit margins to absorb higher import
      costs, and whether the imports are priced in U.S. dollars or local currency. The consequences will also differ from country
      to country. For those imposing tariffs, the measures act as a supply shock, reducing efficiency and raising production costs.
      Meanwhile, countries targeted by tariffs face a decline in export demand, resulting in a negative demand shock that puts
      downward pressure on prices. In both scenarios, increased trade uncertainty introduces an additional demand shock, as
      businesses and consumers delay investments and spending. This effect can be intensified by tighter financial conditions and
      greater volatility in exchange rates.
II.   INDIAN ECONOMY OVERVIEW
      Amid rising global trade tensions and ongoing geopolitical instability, the Indian economy has shown strong resilience and
      impressive growth. According to the Second Advance Estimates from the National Statistical Office (NSO), India’s GDP is
      projected to grow by 6.5% in the fiscal year 2025–26.
      According to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Policy update, the economic activity is expected to remain strong in 2025-
      26, driven by private consumption and increased fixed capital formation. Investment is likely to rise due to higher capacity
      utilization, improved corporate balance sheets, and government capital expenditure. While trade policy uncertainty may
      hinder export prospects, recent free trade agreements, particularly with the UK, are expected to boost trade. Agriculture
      is poised for growth, supported by a favourable monsoon forecast. The services sector is also anticipated to continue its
      momentum. However, ongoing geopolitical tensions and global trade and weather uncertainties present risks to growth.
      In 2025, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) reduced the repo rate to 6.00% and projected GDP growth at 6.7% for the fiscal
      year 2025-26, indicating a positive economic outlook supported by recent fiscal measures and stable inflation. The RBI
      anticipates inflation will decrease to 4.2% for FY26, aligning with its target of 4%. The Monetary Policy Committee noted that
      easing food inflation pressures will contribute to this overall decline.


                                                                                              42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 31

===== PAGE 34 =====
       India is set to maintain its position as the world’s fastest-growing major economy over the next two fiscal years. The World
       Bank’s Global Economic Prospects report forecasts a steady growth rate of 6.7% for both FY26 and FY27, significantly
       outpacing both global and regional peers.
       The International Monetary Fund’s World Economic Outlook (WEO) echoes this optimism, projecting India’s economy to
       expand by 6.5% in both 2025 and 2026—aligning with its previous estimates from October. This consistent outlook highlights
       India’s strong economic fundamentals and its ability to withstand global volatility.
       To support long-term growth and elevate its global economic standing, the Indian government has introduced a number
       of strategic initiatives. Programs such as the PM Gati Shakti National Master Plan for infrastructure, Startup India, and
       the Production Linked Incentive (PLI) Scheme are transforming key sectors like manufacturing, the digital economy, and
       financial services. These efforts reflect the Country’s commitment to building a self-reliant, resilient, and globally competitive
       economy.
       Crisil’s India Outlook also predicts a stable growth rate of 6.5% for FY26, supported by factors such as declining food inflation,
       tax incentives from the Union Budget 2025–2026, and lower interest rates, which are expected to enhance consumer
       spending. However, potential risks remain due to external factors, including the ongoing U.S. driven tariff conflicts.
       Since the landmark economic reforms of 1991, India has experienced consistent improvement in its growth trajectory each
       decade. The country bounced back strongly from the COVID-19 downturn, averaging 8.2% annual growth between FY22
       and FY25, and emerged as the world’s fourth-largest economy by surpassing Japan with a GDP of approximately USD
       4.19 trillion in 2025. While growth is now returning to pre-pandemic levels as the impact of fiscal stimulus and base effects
       diminish, high-frequency indicators such as the Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) suggest India continues to outperform
       other major economies.


                                                          India's Real GDP
            15.0

            10.0
                                            9.7                                    9.2
             5.0                                               7.6                                    6.5                 6.5
                       [VALUE]
             0.0
                        FY21               FY22               FY23                FY24                FY25               FY26P
            -5.0

         -10.0


                                          SOURCE: NSO (National Statistical Organisation)
III.   INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
       1.      Plastic Extrusion Machines Overview
               The global plastic extrusion machine market was valued at USD 6.9 billion in 2024 and is expected to grow by 3.9%
               year-over-year during the period 2025-30, reaching USD 10 billion by the end of 2030. Looking ahead, demand is
               projected to rise steadily, reaching USD 12 billion by 2035, with a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 4.7% over
               the forecast period from 2030 to 2035.
               The market is experiencing gradual expansion due to growing demand across various industries, including packaging,
               automotive, and construction. In response, manufacturers are broadening their product offerings to meet the rising
               need for high-quality plastic products.
               Trends in the Plastic Extrusion Machine Market: The primary driver of market growth is the increasing demand for
               extruded plastic products across a variety of end-use industries, such as consumer goods, packaging, automotive,
               and construction. Additionally, there is a noticeable shift toward automation in plastic manufacturing, aimed at
               boosting efficiency and productivity, which is fueling the adoption of plastic extrusion machines. Rising awareness
               of the advantages of plastic extrusion—particularly for producing precise, fixed cross-section components—is also
               contributing to greater market demand. Furthermore, the integration of advanced technologies, including artificial
               intelligence (AI), into extrusion systems is further propelling market growth.
               SOURCE: Plastic Extrusion Machines Market Size & Share 2024-2032 (imarcgroup.com), Plastic Extrusion Machine
               Market Size, Demand, Trends - 2032 (futuremarketinsights.com)
               Flexible Packaging (Blown Film)
               Flexible packaging incorporates a range of materials, including polymers, paper, films, aluminum foil, cellulose,
               bioplastics, and laminated films. The choice of material depends on specific packaging requirements such as barrier
               performance, sealing capability, durability, print quality, cost-efficiency, and environmental impact.


32     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 35 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports      |   Financial Statements


          Plastics remain the most widely used material in the industry due to their low cost, strength, resistance to moisture,
          versatility, effective barrier properties, and user-friendly nature.
          In 2024, the global flexible packaging market was valued at USD 290. billion and is projected to grow at a compound
          annual growth rate (CAGR) of 4.8% between 2025 and 2030. The rising use of flexible packaging in the medical
          and pharmaceutical industries is a key factor driving this growth. These packaging solutions offer several benefits,
          including versatility in container types, reduced raw material usage, ease of disposal, and lightweight design—all of
          which are expected to contribute to their increasing demand throughout the forecast period.
          Polymer Pipe Industry
          There has been a notable shift from metal to polymer pipes across various industries, particularly in plumbing and
          piping applications within the construction sector. CPVC pipes are gaining popularity for both hot and cold water
          plumbing, and their usage has seen robust growth.
          Globally, the plastic pipes market, valued at USD 56.5 billion in 2023 and is expected to grow by CAGR of 6.8% during
          2024-30 period.
          India ranks among the largest consumers of CPVC pipes and fittings. The government has launched ambitious
          initiatives like “Har Ghar Jal Yojna” and “Jal Jeevan Mission” to ensure tap water access for every rural household. A
          key milestone is the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM), which aims to provide tap water to all rural homes by 2027.
          As the demand for clean water increases in both residential and commercial projects, the need for plumbing pipes
          and fittings is expected to grow significantly. This surge in demand is driving the expansion of the PVC pipes and
          fittings market. Valued at approximately ₹ 450 billion in 2024, the sector is projected to exceed ₹500 billion by FY2025,
          growing at a CAGR of 10.8%.
          Union Budget 2025-26: Key Announcements for Plastics Extrusion Machine Manufacturers
          •    Support to Infrastructure
               The Government has earmarked INR 1.5 lakh crore and will offer 50-year interest free loans to states for capital
               expenditure and incentives for reforms.
          •    Jal Jeevan Mission
               The extension of Jal Jeevan Mission till 2028 is positive for the domestic pipe manufacturing industry.
          •    Urban Challenge Fund
               The government's establishment of INR 1 lakh crore Urban Challenge Fund demonstrates its commitment to
               sustainable urban development through initiatives like Cities as Growth Hubs and improved water and sanitation.
               This effort aims to enhance urban resilience and support the vision of Viksit Bharat.
    2.    Electric Vehicle and Allied Industries:
          India’s electric vehicle (EV) sector is undergoing a transformative phase, driven by a combination of policy support,
          environmental consciousness, and technological progress. Government initiatives, particularly the Faster Adoption and
          Manufacturing of Hybrid and Electric Vehicles (FAME) scheme, have been pivotal in encouraging EV adoption across
          the country. These efforts are reshaping India's transportation landscape by promoting cleaner, more sustainable
          mobility solutions and fostering innovation in automotive technologies.
          The Indian government has laid out ambitious targets for EV penetration by 2030, aiming for 30% of private car sales,
          70% of commercial vehicles, 40% of buses, and a staggering 80% of two-wheelers and three-wheelers to be electric.
          This vision translates to around 80 million EVs on Indian roads by the end of the decade. These targets are supported
          by a strong emphasis on indigenous manufacturing under the ‘Make in India’ initiative, which aims to achieve complete
          domestic production of EVs and reduce dependency on imports.
          The growth projections for the Indian EV market are equally impressive. According to a report by Fortune Business
          Insights, the Indian EV market is expected to soar from USD 23.38 billion in 2024 to USD 117.78 billion by 2032,
          reflecting a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 22.4%. This exponential growth is fueled not only by favorable
          government policies but also by increasing consumer awareness, improving EV infrastructure, and the entry of major
          domestic and international players into the market.
          Mirroring the rise of EVs globally, the Indian EV battery market is also witnessing substantial growth. It is projected to
          grow from USD 2.22 billion in 2023 to USD 13.89 billion by 2033. The increasing demand for efficient and sustainable
          battery technologies is driving investment in battery manufacturing and innovation. As India pushes toward its
          electrification goals, the development of a robust battery supply chain will be crucial to ensuring the long-term success
          and scalability of its EV ecosystem.




                                                                                             42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 33

===== PAGE 36 =====
           EV Sales Comparison

                             Category                            FY24                       FY25                  YoY Change

            E-2 Wheelers                                                 9,48,518                  11,49,422                   21.2%

            E-3 Wheelers                                                 6,32,806                   6,99,063                   10.5%

            E-4 Wheelers                                                  91,506                    107,645                    17.6%

            E-CV                                                           8,494                      8,844                     4.1%

            Grand Total                                                 16,81,324                  19,64,975                   16.9%

           SOURCE: FADA
           The EV sales in India neared the 2 million annual sales mark for the first time in FY25. The EV sales grew by 16.9%
           YoY to 19,64,974 units in FY25 fueled by government initiatives and new launches. The E-2 Wheelers surpassed the
           1 million mark for the first time, growing by 21.2% YoY to 11,49,422 units in FY25. However, the E-2 Wheelers share in
           total EV sales grew by 208 bps YoY to 58.5% in FY25. The E-3 Wheelers sales surged by 10.5% YoY to 6,99,063 units
           in FY25. The E-3 Wheelers share in total EV sales contracted by 206 bps YoY to 35.6% in FY25. The E-4 Wheelers
           sales grew by 17.6% YoY to 1,07,645 units in FY25. The E-4 Wheelers share in total EV sales stood flat at 5.4% in
           FY25. E-CV sales grew by 4.1% YoY to 8,844 units in FY25. E-Buses share in total EV sales stood 0.5% in FY25.
           Government Initiatives: Key Announcements for EV Industry
           Strengthened Government Commitment and Tax Incentives: The Indian government has reiterated its goal of achieving
           30% electric mobility by 2030. In line with this mission, the Union Budget announced customs duty exemptions on
           imported capital goods and machinery used for manufacturing lithium-ion batteries, which are essential components
           of electric vehicles (EVs).
           Proposal to Replace Diesel Buses: The government is planning to replace 800,000 diesel-powered buses, which make
           up over one-third of all buses on Indian roads, with electric alternatives within seven years. This transition, potentially
           under a new PM E-Drive Scheme framework, aims to cut emissions and encourage significant investment in EV
           infrastructure.
           National Critical Mineral Mission: The government announced exemption of basic custom duty on cobalt powder and
           waste, the scrap of lithium-ion battery, lead, zinc and 12 more critical minerals. It will prompt MSMEs to take a leap of
           faith into battery manufacturing. The government has allocated ₹490 crore towards National Critical Mineral Mission in
           the Union Budget 2025-26.
           Production-linked incentive (PLI) Scheme for National Programme on Advanced Chemistry Cell (ACC) Battery Storage:
           In order to aster Adoption and Manufacturing of Electric Vehicles in India boost local manufacturing, the Production-
           linked incentive (PLI) Scheme for National Programme on Advanced Chemistry Cell (ACC) Battery Storage has been
           increased from ₹15.4 crore to ₹155.8 crore as per Union Budget 2025-26.
           Launch of PM E-DRIVE Scheme: The Ministry of Heavy Industries has introduced the PM E-DRIVE Scheme, backed
           by ₹10,900 crore (US$ 1.28 billion). This initiative aims to strengthen India's electric vehicle ecosystem, promote
           e-mobility, and reduce the nation's reliance on fossil fuels.
IV.   Company Overview
      Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (KET), a leading player in India's plastic extrusion sector, is a part of the prestigious Kolsite
      Group. With over six decades of industry experience, a track record of more than 15,000 successful installations, and a global
      footprint spanning over 100 countries, KET holds a dominant position in the extrusion marketplace. KET is committed to
      continuously innovating and delivering superior solutions to plastic processors worldwide. Leveraging cutting-edge research
      and development along with diverse process enhancements, Kabra Extrusiontechnik has established high standards in the
      plastics extrusion field.
      Geon (erstwhile Battrixx), a Battery division of KET, focuses on creating and manufacturing sustainable energy systems
      and technologies critical for India’s progression towards green energy storage and e-Mobility. Operating from its high-tech
      facilities in Chakan, Pune, the brand asserts its excellence through its pioneering offering – sophisticated lithium-ion battery
      packs and modules designed for electric vehicles.




34    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 37 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports      |   Financial Statements


A.   Key Strengths
     1.    Strong Parentage: KET is a part of Kolsite group which enjoys a legacy of
           60 years. Kolsite group has 8 state-of-art manufacturing plants across the          Customized
                                                                                                Solutions
           nation. It has annual turnover of ~INR 1,500 crores led by ~2,000 skilled
           professionals.
     2.    Competitive Market Position: KET's competitive positioning lies in its                                        KETs Edge
           understanding of the indigenous markets with strong client relationship,
           coupled with continuous efforts towards enhancing its technological expertise.
                                                                                               Continuously
           KET enjoys market leadership status in the extrusion market with ~40%              Introduce New
                                                                                                 Products
           market share in its product category as on FY25. The Company has a strong
           brand loyalty and wide customer base in the 100+ export markets.
     3.    Technical Collaboration: KET believes in continuous innovation with strong technology partnership.

           Company                                                             Purpose
           Battenfeld-Cincinnati       Technical tie-up with Battenfeld-Cincinnati since 1983 for pipe and profile machinery
           Extron Mecanor              JV with Extron Mecanor, Finland in October 2016 to provide an integrated approach to
                                       pipe producers by offering pipe socketing and belling solutions

     4.    R&D Focussed Approach: KET has one of the largest R & D team in the
           Plastics Machinery Industry with qualified engineers working in different
                                                                                                               Wide Choice
           areas of processing, manufacturing, application development, design,                                of Products
           controls and automation. KET has added new range of Pipe and Film
           plants and other new products.
     5.    Diversification into Battery Management System (BMS): Geon, KET’s
           Battery Division offers advanced lithium-ion battery packs with smart                                 KET's
                                                                                                                                      Low
                                                                                         Low Power              Customer
           BMS both for electric vehicles and other energy storage applications.        Consumption              Centric            Ownership
                                                                                                                                      Cost
           In FY22, KET fully acquired Varos Technology, a Pune-based company                                   Approach

           specializing in the development of comprehensive battery management
           systems. These systems utilize cloud-powered AI analytics to forecast
           battery lifespan and track their performance.
                                                                                                                Increased
     6.    Geon Technical Edge: End to end inhouse Design, validation-Testing &                               Productivity &
                                                                                                                Reliability
           Manufacturing of Truck, Bus, Passenger Car, LCV, 3W, 2W, ESS, Home
           Inverter, C&I, Golf cart, etc Batteries as per Customer Expectation.



                                                                                                   Energy as
                                               Battery                 Connected
                        Data                                                                       a Service
                                             Management                Swapping
                      Analytics                                                                   to Charging
                                              Systems                   Stations
                                                                                                    Stations


                                               Geon’s Capabilities in EV Landscape
     7.    Staying ahead of the Curve: Geon culture to constantly innovate and the ability to partner with global innovators is
           helping the Company to stay ahead of the curve. Geon innovation remains relevant making their product market ready,
           thereby providing differentiation to our esteemed consumers. Geon commitment towards constant innovation and
           thrust for end-customer delight makes us the preferred supply of choice from EV OEMs. GEON supplying batteries and
           having strong business relationship with different advanced chemistry cell suppliers, BESS Container suppliers, BMS
           (Battery management system), Design consultants. At the same time having reach to advanced & Future technologies
           available in these field.
     B.    Financial Performance Snapshot

           Particulars (in ₹ Cr)                              F24                       F25                          Change (in %)
           Revenue                                            608                       477                                (21.5%)
           Gross Profit                                       184                       186                                  1.2%
           Gross Profit margin %                            30.3%                      38.9%                               868 bps
           EBITDA                                             61                         52                                (14.5%)



                                                                                              42nd Annual Report 2024-25                 | 35

===== PAGE 38 =====
           Particulars (in ₹ Cr)                               F24                      F25                 Change (in %)
           EBITDA margin %                                  10.0%                     10.9%                      90 bps
           EBIT                                                52                       45                      (14.2%)
           PAT                                                 32                       34                         6.9%
           PAT margin %                                       5.2%                     7.2%                     190 bps
          KET’s revenues stood at ₹ 477 crores in FY25. The revenue mix of Extrusion Business: Battery Division stood at 74:26
          in FY25 as against 57:43 in FY24. The Company’s EBITDA stood at ₹ 52 crores. EBITDA margin stood at 10.9% in
          FY25. KET’s PAT stood at ₹ 32 crores. PAT margin stood at 6.8% during FY25.
     C.   Key Financial Ratios
          In accordance with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing
          Regulations”) and the Company is required to give details of significant changes (change of 25% or more) as compared
          to the immediately previous financial year) in key sector-specific financial ratios.

           Particulars                             % Change          Reasons for Variation
           Debtors Turnover                         (13.90%)
           Inventory Turnover                        (33.60)         Due to Increase in Inventory and lower sale
           Interest Coverage Ratio                    0.28%
           Current Ratio                            (14.50%)
           Debt Equity Ratio                         42.30%          Due to increase in Borrowings towards working capital
           Operating Profit Margin                    9.00%
           Net Profit Margin                         36.30%          On a/c of exceptional item
           Return on Capital Employed                (7.10%)
     D.   Business Outlook
          Extrusion Division: Kabra Extrusiontechnik has adeptly responded to market changes and raw material fluctuations,
          achieving notable success in high-output, low-thickness multilayer and barrier film segments over the past year. This
          progress, driven by internal R&D and strategic partnerships, includes a focus on bio-compostable films in collaboration
          with select customers. Looking ahead, Kabra plans to enhance its film plants for greater outputs and widths, targeting
          specific high-demand applications, which will necessitate significant R&D investments. As a trusted industry leader,
          Kabra is committed to delivering innovative solutions that meet diverse market needs, including energy efficiency and
          compatibility with recyclable materials. With ongoing investments in manufacturing and talent, the company is well-
          positioned to capitalize on anticipated growth in the pipe industry.
          Geon Division: Geon, the Battery Division of KET focused on advanced lithium-ion battery packs and modules for
          electric vehicles, is gaining traction from EV OEMs. Geon has already forayed into E-3 Wheelers and Battery swapping
          in FY25 and is actively pursuing new industry segments, including E-Low Commercial Vehicles, E-4 Wheelers etc. in
          the upcoming fiscal year. With the increasing confidence of consumer on Electric vehicles, overall industry numbers
          are growing.
          In parallel, the development of Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) is gaining momentum as a crucial component
          in the transition to renewable energy. BESS technology enables the efficient storage and management of energy
          generated from renewable sources, such as solar and wind, ensuring a stable and reliable power supply. As the demand
          for sustainable energy solutions grows, Geon’s investments in BESS are expected to increase, driving innovation and
          enhancing grid resilience while supporting the integration of electric vehicles into the energy ecosystem. Geon aspires
          to be a key player in the BESS arena in the coming years.
     E.   Risks and Challenges
          The operational dynamics of the Company are subject to fluctuations driven by numerous factors including the risk
          of technology becoming outdated, unforeseen events like the Covid-19 pandemic, geopolitical matters, trade wars,
          market volatility, intensifying competition, import pressures, and challenges from the unorganized sector, all of which
          could potentially impact the Company’s future business performance and profit margins. To address this, the Company
          has implemented a risk identification and mitigation strategy. This entails the pinpointing of major risks by business
          units and functional areas, with the intention of deploying a variety of countermeasures over time to effectively manage
          these risks on an ongoing basis.




36   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 39 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


           The Company is prepared to offer technological solutions to emerging challenges, such as processing reusable,
           recyclable, or compostable plastics, as well as non-toxic, Lead-Free stabilizers by enhancing the current infrastructure
           of its client base. Furthermore, the business has broadened its focus into the Energy Storage Systems (ESS) sector,
           aiming to diversify beyond reliance on a single market segment. Capitalizing on its capacity to embrace and apply
           novel technologies, the Company plans to produce cutting-edge Lithium-ion Battery Packs that come with integrated
           Battery Management Systems (BMS), marketed under the “GEON” brand. This initiative is poised to contribute to
           India's shift towards sustainable energy storage solutions and the electrification of transportation.
V.    Internal Control System and Their Adequacy
      The Company's internal audit system is geared towards ensuring adequate internal controls commensurate with the
      size complexity and needs of the business, with the objective of efficient conduct of operations through adherence to the
      Company's policies, identifying areas of improvement, evaluating the reliability of financial statements, ensuring compliance
      with applicable laws and regulations and safeguarding of assets from unauthorized use. The Company has appointed two
      firms of Chartered Accountants as Internal Auditors in compliance of Section 138 of the Companies Act, 2013 to conduct
      internal audit of functions and activities of its two distinct divisions. They report on quarterly basis to the Company on their
      findings. The Report is reviewed by the Audit Committee Members and Statutory Auditors.
VI.   Human Capital
      The Company continues to maintain cordial and peaceful industrial relations facilitating smooth manufacturing activities. The
      programmes aiming at leadership development and upgradation with advancing technology on all fronts were conducted
      during the year. Our human capital strength stood at 619 including Workers, Staff and Executives as on 31st March 2025.
      Cautionary Statement
      Actual performance may differ from projections made, as the Company's operations are subject to various economic
      conditions, government regulations, natural calamities and other incidental factors over which the Company may not have
      any direct / indirect control.




                                                                                         For and on behalf of the Board of Directors


Place : Mumbai                                                                                                          S. V. Kabra
Date: May 16, 2025                                                                                              Executive Chairman
                                                                                                                   (DIN: 00015415)




                                                                                               42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 37

===== PAGE 40 =====
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
A compliance report on Corporate Governance is included in this Annual Report in compliance of Regulation 34(3) read with
Schedule V - Part C appended to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and amendments
thereto (hereinafter termed as “Listing Regulations”).
1.    Company's Philosophy on Code of Governance:
      The basic philosophy of Corporate Governance of the Company is to achieve business excellence and dedicate itself
      to increasing long-term shareholders value, keeping in view the need and interest of all its stakeholders, viz. customers,
      shareholders, employees, regulatory bodies, vendors, bankers, etc.
2.    Board of Directors:
      Composition and size of the Board:
      The Company has an optimal combination of Executive, Non-Executive and Independent Directors to maintain the
      independence of the Board from the management, which is in conformity with the requirement of Section 149(4) of the
      Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations.
      The Board of Directors of the Company comprises of 8 (Eight) Directors, with 3 (Three) Whole-time Executive Directors and
      5 (Five) are Non-Executive Directors, of which 4 (Four) are Independent Directors, including a woman independent director.
      The Board is headed by Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra, Executive Chairman.
      During the year under review, there was no change in composition of Board of Directors since the closure of last financial
      year.
      The current strength of the Independent Directors on the Board is half of the Board of Directors. Independent Directors
      contributed to the deliberation and decision making process in the meetings. They are acknowledged as leading professionals
      in their respective ﬁelds.
      Board Meetings and attendance:
      During the Financial Year 2024-25, Five (5) Board Meetings were held on May 03, 2024, July 19, 2024, August 13, 2024,
      October 23, 2024 and February 03, 2025. The gap between two meetings did not exceed one hundred and twenty days as
      stipulated under Section 173(1) of the Act and Regulation 17(2) of the Listing Regulations and the Secretarial Standards
      on the Meeting of Board of Directors issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. The necessary quorum was
      present for all the meetings.
      In case of business exigencies, the Board’s approval was taken through circular resolution/s. The circular resolution/s were
      noted at the subsequent Board Meeting.
      The composition of the Board, directorships/committee membership position in other companies as on year ended March
      31, 2025, number of meetings held and attended during the year are as follows:
       Sr. Name of the Director &             Attendance at                 As on March 31, 2025     No. of shares Directorship
       No Category                                                                                    held along     in other
                                            Board   Last AGM    Number of               Number of
                                                                                                     with %  to the   Listed
                                           Meetings  held on      External            Memberships/
                                                                                                     paid-up  share Companies
                                            during  19.07.2024 Directorships        Chairmanships in
                                          FY2024-25                held #          Board Committees     capital
                                                                                        across all       of the
                                                                                     the Companies*   Company ^
                                                                                   Member Chairman
       1.   Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra             5         Yes           6              1            -    ^12,49,270         1
            Executive                                                                                     3.57 %
       2.   Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra             4         Yes           3              2            -       2000            1
            Non - Executive                                                                               0.01%
            Non Independent
       3.   Mr. Anand Kabra                    5         Yes           5              1            -     63,64,055         -
            Executive                                                                                     18.20%
       4.   Mrs. Ekta Kabra                    3         No            3               -           -     31,57,966         -
            Executive                                                                                      9.03%
       5.   Mr. Utpal Sheth                    4         Yes           14             2            1         Nil           5
            Non - Executive Independent
       6.   Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra              5         Yes           4              4            3        Nil            1
            Non - Executive Independent
       7.   Mr. Boman Moradian                 5         Yes           4              1            -        Nil            -
            Non - Executive Independent
       8.   Mrs. Chitra Andrade                5         Yes           2              1            -        Nil            -
            Non - Executive Independent
     # includes directorships held in all the Companies, i.e. Private and Public Limited Companies and Foreign Companies.
     ^ As per date of this report.
     * A Committee Member or Chairman of the Audit and Stakeholders Relationship Committee in all public limited companies,
     whether listed or not.

38   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 41 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


     None of the Directors on the Board hold the office of Director in more than 20 Companies, including 10 public companies, as
     disclosed under Section 165 of the Act read with rules framed thereunder. Further, pursuant to the disclosure made under
     Section 184 of the Act read with applicable rules, none of the Independent Director serve as Independent Director in more
     than 7 listed companies and none of the of the Independent Directors are Whole Time Director / Managing Director in more
     than 3 listed companies, in compliance with the applicable provision of Listing Regulation.
     Further, none of the Whole Time Director of the Company serve as Independent Director in more than 3 listed companies.
     In accordance with Regulation 26 of SEBI Listing Regulations, none of the Directors on the Board are Members on more
     than ten (10) committees or Chairman of more than ﬁve (5) committees across all the Public Companies in which they are
     Directors. The necessary disclosures in this regard, as required under the Act and Listing Regulations have been made by
     them.
     Inter-se Relationship among Directors
     Except those mentioned below, none of the directors of your Company are related to each other:
     •    Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra is related to Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra (Brother), Mr. Anand Kabra (Son) and Mrs. Ekta Kabra
          (daughter in law)
     •    Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra is related to Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra (Brother),
     •    Mr. Anand Kabra is related to Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra (Father) and Mrs. Ekta A. Kabra (Spouse)
     •    Mrs. Ekta Kabra is related to Mr. Anand Kabra (Spouse) and Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra (Father in law)
     Confirmation on the Independence of the Independent Directors
     All the Independent Directors have furnished declarations stating they meet the criteria of independence as laid down in the
     Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations. The Board of Directors hereby confirms that in their opinion, the Independent
     Directors fulfill the conditions specified in the Listing Regulations and are Independent of the Management.
     The Company has a familiarisation programme for its Independent Directors and other Non-Executive Directors. The
     details of such familiarisation programmes for Independent Director(s) can be accessed on the Company's website at
     https://kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/Familarisation%20Prog-2024-25.pdf
     Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment
     The details of Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment, if any, forms part of the notice of the 42nd Annual General
     Meeting.
3.   COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
     In compliance with the statutory requirements, the Board has constituted various committees. The terms of reference of
     these committees are determined by the Board and their relevance is reviewed from time to time.
a)   Audit Committee
     Terms of Reference in brief
     The terms of reference of this Committee are wide enough covering the matters speciﬁed for Audit Committee, pursuant to
     Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and said Regulations, inter-alia, including the following:
     •    Overseeing of the Company's ﬁnancial reporting process and disclosure of ﬁnancial information and ﬁnancial / risk
          management policies;
     •    Review of Quarterly Financial Results and Annual Financial Statements, ensuring compliance with regulatory guidelines
          and Auditor's Report thereon;
     •    Review of the adequacy of Internal Control Systems, discussion on signiﬁcant Internal Audit ﬁndings, including internal
          control and weakness, if any, and Risk Management.
     •    Recommend appointment, removal of Statutory Auditors, Cost Auditors, Internal Auditors, Secretarial Auditors, & their
          remuneration.
     •    Review Management Discussion & Analysis of ﬁnancial condition and the Company's Financial Results.
     •    Review areas of operation of Internal Audit team & their performance.
     •    Review and approval of material Related Party Transactions and subsequent modiﬁcation(s) thereto.
     •    Review and approve appointment of CFO or any other person heading the Finance function.
     •    Review and monitor the auditor's independence & performance and eﬀectiveness of audit process.
     •    Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments.
     •    Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever necessary.
     •    Review utilization of loans & advances from/investment by the holding company in the subsidiary company(ies);
     •    Review compliance with the provisions of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 and verify that the
          systems for internal control are adequate and are operating eﬀectively.

                                                                                           42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 39

===== PAGE 42 =====
     •     Review quarterly statement of deviation(s) including report of monitoring agency, if applicable, submitted to Stock
           Exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 32.
     Audit Committee Composition:
     In compliance with Section 177 of Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Meeting of Board and its Powers) Rules,
     2014 and the said Regulations, Audit Committee has been constituted comprising of Three(3) Directors, who are eminent
     professionals having expert knowledge in the ﬁeld of Finance, Accounts, Corporate Law and Business Management.

      Name of Members          Status                          Qualiﬁcation           Position in Committee    Meetings Attended
      Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra    Non - Executive Independent     M.Com, F.C.A           Chairman                          4
      Mrs. Chitra Andrade      Non - Executive Independent     B.com, PGDBM           Member                            4
      Mr. Boman Moradian       Non - Executive Independent     PG in Management and   Member                            4
                                                               BE (Mech)
     Meetings:
     The Audit Committee meetings were held Four (4) times during the Financial Year 2024-25 on May 03, 2024, July 19, 2024,
     October 23, 2024 and February 03, 2025.
     Quorum of the Committee is two (2) Independent Directors as Members.
     The Chief Financial Oﬃcer is permanent invitee at the meetings. Apart from him, these meetings were also attended by
     CEO, Internal Auditors and Statutory Auditors on invitation. Members of the Senior Management Team are also invited to
     attend meetings on discussion requiring their expertise or insights.
     The Company Secretary acts as a Secretary to the Audit Committee.
     Minutes of each Audit Committee Meeting are placed before and noted by the Board.
b)   Nomination and Remuneration Committee:
     The composition of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is in line with Section 178(1) of Companies Act, 2013 and
     Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations
     Meetings:
     During the Financial Year 2024-25, Two (2) meetings of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee were held on May
     03, 2024 and August 13, 2024. The requisite quorum was present at all the meetings of the Committee. Minutes of each
     Nomination and Remuneration Committee Meeting are placed before and noted by the Board.
     In case of business exigencies, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee’s approval was taken through circular
     resolution/s. The circular resolution/s were noted at the subsequent Nomination and Remuneration Committee Meeting.
     The details of attendance of Members for the said meeting(s) are as follows:

      Name of Members          Status                          Qualiﬁcation           Position in Committee    Meetings Attended
      Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra    Non - Executive Independent     M.Com, F.C.A           Chairman                          2
      Mrs. Chitra Andrade      Non - Executive Independent     B.com, PGDBM           Member                            2
      Mr. Boman Moradian       Non - Executive Independent     PG in Management and   Member                            2
                                                               BE (Mech)
      The Company Secretary acts as the secretary of the Committee.

     Terms of Reference:
     The terms of reference of the Committee is as follows:
     •     formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director and
           recommend to the board of directors a policy relating to, the remuneration of the directors, key managerial personnel
           and other employees;
     •     formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of independent directors and the board of directors;
     •     devising a policy on diversity of board of directors;
     •     identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior management in
           accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the board of directors their appointment and removal;
     •     whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on the basis of the report of
           performance evaluation of independent directors;
     •     recommend to the board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior management;
     •     To carry out any other function as is mandated by the Board from time to time and/ or enforced by any statutory
           notification, amendment or modification, as may be applicable;
     •     To perform such other functions as may be necessary or appropriate for the performance of its duties.

40   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 43 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports      |     Financial Statements


     Board Evaluation:
     Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Regulation 17(10) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
     Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the Board of Directors has carried out an annual
     evaluation of its own performance, the performance of various Committees, and individual Director.
     The evaluation process aimed to assess the effectiveness of the Board and its Committees in discharging their
     responsibilities and to identify areas for improvement. The evaluation of the Board was carried out based on criteria such as
     Board composition, structure, diversity, experience and competencies of Board members, effectiveness of Board processes,
     information flow, decision-making, and overall functioning of the Board.
     The performance of the Committees was evaluated on the basis of factors including composition, effectiveness of meetings,
     adequacy of terms of reference, and reporting to the Board. The evaluation of individual Directors (including Independent
     Directors) was based on parameters such as attendance, participation, preparedness, contribution at meetings, and
     engagement in the governance of the Company.
     Remuneration Policy and details of remuneration to all the Directors:
     Non-Executive Directors were paid sitting fee of ₹40,000/- for attending each Board Meeting and Audit Committee Meeting.
     And ₹15,000/- for attending other Committee meetings and Independent Director Meetings. Total Sitting Fees paid to Non-
     Executive Directors during the Financial Year 2024-25 was ₹14,50,000 /-. Non-Executive Directors were not paid any
     remuneration except sitting fees.
     Overall remuneration paid during Financial Year 2024-25 to the Directors:
                                                                                                                             (₹ in Lakhs)
     Name of Director                                     Salary            Other Perquisites*       Sitting fees           Total

     Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra                                         78.62                48.75                      -               127.37

     Mr. Anand Kabra                                               124.33                80.69                      -               205.02

     Mrs. Ekta Kabra                                                69.12                49.77                      -               118.89

     Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra                                             -                     -                     -                    -

     Mr. Utpal Sheth                                                    -                     -                 1.75                  1.75

     Mrs. Chitra Andrade                                                -                     -                 4.05                  4.05

     Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra                                              -                     -                 4.35                  4.35

     Mr. Boman Moradian                                                 -                     -                 4.35                  4.35

     * includes HRA, Contribution to Provident Fund, Superannuation Fund etc.
     Note: Above remuneration is excluding contribution to Group Gratuity Scheme. The Company has not granted Stock Option
     Scheme to any of its Directors. The Company does not have any Pension Scheme.
     Apart from receiving the sitting fee and reimbursement of expenses incurred in the discharge of their duties, none of the
     Non-Executive Directors have any pecuniary relationships or transactions with the Company.
     The criteria for making payments to the Non-Executive Directors is posted onto website of the Company at
     https://kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/criteria-of-making-payments-to-non-executive-directors.pdf
c)   Stakeholders Relationship Committee:
     The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee has been constituted in accordance with the provisions of section 178 of the
     Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 20 of the Listing Regulations. The Committee comprises of Three Members out
     of which two are Executive Director and one is Non-Executive Independent Director. The Chairman is Non-Executive
     Independent Director.
     The Company Secretary is the Compliance Officer of the Company and Secretary to the Committee.
     During the year 2024-25, the Stakeholders relationship committee that also acts as Share Transfer Committee met one
     time on April 29, 2024. The requisite quorum was present in the meeting.
     The composition of the Stakeholder Relationship Committee and attendance at its meeting held during the year is as follows:
     Name of Members                  Status                                 Position in Committee            No. of Meeting attended
     Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra            Non - Executive Independent                  Chairman                             1
     Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra           Executive                                     Member                              1
     Mr. Anand Kabra                  Executive                                     Member                              1

     The Chairman of the Committee was present at the AGM of the Company held on July 19, 2024.


                                                                                                  42nd Annual Report 2024-25         | 41

===== PAGE 44 =====
     Terms of Reference in brief:
     •     enquiring into and redressing complaints of Shareholders and Investors and resolving the grievances of security
           holders of the Company, regarding transfer of shares by way of transmission, name deletion, etc, non-receipt of
           Dividend warrants and Annual Reports, etc;
     •     review of measures taken for eﬀective exercise of voting rights by shareholders; review of adherence to the service
           standards adopted by the Company in respect of various services being rendered by the Registrar & Share Transfer
           Agent;
     •     review of the measures taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely
           receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the Company;
     •     To carry out any other function as is mandated by the Board from time to time and/ or enforced by any statutory
           notification, amendment or modification, as may be applicable;
     •     To perform such other functions as may be necessary or appropriate for the performance of its duties.
     Compliance Officer:
     Ms. Shilpa Rathi, Company Secretary, is the Compliance Officer. Her contact details are:
     Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
     Address: 1001, Fortune Terraces, 10th Floor, B Wing, Opp. Citi Mall New Link Road, Andheri West, Mumbai- 400053
     Email Id : ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com
     Nature & Status of Shareholders Correspondence:
     All the requests / correspondence received during the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025, were duly addressed by the
     Company and / or its Registrar & Transfer Agent, MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India
     Private Limited). No queries are pending for resolution as of March 31, 2025, except where they are constrained by dispute
     or legal impediments or due to incomplete or non-submission of documents by the Shareholders. During the year no investor
     complaints were received.
     All attempts are made to redress the grievances of the shareholders to their satisfaction. All valid requests for transfers,
     transmission, transposition, etc. have been processed and no complaint was pending in respect thereof as of March 31,
     2025.
d)   Risk Management Committee:
     The Risk Management Committee of the Company is constituted in line with the provisions of Regulation 21 of the Listing
     Regulations and has been entrusted with the responsibility to assist the Board in (a) monitoring the Company’s Risk
     Management Framework; (b) reviewing the Risk Management Plan and ensuring its effectiveness and (c) Overseeing all
     the risks that the organization faces such as strategic, financial, liquidity, security, regulatory, legal and other risks that have
     been identified and assessed to ensure that there is a sound Risk Management Policy in place to address such concerns /
     risks.
     Terms of Reference in brief:
     •     To formulate a risk management policy which shall include:
           (a)   A framework for identification of internal and external risks specifically faced by the listed entity, in particular
                 including financial, operational, sectoral, sustainability (particularly, Environmental Social and Governance
                 (ESG) related risks), information, cyber security risks or any other risk as may be determined by the Committee.
           (b)   Measures for risk mitigation including systems and processes for internal control of identified risks.
           (c)   Business continuity plan.
     •     To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks associated
           with the business of the Company;
     •     To monitor and oversee implementation of the risk management policy, including evaluating the adequacy of risk
           management systems;
     •     To periodically review the risk management policy, at least once in two years, including by considering the changing
           industry dynamics and evolving complexity;
     •     To keep the board of directors informed about the nature and content of its discussions, recommendations and actions
           to be taken;
     The Risk Management process covers risk identification, assessment, analysis and mitigation, to frame, implement and
     monitor the Risk Management Plan for the Company. Major risks identified by the businesses and functions are systematically
     addressed through mitigating actions on a continuing basis.
     During the Financial Year 2024-25, meeting of Risk Management Committee was held on April 29, 2024 and November 19,
     2024. The requisite quorum was present for all the meetings.



42   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 45 =====
Notice        | Statutory Reports       |     Financial Statements


     The composition of the Risk Management Committee and attendance of its members at its meetings held during the year is
     as follows:
     Name of Members                        Status                                  Position in Committee           No. of Meeting attended
     Mr. Anand Kabra                        Executive                                     Chairman                            2
     Mrs. Ekta Kabra                        Executive                                     Member                              1
     Mr. Boman Moradian                     Non - Executive Independent                   Member                              2

     The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Committee.
e)   Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (CSR Committee):
     CSR Committee has been formed in conformity with Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies
     (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 comprising of the following Directors:
     Name of Members                        Status                                  Position in Committee           No. of Meeting attended
     Mr. Shreevallabh Kabra                 Executive                                     Chairman                            1
     Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra                 Non - Executive                               Member                              1
     Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra                  Non - Executive Independent                   Member                              1
     Mrs. Ekta Kabra                        Executive                                     Member                              1

     The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Committee.
     Terms of Reference in brief:
     •          Formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate Social Responsibility Policy which shall indicate the activities to
                be undertaken by the Company as speciﬁed in Schedule VII to the Companies Act, 2013;
     •          Recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the activities referred above along with detailed CSR action
                plan, modalities of execution, implementation schedule;
     •          Prepare a transparent monitoring mechanism for ensuring implementation of the projects / programs / activities to be
                undertaken by the Company; and
     •          Submit to the Board report giving status of the CSR activities undertaken, expenditure incurred and such other details
                as may be required by it.
     •          Such other activities as the Board of Directors may determine from time to time.
     A meeting of the CSR Committee was held on May 03, 2024, inter-alia, to consider, recommend and review the CSR
     spending and to consider revision in the Company’s CSR Policy.
f)   INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS MEETING:
     In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 25(3) of the Listing Regulations, a separate meeting of the Independent
     Director was held once during the FY 2024-25 without the presence of Non-Independent Director or members of the
     management to review:
     1.         Performance of Non Independent Directors and the Board of Directors as a Whole;
     2.         Performance of the Chairman of the Company, taking into account the views of the Executive and Non-Executive
                Directors.
     3.         Evaluation of the quality, content and timelines of flow of information between the management and the Board that is
                necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform its duties.
     All the independent Directors were present at the meeting.
4.   Particulars of Senior management:
     The Senior management plays a fundamental role in Company's operational teamwork and are defined in line with the
     provision of Listing Regulations. Senior Management are a group of professionals with diverse expertise and extensive
     industry experience.
     The particulars of senior management and changes therein from the previous financial year are as follow:
          Sr.     Name                                  Designation                    Changes if any, during the     Nature of change and
          No.                                                                             year 2024-25 (Y/N)             effective date
           1      Mr. Daulat Jain                       Chief Finance Officer                     No                             -
          2       Mr. Atanu Maity   #
                                                        Chief Executive Officer -                  No                             -
                                                        Extrusion Division
          3       Mr. Jayant Ranade                     Chief Operating Officer                    No                             -
          4       Mr. U. M. A Khan                      Head – Sales                               No                             -



                                                                                                        42nd Annual Report 2024-25        | 43

===== PAGE 46 =====
          Sr.     Name                                Designation                       Changes if any, during the     Nature of change and
          No.                                                                              year 2024-25 (Y/N)             effective date
           5      Mr. Subhabrata Ghosh                President                                    Yes                Ceased w.e.f 28/10/2024
           6      Mr. Vivek Pandit                    Vice President                               No                            -
           7      Dr. Yashodhan Gokhale               CTO                                          Yes                Ceased w.e.f 10/05/2024
           8      Mr. Pramod Kokate                   CIO                                          No                            -
           9      Ms. Shilpa Rathi                    Company Secretary                            No                            -
          10      Mr. Arnab Saha                      Head – Strategy and Alliances                Yes               Appointed w.e.f 06/12/2024
          11      Mr. Saurabh Jain                    Chief Experience Officer                     Yes               Appointed w.e.f 21/01/2025
     #
         Mr. Atanu Maity has resigned with effect from 16/05/2025
     General Body Meetings:
      Financial Year Ended               AGM Date                                 Venue                                         Time
      31-03-2022                         22-09-2022     Registered Office of the Company, through VC / AOVM                   10:30 A.M.
      31-03-2023                         21-07-2023     Registered Office of the Company, through VC / AOVM                   03:00 P.M.
      31-03-2024                         19-07-2024     Registered Office of the Company, through VC / AOVM                   03:00 P.M.

     The Special Resolutions passed during the previous three (3) Annual General Meetings are presented herein below:

           22-09-2022                                                             --------
           21-07-2023       1.       To re-appoint Mr. Shreevallabh G. Kabra as Whole time Director designated as the Executive
                                     Chairman of the Company w.e.f April 01, 2024.
                            2.       To re-appoint Mr. Anand Kabra as the Managing Director of the Company w.e.f August 01, 2024.
           19-07-2024                                                                 -------
     Resolutions passed through Postal Ballot and details of voting pattern:
     No resolution was passed through Postal Ballot during the year under review.
     Special Resolution proposed to be conducted through Postal Ballot and Procedure thereof:
     No Special Resolution is proposed to be conducted through Postal Ballot for the year ended March 31, 2025.
4.   Means of Communication:
     •          Publication of financial results: Standalone and Consolidated Quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results of the
                Company are published in leading English and Marathi language newspaper.
     •          Quarterly, Half Yearly and Annual Financial Results of the Company immediately after approval of the Board are sent to
                the Stock Exchange together with a copy of Limited Review Report and Half- yearly Statement of Assets & Liabilities,
                Audit Report on Annual Accounts, as applicable. These Results are published in the leading newspapers viz. The Free
                Press Journal (English) and Navshakti (Marathi) respectively.
     •          All the data related to Quarterly, Annual Financial Results, Shareholding Pattern, etc. are uploaded on the Company's
                website: www.kolsite.com as required in terms of the said Regulations.
     •          Management Discussion and Analysis Report forms part of the Annual Report
     •          In compliance with Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, section under ‘Investors’ on the Company’s website
                gives information on various announcements made by the Company, status of unclaimed dividend, Annual Report,
                Quarterly/Half yearly and Annual financial results along with the applicable policies of the Company. The Company’s
                official news releases and presentations made to the institutional investors and analysts are also available on the
                Company’s website at www.kolsite.com Quarterly Compliance Reports on Corporate Governance and other relevant
                information of interest to the Investors are also placed under the Investors Section on the Company’s website.
     •          The corporate presentations of the Company are placed on the Company’s website for the benefit of the institutional
                investors, analysts.
5.   Subsidiary Companies
     The Company did not have any material subsidiary as defined under Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulation. Therefore, the
     requirement to appoint an Independent Director on the Board of a subsidiary as per Regulation 24(1) is not applicable.
     However, to ensure that the Company have oversight over its subsidiary and to comply with other relevant provisions of
     listing regulation, the Company governed its subsidiary through following measures:
     •          Review of financial statement of unlisted subsidiaries by Audit Committee
     •          Placement of Board Minutes of subsidiary companies before the Company’s Board on quarterly basis.
     •          Periodic Reporting to the Board of significant transactions and arrangements entered into by subsidiaries

44   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 47 =====
Notice   | Statutory Reports        |   Financial Statements


6.   General Shareholder Information:
     General Meeting

     Day, Date & Time                         : Wednesday, July 16, 2025 at 4:00 P.M.
     Venue                                    : Registered Oﬃce of Company through VC/OAVM
     Financial Year                           : April 01, 2024 to March 31, 2025
     Dividend Payment Date                    : The Dividend, if declared at AGM, will be paid within 30 days
     Record Date                              : 9th July, 2025
     Reporting of Unaudited/Audited           : In respect of Financial Year 2025-26
     Financial Results                          From April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026
     First Quarter Results                    : On or before August 14, 2025
     Second Quarter Results with Half
     Year Results                             : On or before November 14, 2025
     Third Quarter Results                    : On or before February 14, 2026
     Audited Results for FY 2025-26           : On or before May 30, 2026
     Annual General Meeting for FY
     2025-26                                  : Tentatively by August / September, 2026
     Listing on Stock Exchanges:
     Name                                          Address                                                          Stock Code
     BSE Ltd.                                      Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001         524109
     National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE)   Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G - Block, Bandra - Kurla KABRAEXTRU
                                                   Complex, Bandra (East) Mumbai - 400 051
     The applicable Annual Listing Fees for the Financial Year 2025-26 have been paid to each of the Stock Exchanges, where
     the equity shares of the Company are listed.

     Disclosure for securities that are None of the securities of the Company are suspended from trading during the FY 24-25
     suspended from trading

     Registrar & Transfer Agent           M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited), a
                                          SEBI Registered Transfer Agent attends to all the work related to Share Registry in terms of both
                                          Physical and Electronic mode.

     Address and Contact Details of the C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S Marg, Vikhroli West, Mumbai – 400 083, Maharashtra, India Tel: +91 22
     Transfer Agent                     4918 6270; Fax :- +91 22 4098 6060
                                        E-mail :rnt.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com;
                                        Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com

     Share Transfer System                As mandated by SEBI, the equity shares of the Company can only be issued in dematerialized form
                                          while processing service requests for issue of duplicate securities certificate, claim from Unclaimed
                                          Suspense Account, transmission and transposition, etc. A communication to this effect was sent
                                          to the shareholders. The share transfer activities are carried out by our Registrar & Transfer Agent
                                          and are completed within the specified timelines, provided, all the documents received are in order

     Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2025:
     No. of Equity Shares                Number of              % of Shareholders               Number of                    % of Shares
                                        Shareholders                                             Shares
     Upto 1000                                       28137                       95.59                    3313614                           9.47
     1001-5000                                         1064                        3.61                   2252347                           6.44
     5001-10000                                         109                        0.37                    816286                           2.33
     10001-100000                                        93                        0.32                   2976456                           8.51
     Above 100001                                        32                        0.11                  25614133                          73.24
     Total                                          29435*                      100.00                   34972836                       100.00
     * Folio based details




                                                                                                     42nd Annual Report 2024-25            | 45

===== PAGE 48 =====
     Category of Shareholders as on March 31, 2025:
       Sr.    Category                                               Number of           % of            Number of             % of
                                                                      Shares         Shareholding       Shareholders       Shareholding
      No.
       1      Body Corporate - Ltd Liability Partnership                   59330            0.1696                 20             0.1696

       2      Clearing Members                                                   0                  0                  0                  0
       3      Corporate Bodies (Promoter Co)                             6908086           19.7527                     3         19.7527

       4      Foreign Company                                             144833            0.4141                     1          0.4141

       5      Foreign Portfolio Investors (Corporate) – I                 201151            0.5752                 12             0.5752

       6      Foreign Portfolio Investors (Corporate) – II                163513            0.4675                     3          0.4675

       7      Hindu Undivided Family                                      853496            2.4405                756             2.4405

       8      Investor Education and Protection Fund                      209711            0.5996                     1          0.5996

       9      Mutual Funds                                                  4400            0.0126                     2          0.0126

       10     Non Resident (Non Repatriable)                                     0                  0                  0                  0

       11     Non Resident Indians                                        357904            1.0234                567             1.0234

       12     Other Bodies Corporate                                     1769936            5.0609                156             5.0609

       13     Promoters                                                 14158392            40.484                 11             40.484

       14     Public                                                     9566817            27.355              27346             27.355

       15     Relatives of promoters (other than "Immediate               575267            1.6449                     4          1.6449
              relatives" of promoters disclosed under Promoter
              and Promoter Group' category)
              TOTAL :                                                   34972836               100             28882*                100

     * PAN based details
     None of the Non-Executive Director, except Mr. Satyanarayan Kabra, holds 2000 Equity Shares of the Company as on
     March 31, 2025.
     Dematerialisation of Shares & Liquidity
     3,48,19,032 (99.56 %) of the equity shares have been dematerialized till March 31, 2025 out of 3,49,72,836 Equity Shares.
     Reconciliation was carried out every quarter and the report thereon were placed before the Board of Directors and submitted
     to the Stock Exchanges in relation to Shareholding in Physical and Electronic mode:
      Mode of Holding                                                                Number of Shares                        % of Shares

      Physical                                                                                1,53,804                              0.44

      Electronic                                                                           3,48,19,032                             99.56

      Total                                                                                 3,49,72,836                           100.00

      Outstanding GDRs / ADRs / Warrants or any Convertible There are no outstanding GDRs/ADRs/warrants or any convertible
      Instruments, its date of conversion and likely impact on Equity instruments as on March 31, 2025.
      Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging Forward contracts are booked, as required, to hedge against foreign
      activities                                                exchange exposure.
      Plant Locations                                            •     Kabra Industrial Estate, Kachigam, Daman- 396210
                                                                 •     259/260/265 (III), Coastal Highway, Dunetha, Daman –
                                                                       396210
                                                                 •     Chakan Industrial Area Phase - 2, Plot No. C -22/8, MIDC,
                                                                       Village - Bhamboli, Taluka Khed, Pune - 410501, Maharashtra
     Address for Correspondence:
     Members holding shares in physical form are requested to lodge their application for share transposition, transmission
     and request for changes in their addresses, bank account and mandate etc. with M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited
     (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited) , at C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S Marg, Vikhroli West, Mumbai - 400 083 and
     for the queries on Annual Report and Dividend, Members are requested to write to the Company at 1001, Fortune Terraces,
     'B' Wing, New Link Road, Andheri (West), Mumbai – 400053.
     Designated email id for investors: ket_sd@kolsitegroup.com

46   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 49 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports      |    Financial Statements


     Credit Rating obtained by the entity along with any revisions thereto during the relevant financial year:
     The Credit Rating of the Company obtained from CRISIL along with the revisions during the financial year 2024-25 is as
     under:

     Type of Credit Rating             Up to 4th April, 2025             W.e.f. 5th April, 2025                Reason for revision

     Long Term Rating         CRISIL A+/Negative (Outlook revised CRISIL A/Negative (Downgraded        Due to operating performance till
                              from ‘Stable’, Rating reaffirmed)   from ‘Crisil A+/Negative)            December 31, 2024

     Short Term Rating        CRISIL A1 (Reaﬃrmed)                 CRISIL A1 (Reaffirmed)              -----

7.   Disclosures:
•    Disclosures on materially significant related party transactions that may have potential conflict with the interests
     of listed entity at large:
     Disclosure of the Related Party Transactions have been made in the Annual Report as a Note to the Financial Statements.
     During the year under review, there were no materially signiﬁcant related party transactions that may have potential conﬂict
     with the interests of the Company at large.
     All transactions entered into with the related parties are in the ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length basis.
     The details of transactions with the related parties are tabled before the audit committee on a quarterly basis. Certain
     transactions repetitive in nature were approved through omnibus route by the Audit Committee. The register of contracts
     containing the transactions in which the Directors are interested was placed regularly before the Board.
     Policy on dealing with Related Party Transactions is available at https://kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/RPT%20
     Policy_1.pdf
•    Details of non-compliance by the listed entity, penalties, strictures imposed on the listed entity by stock exchange(s)
     or the board or any statutory authority, on any matter related to capital markets, during the last three years:
     There are no penalties or strictures imposed on the Company by the Stock Exchanges or SEBI or any statutory authorities
     relating to the above. There were no instances of non-compliance of any matter related to the capital market during the last
     three (3) years.
•    Details of establishment of vigil mechanism/ whistle blower policy, and Vigil mechanism/ Whistle blower policy
     affirmation that no personnel has been denied access to the audit committee:
     Pursuant to Section 177 (9) and (10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and said Regulations, the Company has a Whistle-
     Blower Policy for establishing a vigil mechanism for Directors and employees to report genuine concerns regarding unethical
     behaviour, actual or suspected fraud or violation of the Company's Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy. It is aﬃrmed that
     no employee of the Company was denied access to the Audit Committee. The Policy has been uploaded on website of the
     Company at the link https://kolsite.com/uploads/investores/pdf/vigil-mechanism-whistle-blower-policy.pdf
•    Details of compliance with mandatory requirements and adoption of the non-mandatory requirements:
     The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements of the Listing Regulations relating to Corporate Governance.
     The Company has also ensured the implementation of non‑mandatory items such as:
     a)    Unmodified audit opinions / reporting
     b)    Internal auditor reporting directly to the audit committee
•    Details of material subsidiaries of the listed entity; including the date and place of incorporation and the name
     and date of appointment of the statutory auditors of such subsidiaries and web link where policy for determining
     ‘material’ subsidiaries is disclosed
     During the year under review, the Company did not have any material subsidiary company in terms of Regulation 16 of the
     Listing Regulations.
     The Policy for determining material subsidiaries has been uploaded on the Company’s website at https://kolsite.com/
     uploads/investores/pdf/material-subsidiary-policy-2019_1.pdf
•    Disclosure of commodity price risks and commodity hedging activities:
     Foreign Currency Transactions were carried out on actual basis and against forward contract booked for the purpose of
     hedging the exchange ﬂuctuation risks. The Company does not hedge in commodity prices.
•    Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement as specified
     under Regulation 32(7A):
     The Company had raised total funds of ₹101.02 crore on allotment of equity shares (upon conversion of 30,70,516 warrants
     into equity at a price of ₹329/- each including premium of ₹324/-) per warrants through preferential issue from promoter
     group and Investors. The Company has utilized ₹97,10,52,379/-upto 31/03/2025.




                                                                                                  42nd Annual Report 2024-25         | 47

===== PAGE 50 =====
•    Certificate from Company Secretary in Practice:
     Certificate as required under Part C of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, received from Mr. Saurabh Somani (CP No.:
     26495), Partner of Bhandari & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, that none of the Directors on the Board of the
     Company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed and/or continuing as Directors of the Company by the
     SEBI/MCA or any such statutory authority is annexed as part of this Report.
•    Details where the board had not accepted any recommendation of any committee of the board which is mandatorily
     required, in the relevant financial year, the same to be disclosed along with reasons thereof: None
•    Fees to Statutory Auditor
     Total fees for all services paid by the Company on a consolidated basis, to the Statutory Auditor and all entities in the network
     ﬁrm / network entity of which statutory auditor is a part, for all service rendered in FY 24-25: ₹ 11 Lakhs.
•    Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)
     Act, 2013
     a.    number of complaints filed during the financial year: Nil
     b.    number of complaints disposed of during the financial year: Nil
     c.    number of complaints pending as on end of the financial year: Nil
•    Disclosure by listed entity and its subsidiaries of ‘Loans and advances in the nature of loans to firms/companies in
     which directors are interested by name and amount:
     The Company has invested in CCD’s of ₹457 Lakhs during the year in the Varos Technology Private Limited, wholly owned
     subsidiary of the Company and the outstanding balance as on March 31, 2025 is ₹934.25 Lakhs
     Transfer of shares to the IEPF Authority:
     Pursuant to applicable provision of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the IEPF (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund)
     Rules, 2016 (“IEPF Rules”), all unpaid or unclaimed dividends that remain in the unpaid/unclaimed dividend account for a
     period of seven consecutive years are required to be transferred by the Company along with interest accrued, if any, to the
     IEPF Authority.
     Further, according to the IEPF Rules, the underlying shares in respect of which such dividend has remained unpaid or
     unclaimed by the shareholders for seven consecutive years or more shall also transferred to the demat account of the IEPF
     Authority.
     The details of the unclaimed dividends and shares transferred to IEPF for FY 24-25 are as follows:

      Financial Year                                                             Amount of Unclaimed     Number of shares transferred
                                                                                 Dividend Transferred
      2016-2017                                                                          ₹ 4,02,491.00                         18,204

     # For the Financial Year 2017-18, the tentative corresponding number of shares liable to be transferred to the IEPF authority
     are 10,050 equity shares.
     Members can claim the dividends and shares from the IEPF Authority by submitting an online application in the prescribed
     web form No. IEPF -5 available on the website www.iepf.gov.in. No claim shall lie against the Company in respect of the
     dividends/shares so transferred.
     Details of Dividend in the unpaid/unclaimed Dividend Account as on March 31, 2025 & their respective due dates for
     transfer to Investors Education & Protection Fund (IEPF) are as under:
      Date of declaration of Dividend at AGM                  Dividend for the        Rate of Dividend     Month & Year of proposed
                                                               Financial Year                                  transfer to IEPF
      August 10, 2018                                            2017-2018                  40%           September, 2025

      March 11, 2020*                                            2019-2020                  30%           April, 2027

      July 30, 2021                                              2020-2021                  50%           August, 2028

      September 22, 2022                                         2021-2022                  60%           October, 2029

      July 21, 2023                                              2022-2023                  70%           August, 2030

      July 19, 2024                                              2023-2024                  70%           August, 2031

     * paid as Interim Dividend and regularized as final dividend at respective AGMs
     The Company recommends shareholders to encash / claim their respective dividend within the period given above from the
     Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agents.




48   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 51 =====
Notice    | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


     Unclaimed Suspense Account:
     Disclosure with respect to Demat Suspense Account/Unclaimed Suspense Account as required under Schedule 5(F) of
     the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 in respect of changes during FY 2024-25 is
     presented hereunder:
     Particulars                                                                                     Number of              Number of
                                                                                                    Shareholders           Equity Shares
     a)    Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding Unclaimed Suspense Account
           as on April 01, 2024                                                                               6                         2100
     b)    Number of shareholders who approached the Company for transfer of shares from the
           Unclaimed Suspense Account during the year                                                         -                             -
     c)    Number of shareholders to whom the shares were Unclaimed Suspense Account
           during the year                                                                                    -                             -
     d)    Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding Unclaimed Suspense Account
           as on March 31, 2025                                                                               6                         2100
     e)    It is hereby conﬁrmed that the voting rights on these shares shall remain frozen till the rightful owner of such shares claims the
           shares.
     SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES):
     Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) administers a centralized web based complaints redress system (SCORES).
     It enables investors to lodge and follow-up complaints and track the status of redressal online on the website of SEBI at
     https://scores.sebi.gov.in/ The Company has registered itself on SCORES and endeavours to resolve all investor complaints
     received through SCORES or otherwise within 15 days of the receipt of the complaint. During the year, the company has not
     received any complaint through SCORES.
     Disclosure of the Compliance with Corporate Governance
     The Company has complied with the requirements as specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and Regulations 46 of the SEBI
     Listing Regulations to the extent applicable.
     Disclosure of certain types of agreements binding listed entities
     There are no agreements that require disclosure under clause 5A of paragraph A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing
     Regulations.
     CEO & CFO Certification
     As required by Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the CEO and CFO Certificate to the Company’s
     Board is annexed to this Report.


                                                                                                           For and on behalf of the Board


Place : Mumbai                                                                                                        Shreevallabh Kabra
Date: May 16, 2025                                                                                                     Executive Chairman
                                                                                                                          (DIN: 00015415)




                                                                                                    42nd Annual Report 2024-25          | 49

===== PAGE 52 =====
Details of Directorship(s) held in Other Listed Entity/(ies):

Sr.    Name of the Director        Name of the Listed Entities              Category of Directorship     Skills / expertise / competence
No.

 1.    Mr. Shreevallabh G. Kabra   Plastiblends India Limited               Non- Independent,            Knowledge        on      Company’s
                                                                                                         businesses,      plastic   industry
                                                                            Non-Executive Director
                                                                                                         prospects, policies and culture
 2.    Mr. Satyanarayan G. Kabra   Plastiblends India Limited               Executive Director           (incl. Mission, Vision & Values)
                                                                                                         major risks / threats and potential
 3.    Mr. Anand S. Kabra          Nil                                      ----                         opportunities, Business Strategy,
                                                                                                         Sales & Marketing
 4.    Mrs. Ekta A. Kabra          Nil                                      ----

 5.    Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra       Plastiblends India Limited               Non-Executive, Independent   Corporate Governance, Decision
                                                                            Director                     Making,      behavioural   skills-
                                                                                                         attributes & competencies to use
                                                                                                         their knowledge and skills

 6.    Mr. Boman Moradian          Nil                                      ----                         Technical / Professional skills and
                                                                                                         specialized knowledge in relation
                                                                                                         to Company’s business

 7.    Mrs. Chitra Andrade         Nil                                      -----                        Finance and Management skills

 8.    Mr. Utpal H. Sheth          1. Metro Brands Limited                  Non-Executive, Independent   Fund      raising,    merger   &
                                                                            Director                     acquisitions,     buybacks   and
                                   2. Star Health And Allied    Insurance
                                                                                                         corporate advisory transactions
                                      Company Limited
                                                                                                         Finance and Management skills
                                   3. NCC Limited
                                   4. Aptech Limited
                                   5. Inventurus Knowledge Solutions
                                      Limited


                                                                                                         For and on behalf of the Board


Place : Mumbai                                                                                                      Shreevallabh Kabra
Date: May 16, 2025                                                                                                   Executive Chairman
                                                                                                                        (DIN: 00015415)




50    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 53 =====
Notice         | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


                      CEO & CFO CERTIFICATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT AND CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
                Under Regulation 17 (8) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
We, the undersigned, in our respective capacities as Chief Financial Officer; Chief Executive Officer-Extrusion Division and Vice-
Chairman and MD of Kabra Extrusiontechnik Ltd. (“the Company”) to the best of our knowledge and belief certify that:
A.     We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 and that to
       the best of our knowledge and belief:
       i.        these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that
                 might be misleading;
       ii.       these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company's affairs and are in compliance with existing
                 accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
B.     There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the said year which
       are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company's code of conduct
C.     We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated
       the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the
       Auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are
       aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
D.     We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee
       i.        significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;
       ii.       significant changes in accounting policies during the year, if any, and that the same have been disclosed in the notes
                 to the financial statements; and
       iii.      instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management
                 or an employee having a significant role in the listed entity's internal control system over financial reporting.


CFO         CEO-Extrusion Division                                             Vice-Chairman & MD                  Managing Director
Daulat Jain Atanu Maity                                                        Anand Kabra                         Ekta Kabra
		                                                                             DIN : 00016010                      DIN : 07088898


Place: Mumbai
Date: May 16, 2025

                             DECLARATION ON COMPLIANCE OF THE COMPANY'S CODE OF CONDUCT
The Company has framed a Code of Conduct for the Members of the Board of Directors and the Senior Management personnel
of the Company pursuant to SEBI Listing Regulations to further strengthen corporate governance practice in the Company. They
have affirmed compliance with the said Code, as applicable to them for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025.
                                                                                                          For and on behalf of the Board
Place : Mumbai
Date : May 16, 2025

                                 Anand S. Kabra                               Ekta A. Kabra		                             Atanu Maity
              Vice Chairman and Managing Director                          Managing Director                   CEO – Extrusion Division
                                   DIN:00016010                              DIN : 07088898


                                    COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and Clauses (b) to (i) of Sub-
regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, and has also fulfilled the following discretionary requirements:
(i)    The Internal Auditor reports to the Audit Committee.
(ii)   The financial statements of the Company are with unmodified audit opinion.


                                                                                                          For and on behalf of the Board
Place : Mumbai
Date : May 16, 2025
                                                                         Anand S. Kabra                                 Ekta A. Kabra
                                                      Vice Chairman and Managing Director                            Managing Director
                                                                           DIN:00016010                                 DIN:07088898

                                                                                                     42nd Annual Report 2024-25    | 51

===== PAGE 54 =====
                           INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ CERTIFICATE ON COMPLIANCE WITH THE
                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS UNDER SEBI
                             (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) REGULATIONS, 2015


To,
The Members of
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited,


Background
This certificate is issued in accordance with the terms of our engagement letter.
We are to examine the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (“the Company”),
for the year ended 31 March 2025, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D
and E of Schedule V of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 as amended from time to time (“Listing Regulations”).
Management’s Responsibility
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under the listing regulations is the responsibility of the
Company’s management including the preparation and maintenance of all the relevant records and documents. This responsibility
includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the
conditions of Corporate Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance
of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of
the Company. Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance
whether the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year
ended 31 March 2025.
We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance compliance by the Company in accordance with the Guidance
Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance
both issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”), in so far as applicable for the purpose of this
certificate. The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.
We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms
that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.
Opinion
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that the Company has
complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing Regulations.
We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Restriction on use
The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling the Company to
comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not be used by any other person or for any other purpose.
Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom
this certificate is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

                                                                                                       For Kirtane & Pandit LLP
                                                                                                          Chartered Accountants
                                                                                        Firm Registration No.105215W/W100057

                                                                                                                  Suhrud Lele
                                                                                                                       Partner
                                                                                                       Membership No.: 121162
                                                                                                   UDIN: 25121162BMJHVN7021
Mumbai, May 16, 2025




52   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 55 =====
Notice      | Statutory Reports       |   Financial Statements


                                          Certificate of Non-Disqualification of Directors
     [Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and clause 10(i) of Para C of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India
                             (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]


To,
The Members of
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
1001, Fortune Terraces, 10th Floor,
Opp. Citi Mall, New Link Road,
Andheri West, Mumbai – 400053

We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Kabra
Extrusiontechnik Limited having CIN: L28900MH1982PLC028535 and having its registered office at 1001, Fortune Terraces,
10th Floor, Opp. Citi Mall, New Link Road, Andheri (West), Mumbai– 400053, Maharashtra (hereinafter referred to as ‘the
Company’), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3)
read with clause 10(i) of Para C of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN)
status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company & its officers, we
hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the financial year ended March 31, 2025
have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange
Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other Statutory Authority.

  Sr. No.     Name of Director                                                   DIN                   Date of Appointment
     1        Mr. Shreevallabh Gopilal Kabra                                  00015415                   October 21, 1982
     2        Mr. Satyanarayan Gopilal Kabra                                  00015930                   October 21, 1982
     3        Mr. Anand Shreevallabh Kabra                                    00016010                     June 19, 2003
     4        Mrs. Ekta Anand Kabra                                           07088898                     May 16, 2017
     5        Mr. Bajrang Lal Bagra                                           00090596                  November 07, 2014
     6        Mr. Boman Khushroo Moradian                                     00242123                     May 16, 2017
     7        Mr. Utpal Hemendra Sheth                                        00081012                    August 20, 2021
     8        Mrs. Chitra Andrade                                             08090478                    March 05, 2021

Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the
Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as
to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs
of th e Company.
                                                                                                        For Bhandari & Associates
                                                                                                               Company Secretaries
                                                                                         Unique Identification No.: P1981MH043700
                                                                                            Peer Review Certificate No.: 6157/2024


                                                                                                                 Saurabh Somani
                                                                                                                           Partner
                                                                                                    ACS No.: 69826; C P No.: 26495
Mumbai, May 16, 2025                                                                               ICSI UDIN: A069826G000357146




                                                                                                42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 53

===== PAGE 56 =====
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
To,
The Members of Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
Report on the Audit of Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the standalone financial statements of Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (“the Company”), which comprise the
standalone balance sheet as at March 31, 2025, the statement of profit & loss (including other comprehensive income), standalone
statement of changes in equity and the statement of cash flows for the year then ended, notes to the standalone financial
statements including material accounting policies and other explanatory information ( hereinafter referred to as “the standalone
financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone financial
statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair
view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the
state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2025, the profit and total comprehensive Income, changes in equity and its cash
flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified
under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities
for the Audit of the standalone financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with
the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together with the ethical requirements that are
relevant to our audit of the standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute
of Chartered Accountants of India. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our audit opinion on the standalone financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of standalone
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the standalone financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

 Sr.
                               Key audit matters                               How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 No.
  1.    Contingent Liability                                          Our procedures included, but were not limited to, the
        The Company has duties and taxes litigations that are pending following:
        with various tax authorities. Whether a liability is recognized •        Obtained an understanding from the management
        or disclosed as a contingent liability in the financial statements       with respect to process and controls followed by
        is inherently judgmental and dependent on assumptions and                the Company for identification and monitoring
        assessments. We placed specific focus on the judgements in               of significant developments in relation to the
        respect to these demands against the Company. Determining                litigations, including completeness thereof.
        the amount, if any, to be recognized or disclosed in the financial •     Obtained the list of litigations from the
        statements, is inherently subjective. Therefore, it is considered to     management and reviewed their assessment of
        be a key audit matter.                                                   the likelihood of outflow of economic resources
        (Refer Note 41(a) to standalone financial statements)                    being probable, possible or remote in respect of
                                                                                 the litigations.
                                                                           •     Assessed management’s discussions held
                                                                                 with their legal consultants and understanding
                                                                                 precedents in similar cases;
                                                                           •     Our own teams of tax experts assessed and
                                                                                 validated the adequacy and appropriateness of
                                                                                 the disclosures made by the management in the
                                                                                 financial statements.




54     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 57 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


 Sr.
                               Key audit matters                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 No.
  2.   Incentive Schemes                                                 We have examined the processes and controls relating
       The Company has operating facilities at various locations and to recognition and measurement of incentive income.
       based on the various incentive schemes of the Central government, In this connection, we have: • Reviewed Government
       the Company is eligible for the incentives. The Company is schemes and policy relating to incentives of the
       required to fulfil the conditions mentioned in the notification/ respective state governments
       circular pertaining to that scheme for eligibility of incentive. •           Examined registration for the scheme, subsequent
       The management applies its judgement for the recognition of                  departmental orders and regulations issued from
       incentive income and determining the amounts to be adjusted                  time to time.
       through capital approach Where in the final determination of the •           Performed substantive procedures for calculation
       claim accepted by the authorities can be modified/delayed. Given             of eligible assets
       the complexity and magnitude of potential exposures across the
       company, and the judgement involved, this is a key audit matter •            Examined and identified the value of tangible
                                                                                    and intangible assets falling within the eligibility
                                                                                    bracket of the scheme.
                                                                              •     Examination of certificate issued to the
                                                                                    Government authorities with regards to the claim.
                                                                              •     Examination of disbursal orders w.r.t. to the
                                                                                    Government incentive

Other Matters
Figures for the previous year appearing in the financial statements were Audited by the previous auditor who vide his report dated
May 03, 2024, expressed an unmodified Opinion on the same. Our report is not modified in respect of the same.
Information Other than the Standalone financial statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the other information. The other
information comprises the information included in the annual report but does not include the financial statements and the auditor’s
report thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this audit report.
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the standalone financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.
When we read the annual report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate
the matter to those charged with governance and take necessary actions, as applicable under the relevant laws and regulations.
Management and Board of Director’s Responsibility for the Standalone financial statements
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect
to the preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the state of affairs profit / loss and other
comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally
accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under Section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also
includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of
the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting
policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of
adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting
records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view and are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone financial statements, management and the board of directors are responsible for assessing the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless management or the Board of directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.




                                                                                                  42nd Annual Report 2024-25        | 55

===== PAGE 58 =====
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
standalone financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout
the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
     design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
     to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
     one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override
     of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on
     whether the Company has an adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such
     controls.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by Management and Board of Directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of Management’s and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
     based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that material uncertainty exists, we
     are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone financial statements or, if
     such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
     date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going
     concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial statements, including the disclosures,
     and whether the standalone financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves
     fair presentation.

Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, make
it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the standalone financial statements may be
influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating
the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the standalone financial statements.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

1.   As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central Government of India in
     terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, we give in the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4
     of the Order, to the extent applicable.




56   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 59 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


2.   A.   As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit we report that:
          a)     We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief
                 were necessary for the purposes of our audit.
          b)     In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears
                 from our examination of those books.
          c)     The standalone balance sheet, the standalone statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive
                 income), the standalone statement of changes in equity and the standalone statement of cash flow dealt with by
                 this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account.
          d)     In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Ind AS specified under Section 133
                 of the Act.
          e)     On the basis of the written representations received from the directors for the year ended March 31,2025 taken
                 on record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31,2025 from being
                 appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
          f)     With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements
                 of the Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure B”.
                 Our report expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the Company’s
                 internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements.
     B.   With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies
          (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the
          explanations given to us:
          i.     The standalone financial statements disclose the impact of pending litigations on the financial position of the
                 company– Refer Note 41(a) to the standalone financial statements.
          ii.    The Company did not have any long-term contracts, including derivative contracts for which there were any
                 material foreseeable losses.
          iii.   There has been no delay in transferring the amounts required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and
                 Protection Fund by the Company - Refer Note 45 to standalone financial statements.
          iv.    With respect to clause (e) of Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended
                 a.   The management has represented to us that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds have
                      been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources
                      or kind of funds) by the company to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities
                      (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary
                      shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner
                      whatsoever by or on behalf of the company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or
                      the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
                 b.   The management of the Company has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds
                      have been received by the company from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Funding
                      Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the company shall, whether,
                      directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or
                      on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on
                      behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
                 c.   Based on such audit procedures performed that we have considered reasonable and appropriate in the
                      circumstances, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under
                      sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11 (e) as provided under (a) and (b) above contain any material misstatement.
          v.     The final dividend paid by the Company during the year in respect to the previous year is in accordance with
                 section 123 of the Companies Act 2013 to the extent it applies to payment of dividend.
                 As stated in note 44 to the standalone financial statements, the Board of Directors of the Company have proposed
                 a final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval of the members at the ensuing Annual General
                 Meeting. The dividend declared is in accordance with section 123 of the Act to the extent it applies to declaration
                 of dividend.



                                                                                             42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 57

===== PAGE 60 =====
          vi.   With respect to clause (g) of Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, the
                requirement under proviso to Rule 3(1) of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 of mandatory audit trail in the
                Company accounting software , based on our examination which included test checks, the company has
                used an accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail
                (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the
                software. Further, during our audit we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered
                with. Additionally, the audit trail has been preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirements for record
                retention.
3.   With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements of section
     197(16) of the Act, as amended:
     In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the
     Company to its directors during the current year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act.
     The remuneration paid to any director by the Company is not in excess of the limit laid down under Section 197 of the Act.
     The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not prescribed other details under Section 197(16) of the Act which are required to be
     commented upon by us.
                                                                                                      For Kirtane & Pandit LLP
                                                                                                         Chartered Accountants
                                                                                       Firm Registration No.105215W/W100057

                                                                                                                 Suhrud Lele
                                                                                                                      Partner
Place: Mumbai                                                                                         Membership No.: 121162
Date: May 16, 2025                                                                                UDIN: 25121162BMJHVL6727




58   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 61 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


ANNEXURE ‘A’ TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT ON THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS OF KABRA EXTRUSIONTECHNIK LIMITED FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2025
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the Members of
KABRA EXTRUSIONTECHNIK LIMITED of even date)
i.     (a)   (A)   The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation
                   of Property, Plant and Equipment.
             (B)   The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangible Assets.
       (b)   According to the information and explanations given to us, and on the basis of our examination of records of the
             Company the Company has a regular program of physical verification of Property, plant and equipment by which all
             the Property, Plant and Equipment are verified in a phased manner over a period of three years. Property, Plant and
             Equipment were physically verified by the management during the year and no material discrepancies were noticed on
             such verification. In our opinion, the frequency of physical verification of Property, plant and equipment is reasonable
             having regards to the size of the Company and nature of assets.
       (c)   According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the
             Company, the title deeds of immovable properties as reported in note 2 of financial statements are held in the name
             of the Company.
       (d)   According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the
             Company, the Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment or intangible assets or both during the
             year.
       (e)   According to the information and explanations given to us by Management, there are no proceedings initiated or
             pending against the Company for holding any benami property under the Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions
             Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
ii.    (a)   As informed to us, the inventory, except goods-in-transit and stocks lying with third parties, has been physically verified
             by the management during the year at regular intervals. In our opinion the coverage and procedure of such verification
             by the management is reasonable and procedures and coverage followed by the management were appropriate. No
             discrepancies were noticed on verification between the physical stocks and the book records that were more than 10%
             in the aggregate of each class of inventory.
       (b)   According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the
             Company, the Company has been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five crore rupees, in aggregate, on the
             basis of security of current assets. In our opinion, the quarterly returns or statements filed by the Company with such
             banks are in agreement with the books of account of the Company.
iii.   According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Company,
       the Company has not provided any guarantee or security or granted any advances in the nature of loans other than loans
       to employees, secured or unsecured to companies, firms, limited liability partnership or any other parties during the year.
       Further as informed to us the Company has not made any investment, not provided any guarantees or not provided security
       in connection with the loan during the year. Accordingly, paragraph 3(iii)(a), 3(iii)(c), 3(iii)(d), 3(iii)(e), 3(iii)(f) of the Order is
       not applicable. With respect to reporting under 3(iii)(b) in respect loans and advances given to employees as per company’s
       policy does not prima facie appears to prejudicial to the company’s interest of the Company.
iv.    According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of records of the Company,
       in respect of investments made and loans, guarantees and security given by the Company, in our opinion the provisions of
       Section 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) have been complied with.
v.     In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not accepted any deposits
       or amounts which are deemed to be deposits from the public, hence the reporting on the compliance with directives issued
       by the Reserve Bank of India and provisions of Section 73 to 76 or any other relevant provisions of the Act and the rules
       framed there under, are not applicable. According to the information and explanation given to us by the management, no
       orders have been passed by the Company Law Board or National Company Law Tribunal or Reserve Bank of India or any
       Court or any other Tribunal for contravention of these sections or any other relevant provision(s) of the Act and the relevant
       rules.
vi.    We have broadly reviewed the books of accounts maintained by the Company pursuant to the rules prescribed by the
       Central Government for maintenance of cost records under Section 148(1) of the Act in respect of its manufactured goods
       and services provided by it and are of the opinion that prima facie, the prescribed accounts and records have been made
       and maintained. However, we have not carried out a detailed examination of the records with a view to determine whether
       these are accurate or complete.
vii    (a)   According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of
             the Company, in our opinion amounts deducted / accrued in the books of account in respect of undisputed statutory
             dues including Goods and Services Tax (‘GST’), Provident fund, Employee’s State Insurance, Income-Tax, Duty of
             Customs, Cess and other material statutory dues have been regularly deposited with the appropriate authorities.


                                                                                                      42nd Annual Report 2024-25          | 59

===== PAGE 62 =====
               According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the
               Company, no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State
               Insurance, Income-Tax, Duty of Customs or Cess or other statutory dues were in arrears as at 31 March 2025 for a
               period of more than six months from the date they became payable.
        (b)    According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the
               Company, statutory dues relating to Goods and Service Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State Insurance, Income-
               Tax, Duty of Customs or Cess or other statutory dues which have not been deposited on account of any dispute are as
               follows:

               Name of the Statue        Nature of the dues           Amount*          Period to which the Forum where dispute is
                                                                    (₹ in Lakhs)         amount relates          pending
               Income Tax Act,         U/s 35(2AB) of IT Act           125.85                2021-22           The Commissioner of
               1961                                                                                            Income Tax (Appeals)
               Income Tax Act,         14A of IT Act                     1.92                2023-24           The Commissioner of
               1961                                                                                            Income Tax (Appeals)
               Goods and Service       E-way Bill Discrepancy            9.24                2018-19           The Commissioner of
               Tax Act, 2017                                                                                   Customs
               Goods and Service       CENVAT on ocean                   2.25                2017-18           Original Adjudicating
               Tax Act, 2017           fright                                                                  Authority
               Customs Act, 1962       Appeals filed against             1.43                2021-22           Joint Commissioner of
                                       the order in Original                                                   Customs
               Goods and Service       CENVAT on Sales                   2.40                2014-15           Asst. commissioner
               Tax Act, 2017           Commission paid
               Goods and Service       CENVAT on Sales                   7.45                2015-16           Asst. commissioner
               Tax Act, 2017           Commission paid

               *amounts are as per demand orders including penalty wherever quantified in the Order.
viii.   In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, there are no transactions which have been
        surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961.
ix.     (a)    In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us by the Management, Company has not
               defaulted in repayment of any loans or other borrowings or in the payment of interest thereon to any lender.
        (b)    In our opinion, according to the information and explanations given to us by the Management, and basis our examination
               of the records of the Company, the Company has not been declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial
               institution or other lender or government or government authority.
        (c)    In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us by the Management, term loans were
               applied for the purpose for which the loans were obtained
        (d)    In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us by the Management and on an overall
               examination of the balance sheet, funds raised on short term basis have not been utilised for long term purposes.
        (e)    In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us by the Management and on an overall
               examination of the balance sheet of the Company the Company has not taken any funds from any entity or person on
               account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures as defined under the Act
        (f)    In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us by the Management and procedures
               performed by us, we report that the Company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in
               its subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate companies as defined under the Act.
x. (a)         In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not raised moneys by
               way of initial public offer or further public offer (including debt instruments) during the year. Accordingly reporting under
               paragraph 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
         (b)   According to the information and explanations given to us and basis our examination of the records of the Company,
               the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or fully or partly convertible
               debentures during the year. Accordingly reporting under paragraph 3(x)(b) of the Order is not applicable to the
               Company.
xi.     (a)    Based on examination of the books and records of the Company and according to the information and explanation
               given to us, considering the principles of materiality outlined in the Standards on Auditing, we report that no fraud by
               the Company or on the Company has been noticed or reported during the course of audit.
        (b)    According to information and explanations given to us, no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies
               Act has been filed by the auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
               2014 with the Central Government.

60      | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 63 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


        (c)   As represented to us by the management, there are no whistle blower complaints received by the company during the
              year.
xii.    According to the information and explanations given to us, The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting under
        paragraph 3 (xii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
xiii.   In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is in compliance with Section 177
        and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 where applicable, for all transactions with the related parties and the details of related
        party transactions have been disclosed in the standalone financial statements as required by the applicable accounting
        standards.
xiv.    (a)   Based on information and explanation provided to us and our audit procedures, the Company has an internal audit
              system commensurate with the size and nature of its business.
        (b)   We have considered the internal audit reports of the company issued till date, for the period under audit.
xv.     In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, during the year the Company has not entered
        into any non-cash transactions with its directors or persons connected with them. Accordingly, paragraph 3(xv) of the Order
        is not applicable.
xvi.    (a)   According to the information and explanations given to us, and based on our examination of the records of the
              Company, company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.
              Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(a) of the Order is not applicable.
        (b)   According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not conducted any Non-Banking Financial
              or Housing Finance activities without a valid Certificate of Registration (CoR). Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(b) of the Order
              is not applicable.
        (c)   According to the information and explanations given to us, and basis our examination of the records of the Company,
              the Company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) as defined in the regulations made by the Reserve Bank of
              India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(c) of the Order is not applicable.
        (d)   In our opinion, and according to the information and explanation given to us, in the group, no companies forming part
              of the promoter/promoter group of the Company which are CICs’. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not
              applicable.
xvii. According to the information and explanations given to us, and basis examination of the records of the Company, the
      Company has not incurred cash losses in the current financial year and in the immediately preceding financial year
      accordingly, reporting under paragraph 3(xvii) of the Order is not applicable.
xviii. There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year. Accordingly, reporting under paragraph 3(xviii) of the
       Order is not applicable.
xix.    In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing
        and expected dates of realisation of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the
        standalone financial statements, and our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans and based on our
        examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that
        material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that Company is capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the
        date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state
        that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts
        up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a
        period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the company as and when they fall due.
        Also refer to the Other Information paragraph of our main audit report which explains that the other information comprising
        the information included in annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.
xx.     (a)   There is no unspent amount which was required to be transferred to a Fund specified in Schedule VII Companies act
              in compliance with second proviso to sub-section (5) of section 135 of the Companies act, accordingly reporting under
              paragraph 3(xx)(a) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
        (b)   There is no unspent amount under sub-section (5) of section 135 of Companies act pursuant to any ongoing project
              which was required to be transferred to special account in compliance with sub-section (6) of section 135 of the
              Companies act, Accordingly reporting under paragraph 3(xx)(b) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.


                                                                                                             For Kirtane & Pandit LLP
                                                                                                                Chartered Accountants
                                                                                              Firm Registration No.105215W/W100057

                                                                                                                        Suhrud Lele
                                                                                                                             Partner
Place: Mumbai                                                                                                Membership No.: 121162
Date: May 16, 2025                                                                                       UDIN: 25121162BMJHVL6727



                                                                                                   42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 61

===== PAGE 64 =====
ANNEXURE “B” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT ON THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS OF KABRA EXTRUSIONTECHNIK LIMITED FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(Referred to in paragraph 2(A)(f) (under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to of even
date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to the aforesaid standalone financial statements under Clause
(i) of Sub- section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
Opinion
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements of KABRA EXTRUSIONTECHNIK
LIMITED (“the Company”) as of March 31, 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the
Company for the year ended on that date.
In our opinion, the Company and such company incorporated in India which is its joint operation company have, in all material
respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements and such internal financial controls were
operating effectively as at 31 March 2025, based on the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements criteria
established by such companies considering the essential components of such internal controls stated in the Guidance Note
on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the
“Guidance Note”).
Management’s and Board of Directors Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The respective company’s Management and Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining
internal financial controls based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering
the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial
Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct
of its business, including adherence to respective company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection
of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial
information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the Company
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over
Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the Standards on Auditing
prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls.
Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and
maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system
over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the
internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the Company.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with Reference to Financial Statements
A company’s internal financial control with reference to financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of standalone financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial control with reference to financial
statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of standalone financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
standalone financial statements.



62   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 65 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with Reference to Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, including the possibility
of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be
detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with Reference to Financial Statements to future
periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control with Reference to Financial Statements may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


                                                                                                        For Kirtane & Pandit LLP
                                                                                                           Chartered Accountants
                                                                                         Firm Registration No.105215W/W100057

                                                                                                                   Suhrud Lele
                                                                                                                        Partner
Place: Mumbai                                                                                           Membership No.: 121162
Date: May 16, 2025                                                                                  UDIN: 25121162BMJHVL6727




                                                                                              42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 63

===== PAGE 66 =====
Standalone Balance sheet as at 31 March 2025
                                                                                                                   (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                                      As at                      As at
Particulars                                                                       Note
                                                                                              31 March 2025              31 March 2024
ASSETS
Non-current assets
(a) Property, plant and equipment                                                    2A              19,213.23                17,836.00
(b) Capital work-in-progress                                                         2B               5,034.55                 2,036.60
(c)   Intangible assets                                                              2C                 293.14                   499.80
(d) Right of Use Assets                                                              2D                 231.34                        -
(e) Financial assets
      (i)   Investments                                                               3               3,694.02                 4,029.46
      (ii)  Other financial assets                                                    4                 194.52                   133.72
(f)   Other non-current assets                                                        6                 439.91                   351.16
Total Non-current assets                                                                             29,100.70                24,886.75
Current assets
(a) Inventories                                                                       7              29,014.77                23,850.24
(b) Financial assets
      (i)   Investments                                                               8               5,349.26                 3,518.14
      (ii)  Trade receivables                                                         9               9,091.70                 9,915.15
      (iii) Cash and cash equivalents                                                10                 194.92                   644.95
      (iv) Bank balances other than (iii) mentioned above                           10A                 556.14                 3,819.21
      (v)   Loans                                                                    11                  74.24                    42.65
      (vi) Other financial assets                                                    12                 305.32                   594.56
(c)   Other current assets                                                           13               5,268.35                 4,143.95
Total Current assets                                                                                 49,854.72                46,528.85
TOTAL ASSETS                                                                                         78,955.42                71,415.60
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
(a) Equity share capital                                                             14               1,748.64                 1,748.64
(b) Other equity                                                                     15              44,786.65                43,288.68
Total Equity                                                                                         46,535.30                45,037.32
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
(a) Provisions                                                                       16                121.32                    123.74
(b) Financial Liabilties
      (i)   Borrowings                                                               17                  16.89                   562.49
      (ii)  Lease Liabilities                                                      17(a)                155.74                        -
(c)   Deferred tax liabilities (net)                                                  5                 817.66                 1,150.18
(d) Other Non-current liabilities                                                  16(a)              1,381.55                   669.33
Total Non-current liabilities                                                                         2,493.16                 2,505.73
Current liabilities
(a) Financial liabilities
      (i)   Borrowings                                                               17              12,561.75                 7,994.29
      (ii)  Lease Liabilities                                                      17(a)                 87.34                        -
      (iiI) Trade Payable
            (a) Total outstanding dues of Micro,Small and Medium Enterprises         18                309.88                    305.15
            (b) Total outstanding dues other than Micro, Small and Medium
                                                                                     18               7,094.07                 7,780.92
                 Enterprises
      (iv) Other financial liabilities                                               19                 990.11                 1,430.83
(b) Other current liabilities                                                        20               8,125.04                 5,543.55
(c)   Provisions                                                                     21                 646.18                   689.28
(d) Income tax liabilities (net)                                                                        112.60                   128.52
Total Current liabilities                                                                            29,926.97                23,872.55
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                                                         78,955.42                71,415.60
Significant accounting policies                                                       1
Notes referred to above forms an integral part of the standalone financial statements
As per our report of even date attached      For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                     S.V. Kabra                         A. S. Kabra                      Atanu Maity
Chartered Accountants                        Executive Chairman                 Vice Chairman & MD               Chief Executive Officer
Firm Registration Number:105215W             (DIN: 00015415)                    (DIN: 00016010)                  (Extrusion Division)
CA.Suhrud Lele                               Daulat Jain                        Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                      Chief Financial Officer            Company Secretary
Membership No. 121162
Place: Mumbai                                                                   Place: Mumbai
Date: 16 May 2025                                                               Date: 16 May 2025

64   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 67 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


Standalone statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended on 31 March 2025
                                                                                                                       (Amount in ` Lakhs)

        Particulars                                                                  Note        31 March 2025             31 March 2024
I.      Revenue from operations
        (a)   Revenue from operations                                                  22               47,684.69                60,777.42
II.     Other income                                                                   23                1,298.45                    688.07
III.    Total income (I + II)                                                                           48,983.14                61,465.49
IV.     Expenses
        (a)   Cost of materials consumed                                               24               32,048.60                44,306.76
        (b)   Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods and                             25               (2,934.52)               (1,872.09)
              Work-in-progress
        (c)   Employee benefits expense                                                26                5,907.53                  5,539.25
        (d)   Finance costs                                                            27                1,117.31                    978.30
        (e)   Depreciation and Amortization expense                                    2                 2,027.04                  1,557.18
        (f)   Other expenses                                                           29                7,473.91                  6,734.22
        Total Expenses (IV)                                                                             45,639.87                57,243.61
V.      Profit / (Loss) before exceptional items and tax ( III - IV)                                     3,343.28                  4,221.88
VI.     Exceptional Items (Net)                                                                            848.98                          -
VII.    Profit / (Loss) Before Tax (V- VI)                                                               4,192.26                  4,221.87
VIII.   Tax expense
        (a)   Current tax                                                                                1,075.00                  1,074.60
        (b)   Income Tax of earlier years                                                                        -                         -
        (c)   Deferred tax                                                                               (269.94)                   (20.11)
        Total tax expenses                                                                                 805.05                  1,054.49
IX.     Profit/(loss) for the period of continuing operation (VII-VIII)                                  3,387.20                  3,167.38
X.      Other Comprehensive Income
        (a)   Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
              (i) Equity instruments through other comprehensive income                                  (742.51)                    982.09
              (ii) Remeasurements of the defined benefit plans                                              14.76                   (43.11)
        (b)   Income tax on items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                           62.57                   (35.58)
        Total Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss)                                                        (665.18)                    903.40
XI.     Total Comprehensive Income for the year                                                          2,722.03                  4,070.78
XII.    Earnings per share (face value of ₹ 5 each)
        Basic (in ₹)                                                                   33                    9.69                      9.18
        Diluted (in ₹)                                                                 33                    9.69                      9.06
Significant accounting policies                                                        1
Notes referred to above forms an integral part of the standalone financial statements

As per our report of even date attached       For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                      S.V. Kabra                            A. S. Kabra                      Atanu Maity
Chartered Accountants                         Executive Chairman                    Vice Chairman & MD               Chief Executive Officer
Firm Registration Number:105215W              (DIN: 00015415)                       (DIN: 00016010)                  (Extrusion Division)
CA.Suhrud Lele                                Daulat Jain                           Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                       Chief Financial Officer               Company Secretary
Membership No. 121162
Place: Mumbai                                                                       Place: Mumbai
Date: 16 May 2025                                                                   Date: 16 May 2025

                                                                                                   42nd Annual Report 2024-25          | 65

===== PAGE 68 =====
Standalone statements of changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March 2025
                                                                                                                           (Amount in ` Lakhs)
14      Equity share capital
        (1)   Current reporting period (for FY 2024-25)
         Balance at the begnning of the           Change in Equity         Restated balance        Change in equity          Balance at the
         current reporting period                Share Capital due         at the beginning       share capital during     end of the current
                                                to prior period error        of the previous       the Current year         reproting period
                                                                            reporting period
                                     1,748.64                         -                1,748.64                        -             1,748.64
        (2)   Previous reporting period (for FY 2023-24)
         Balance at the begnning of the           Change in Equity         Balance at the end  Change in equity    Balance at the end
         Previous reporting period               Share Capital due           of the previous  share capital during   of the Previous
                                                to prior period error       reproting period   the Previous year    reproting period
                                     1,679.56                         -                1,679.56                 69.09                1,748.64

15      Other equity
(1)     Current reporting period (for FY 2024-25)
                                       Reserves and Surplus                                       Other Reserves                      Total

                         Capital Securities Warrant General Retained                       Debt         Equity    Retained
                         Reserve Premium Proceeds Reserves Earnings                    instruments   Instruments   earning
                                                                                      through Other through Other in Jointly
                                                                                     Comprehensive Comprehensive controlled
                                                                                         Income        Income      entities/
                                                                                                                     joint
                                                                                                                  ventures
Balance at the
beginning of the
                               -   10,542.61          -   5,476.10 24,190.23                       -        3,079.73             -   43,288.67
current reporting
period
Changes in
accounting policy or           -           -          -           -              -                 -               -             -              -
prior period errors
Restated balance
at the beginning
                               -   10,542.61          -   5,476.10 24,190.23                       -        3,079.73             -   43,288.67
of the current
reporting period
Total
Comprehensive
                               -           -          -           -       3,387.20                 -        (665.18)             -    2,722.03
Income for the
current year
Gain on Equity
Instruments which
was classified                 -           -          -           -              -                 -               -             -              -
under FVTOCI
transferred*
Dividends (For FY              -           -          -           - (1,224.05)                     -               -             -   (1,224.05)
2023-24)
Any other change               -           -          -           -              -                 -               -             -              -
(to be specified)
      Issue of Shares          -                                  -              -                 -               -             -              -
      Issue of Warrant         -           -          -           -              -                 -               -             -              -
Balance at the
end of the current             -   10,542.61          -   5,476.10 26,353.39                       -        2,414.56             -   44,786.65
reporting period




66     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 69 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


Standalone Statement of changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March 2025 (Cont.)
                                                                                                                       (Amount in ` Lakhs)
(2)     Previous reporting period (For FY 2023-24)
                                       Reserves and Surplus                                     Other Reserves                      Total

                         Capital Securities Warrant General Retained                      Debt         Equity    Retained
                         Reserve Premium Proceeds Reserves Earnings                   instruments   Instruments   earning
                                                                                     through Other through Other in Jointly
                                                                                    Comprehensive Comprehensive controlled
                                                                                        Income        Income      entities/
                                                                                                                    joint
                                                                                                                 ventures
Balance at the
beginning of the
                               -    6,065.80   1,136.47    5,476.10 21,972.58                    -        2,082.70            -   36,733.65
Previous reporting
period
Changes in
accounting policy or           -           -           -          -             -                -               -            -             -
prior period errors
Restated balance
at the beginning
                               -    6,065.80   1,136.47    5,476.10 21,972.58                    -        2,082.70            -   36,733.65
of the Previous
reporting period
Total Compreh
ensive Income for              -           -           -          -      3,167.38                -         903.40             -     4,070.78
the Previous year
Gain on Equity
Instruments which
was classified                 -           -           -          -       319.59                 -               -            -      319.59
under FVTOCI
transferred*
OCI Reserve
                               -           -           -          -       (93.63)                -          93.63             -             -
adjustment
Dividends (For FY              -           -           -          - (1,175.69)                   -               -            -   (1,175.69)
2022-23)
Transfer to retained           -           -           -          -             -                -               -            -             -
earnings
Any other change               -           -           -          -             -                -               -            -             -
(to be specified)
      Issue of shares          -    4,476.81 (1,136.47)           -             -                -               -            -     3,340.34
      Issue of Warrant         -                       -          -             -                -               -            -             -
Balance at the end
of the Previous                -   10,542.61           -   5,476.10 24,190.23                    -        3,079.73            -   43,288.67
reporting period
* The amount represents the gain on sale of shares of Plastiblends India Ltd. (122402 Shares)

As per our report of even date attached        For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                       S.V. Kabra                            A. S. Kabra                     Atanu Maity
Chartered Accountants                          Executive Chairman                    Vice Chairman & MD              Chief Executive Officer
Firm Registration Number:105215W               (DIN: 00015415)                       (DIN: 00016010)                 (Extrusion Division)
CA.Suhrud Lele                                 Daulat Jain                           Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                        Chief Financial Officer               Company Secretary
Membership No. 121162
Place: Mumbai                                                                        Place: Mumbai
Date: 16 May 2025                                                                    Date: 16 May 2025




                                                                                                     42nd Annual Report 2024-25        | 67

===== PAGE 70 =====
Standalone Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 31 March 2025
                                                                                               (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                For the year        For the year
Particulars                                                                           ended               ended
                                                                              31 March 2025       31 March 2024
A. Cash flow from operating activities
     Net Profit / (Loss) before extraordinary items and tax                         3,343.28            4,221.88
     Adjustments for:
     Depreciation and amortisation (including exceptional item)                     2,027.04            1,557.18
     Provision for impairment of fixed assets and intangibles                              -                    -
     (Profit) / Loss on sale of property, plant and equipments                          0.16                 0.02
     (Profit) / Loss on sale of investments                                         (233.29)              (54.16)
     Dividend income from current investments                                        (60.94)              (62.25)
     Fair value changes of current investments                                      (188.78)             (196.07)
     Interest income from financial assets at amortised cost                        (105.08)             (360.93)
     Interest expenditure on borrowings                                              914.04               756.27
     Bill discounting and factoring charges                                          184.89               147.74
     Other borrowing costs                                                            18.37                74.29
     Fair value changes in derivative instruments                                     11.46                10.66
     Balance Written back                                                           (710.35)                    -
     Warrenty provision                                                              360.13                     -
     Remeasurements of defined benefit plans                                          14.76               (43.11)
     Provision for doubtful trade and other receivables, loans and advances          533.78                99.06
                                                                                   2,766.19             1,928.69
     Operating profit / (loss) before working capital changes                       6,109.47            6,150.57
     Changes in working capital:
     (Increase) / Decrease in inventories                                         (5,164.53)           (2,928.03)
     (Increase) / Decrease in trade receivables                                      823.42             1,043.04
     (Increase) / Decrease in other bank balances                                   3,263.07            1,346.85
     (Increase) / Decrease in current loans                                          (31.60)                 7.55
     (Increase) / Decrease in other current financial asset                          289.24               (25.18)
     (Increase) / Decrease in other current assets                                (1,124.40)           (1,351.03)
     (Increase) / Decrease in non-current loans                                      (51.82)                11.20
     (Increase) / Decrease in other non-current assets                              (240.32)                    -
     Increase / (Decrease) in trade payables                                        (682.13)              (32.75)
     Increase / (Decrease) in other financial liabilities                           (440.71)              224.57
     Increase / (Decrease) in other current liabilities                             2,581.49              203.86
     Increase / (Decrease) in other non current liabilities                          541.03                     -
     Increase / (Decrease) in short-term provisions                                 (712.43)             (313.06)
     Increase / (Decrease) in lease liability                                        243.08                     -
     Increase / (Decrease)in long-term provisions                                     (2.42)               15.92
     Cash generated from operations                                                 5,400.43            4,353.51
     Net income tax (paid) / refunds                                                (883.55)           (1,074.03)
     Net cash flow from / (used in) operating activities                            4,516.89            3,279.48




68   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 71 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


Standalone Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 31 March 2025 (Cont.)
                                                                                                                  (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                              For the year              For the year
Particulars                                                                                         ended                     ended
                                                                                            31 March 2025             31 March 2024
B. Cash flow from investing activities
    Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment                                           (6,181.39)               (4,569.48)
    Expenditure on intangibles (including capital advances)                                           (52.61)                   357.21
    Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                 0.49                      2.77
    Investment in subsidiaries                                                                        898.92                          -
    Deffered tax expenses                                                                             269.94                   (20.11)
    Sale of Non-Current Investment                                                                          -                   326.89
    Net sale / (purchase) of current investments                                                   (1,684.45)               (1,681.70)
    Interest received                                                                                 105.08                    360.93
    Dividend received                                                                                  60.94                     62.25
    Net cash flow from / (used in) investing activities                                            (6,583.07)               (5,161.23)
C. Cash flow from financing activities
    Interest expenditure on term loan and cash credit                                               (914.04)                  (756.27)
    Issue of Warrants                                                                                       -                 3,340.33
    Issue of Equity                                                                                         -                         -
    Bill discounting and factoring charges                                                          (184.89)                  (147.74)
    Other borrowing costs                                                                             (18.37)                  (74.29)
    Fair value changes in derivative instruments                                                      (11.46)                  (10.66)
    Dividend paid                                                                                  (1,224.05)               (1,175.69)
    Tax on interim dividend                                                                                 -                         -
    Borrowings / (Repayment) (Net)                                                                  3,968.97                  1,158.60
    Net cash flow from / (used in) financing activities                                             1,616.15                  2,334.28
    Net increase / (decrease) in Cash and cash equivalents                                          (450.03)                    452.54
    Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                            644.95                    192.42
    Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                  194.92                    644.95


As per our report of even date attached      For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                     S.V. Kabra                        A. S. Kabra                      Atanu Maity
Chartered Accountants                        Executive Chairman                Vice Chairman & MD               Chief Executive Officer
Firm Registration Number:105215W             (DIN: 00015415)                   (DIN: 00016010)                  (Extrusion Division)
CA.Suhrud Lele                               Daulat Jain                       Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                      Chief Financial Officer           Company Secretary
Membership No. 121162
Place: Mumbai                                                                  Place: Mumbai
Date: 16 May 2025                                                              Date: 16 May 2025




                                                                                              42nd Annual Report 2024-25          | 69

===== PAGE 72 =====
Notes to the Standalone financial statements for the year ended 31st March 2025

The Corporate overview
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (the Company) is a public company domiciled and incorporated in India. The Registered Office is
situated at Andheri (West), Mumbai – 400053. The shares of the Company are listed on two stock exchanges in India i.e. National
Stock Exchange (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (‘the Company’ or ‘KET’) CIN: L28900MH1982PLC028535 is India’s premier manufacturer &
exporter of plastic extrusion machineries for manufacturing pipe & films and lithium-ion battery packs for electric mobility & energy
storage application. The company is part of renowned Kolsite Group having over 6 decades of experience. The company enjoys
leadership position in the plastic extrusion market with more than 15,000 installations and presence around 100+ countries across
globe. It has two manufacturing units at Daman alongwith state of the art R&D facilities for its Extrusion division.
Geon (erstwhile Battrixx) is the Battery division of the company. It is dedicated to developing and producing green energy systems
and solutions, through strong R&D capabilities, that will power the growth of India’s transition into green energy storage and
electric mobility. The company has a battery pack manufacturing facility at Chakan, Pune.
Material Accounting Policies
a)   Statement of compliance & Basis of Preparation
     The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under
     Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read together with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules,
     2015 and related amendments as notified from time to time (hereinafter referred as ‘Ind AS’).
     Accordingly, the Company has prepared these Financial Statements which comprise the Balance Sheet as at 31 March,
     2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31 March 2025, the Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended
     31 March 2025 and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended as on that date, and accounting policies and other
     explanatory information (together hereinafter referred to as ‘financial statements’).
     These financial statements are approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 16th May, 2025.
     The financial statements have been prepared on accrual and going concern basis. The accounting policies are applied
     consistently to all the periods presented in the financial statements. All assets and liabilities have been classified as current
     or non-current as per the Company’s normal operating cycle and other criteria as set out in the Division II of Schedule III to
     the Companies Act, 2013.
b)   Basis of measurement
     The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following items, which are measured
     on an alternative basis on each reporting date.
     •     Certain financial assets and liabilities (including derivative instruments) are measured at fair value.
     •     Defined benefit plans – plan assets are measured at fair value.
c)   Rounding of amounts
     All amounts disclosed in the Financial Statements including notes have been rounded off to the nearest lakhs in Indian
     Rupee (INR 00,000) as per the requirements of Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013; unless otherwise indicated.
     a)    Property, plant and equipment
           •     Recognition and measurement
                 Freehold land is carried at historical cost. All other items of property, plant and equipment are stated at
                 Cost of acquisition less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Cost comprises of
                 purchase price, non-refundable taxes and duties and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its
                 working condition for the intended use. Any trade discounts and rebates are deducted in arriving at the purchase
                 price.
                 Borrowing costs attributable to construction or acquisition of a qualifying asset for the period up to the date, the
                 asset is ready for its intended use are included in the cost of the asset to which they relate.
                 Pre-operative expenditure including trial run expenses comprising of revenue expenses incurred as reduced by
                 the revenue generated during the period up to the date, the asset is ready for its intended use are treated as part
                 of costs of that asset.
                 Capital work-in-progress comprises of the cost of property, plant and equipment that are not yet completely ready
                 for their intended use as at the balance sheet date.
           •     Subsequent costs
                 The cost of replacing a part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in the carrying amount
                 of the item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the company
                 and its cost can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized. Repairs and
                 maintenance cost are recognized in the statement of profit and loss when incurred.

70   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 73 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


         •    Derecognition
              An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are
              expected from its use or disposal. Gains and losses on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are
              determined by comparing the proceeds from disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment,
              and are recognised net and disclosed within other income or expenses in the statement of profit and loss.
         •    Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives and residual value
              Depreciation is provided on the Straight Line Method (SLM) over the estimated useful lives of the assets
              considering the nature, estimated usage, operating conditions, past history of replacement, anticipated
              technological changes, manufacturer’s warranties and maintenance support. Taking into account these factors,
              the Company has decided to retain the useful life hitherto adopted for various categories of property, plant and
              equipments which are different from those prescribed in Schedule II of the Act.
               Type of Asset                                                                  Estimated useful llfe (Years)
               Plant & Equipments                                                                                       2 to 15
               Building                                                                                                20 to 30
               Furniture & Fixture                                                                                      2 to 15
               Vehicles                                                                                                 8 to 10
               Office Eqipments                                                                                          2 to 8
                Computer                                                                                                 2 to 3
              Asset costing ₹ 5,000 or less are fully depreciated in the year of purchase.
              Leasehold land is to be amortized equally over the lease period. Freehold land is not depreciated.
              The useful lives are reviewed at each year end. Changes in expected useful lives are treated as change in
              accounting estimates. Depreciation is not recorded on capital work-in-progress until construction and installation
              are complete and the asset is ready for its intended use.
    b)   Intangible assets
         •    Recognition and measurement
              Intangible assets are recognised when the asset is identifiable, is within the control of the company, it is probable
              that the future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset will flow to the company and cost of the asset
              can be reliably measured.
              Intangible assets acquired by the company that have finite useful lives are measured at cost less accumulated
              amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.
              Research costs are charged to the statement of Profit and Loss in the year in which they are incurred. Product
              development costs incurred on new vehicle platform, engines, transmission and new products are recognised
              as intangible assets, when feasibility has been established, the Company has committed technical, financial and
              other resources to complete the development and it is probable that asset will generate future economic benefits.
              The cost of an internally generated intangible asset is the sum of directly attributable expenditure incurred from
              the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria to the completion of its development. Interest
              cost incurred is capitalised up to the date the asset is ready for its intended use for qualifying assets, based on
              borrowings incurred specifically for financing the asset or the weighted average rate of all other borrowings if no
              specific borrowings have been incurred for the asset. Product development expenditure is measured at cost less
              accumulated amortisation and impairment, if any amortisation is not recorded on product engineering in progress
              until development is complete.
         •    Derecognition
              An item of intangible asset is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected
              from its use or disposal. Gains and losses on disposal of intangible asset are determined by comparing the
              proceeds from disposal with the carrying amount of intangible asset and are recognised net and disclosed within
              other income or expenses in the statement of profit and loss.
         •    Amortisation
              Amortisation is calculated over the cost of the asset, or other amount substituted for cost. Amortisation is
              recognised in statement of profit and loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible
              assets from the date that they are available for use, since this most closely reflects the expected pattern of
              consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in the asset.
    c)   Leases
         The Company as a lessee
         The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use
         asset is initially measured at cost.

                                                                                             42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 71

===== PAGE 74 =====
          The right-of-use assets are subsequently depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
          a straight-line basis. In addition, the right-of-use asset is reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain
          remeasurements of the lease liability.
          The lease liability is initially measured at amortised cost at the present value of the future lease payments, discounted
          using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using the incremental borrowing
          rate.
          It is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is
          a change in the Company’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the
          Company changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.
          When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the
          right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to
          zero.
          The Company has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have
          a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The Company recognises the lease payments
          associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
          The Company as lessor
          When the Company acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an
          operating lease.
          Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract
          is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
          When the Company is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sublease separately.
          The sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head
          lease.
          The Company recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over the
          lease term.
     d)   Impairment of assets
          At the end of each reporting period, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets
          and investments in associate and joint ventures to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have
          suffered an impairment loss.
          If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less cost to
          sell, of the asset or cash-generating unit, as the case may be, is estimated and impairment loss (if any) is recognised
          and the carrying amount is reduced to its recoverable amount.
          In assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value. When it is not
          possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates the recoverable amount of
          the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
          Except for goodwill, when an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-
          generating unit is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, so that the increased carrying amount
          does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for
          the asset (or cash-generating unit) earlier.
          Goodwill, intangible assets and intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually
          and whenever there is an indication that the asset may be impaired.
          Reversal of impairment loss
          An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is
          Reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have
          been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.
     e)   Inventories
          Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
          Cost of raw materials, components and consumables are ascertained on a moving weighted average basis. Cost,
          including fixed and variable production overheads, are allocated to work-in-progress and finished goods determined
          on a full absorption cost basis.
          Cost of inventories also include all other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
          Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated cost of completion
          and selling expenses.



72   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 75 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


    f)   Cash and cash equivalents
         Cash and Cash Equivalent include Cash on hand, Demand deposit with Banks, Other short-term highly liquid
         investments with original maturities of three months or less. Bank overdradfts are shown within short-term borrowings
         in the balance sheet.
    g)   Revenue recognition
         i)    Sale of Products
               The Company recognises revenues from sale of products measured at the amount of transaction price (net of
               variable consideration), when it satisfies its performance obligation at a point in time which is when products are
               delivered to buyers. Accordingly revenue is recongnised when all significant risks and rewards of ownership of
               the goods are passed on to the buyer, recovery of the consideration is probable, the associated costs can be
               estimated reliably, there is no continuing effective control over, or managerial involvement with, the goods, and
               the amount of revenue can be measured reliably. It excludes Goods and Service tax (GST), sales tax wherever
               applicable. The transaction price of goods sold is net of variable consideration on account of various discounts
               and schemes offered by the Company as part of the contract.
         ii)   Sale of Services
               Sale of services includes maintenance services provided to the customers.
    h)   Other income
         •     Interest income
               Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to
               the Company and the amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest income is accrued on, time basis, by
               reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly
               discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to that asset's net
               carrying amount on initial recognition.
         •     Dividend
               Dividends are recognised in the statement of profit and loss only when the right to receive the payment is
               established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the company, and
               the amount can be measured reliably.
         •     Export Incentive
               Export incentives are recognised when the right to receive credit as per the terms of incentives is established in
               respect of the exports made and when there is no significant uncertainty regarding the ultimate collection of the
               relevant export proceeds.
    i)   Borrowing costs:
         Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets
         that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of
         those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing
         costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
    j)   Foreign currency transactions and balances
         Transactions in foreign currency are recorded at exchange rates prevailing at the date of transactions. Exchange
         differences arising on foreign exchange transactions settled during the year are recognized in the statement of profit
         and loss of the year.
         Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies which are outstanding, as at the reporting period are
         translated at the closing exchange rates and the resultant exchange differences are recognized in the statement of
         profit and loss.
         Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured in terms of historical cost are
         translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.
         The date of the transaction for the purpose of determining the exchange rate to use on the initial recognition of the
         related asset, expense or income (or part of it) is the date on which entity initially recognizes the non-monetary asset
         or non-monetary liability arising from the payment or receipt of advance.
    k)   Employee Benefits
         Short-term employee benefits
         All employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months of rendering the services are classified as short-term
         employee benefits. Benefits such as salaries, wages, expected cost of bonus and short-term compensated absences,
         performance pay etc. are recognized in the period in which the employee renders the related service.



                                                                                             42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 73

===== PAGE 76 =====
          Post-employment benefits
          Defined Contribution plans
          The company’s approved Superannuation Scheme, Central Provident Fund Scheme and National Pension Scheme
          are a defined contribution plan. The company has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been
          paid. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due.
          Defined contribution to Employees Pension Scheme 1995 is made to Government Provident Fund Authority and
          recognized as expense as and when due.
          Defined Benefit plans
          The Company operates a defined benefit gratuity plan, which requires contributions to be made to a fund set up by
          Life Insurance Corporation of India. The present value of the obligation under such defined benefit plans is determined
          based on actuarial valuation using the projected unit credit method, which recognises each period of service as
          giving rise to additional unit of employee benefit entitlement and measures each unit separately to build up the final
          obligation.
          The obligation is measured at the present value of the estimated future cash flows. The discount rates used for
          determining the present value of the obligation under defined benefit plans, is based on the market yields on government
          securities as at the reporting date, having maturity periods approximating to the terms of related obligations.
          Remeasurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling, excluding amounts included
          in net interest on the net defined benefit liability and the return on plan assets, are recognised immediately in the
          balance sheet with a corresponding debit or credit to retained earnings through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) in
          the period in which they occur. Remeasurements are not reclassified to the statement of profit and loss in subsequent
          periods.
          In case of funded plans, the fair value of the plan’s assets is reduced from the gross obligation under the defined
          benefit plans, to recognise the obligation on net basis.
          Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments or curtailments are
          recognised immediately in profit or loss as past service cost.
          Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or the fair value of the plan
          asset. The cost is included in employee benefit expense in the statement of profit and loss.
          Other long-term employee benefits
          The liabilities for earned leave which are not expected to be settled within twelve months after the end of the reporting
          period in which the employee render the related service. They are therefore measured as the present value of expected
          future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employee up to the end of the reporting period using the
          projected unit credit method. The benefits are discounted using the market yields at the end of the reporting period that
          have terms approximating the terms of the related obligation. Remeasurements as a result of experience adjustments
          and change in actuarial assumptions are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. The obligations are presented
          as current liabilities in the Balance Sheet if the entity does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement for at
          least twelve months after the reporting period, regardless of when the actual settlement is expected to occur.
     l)    Taxation
          Current tax is determined as the amount of tax payable in respect of taxable income for the year. The Company’s
          current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting
          period.
          Deferred tax
          Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and
          liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the reporting date.Deferred tax liabilities are
          recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:
          •    When the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction
               that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor
               taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;
          •    In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests
               in joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable
               that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
          Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits and
          any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be
          available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused
          tax losses can be utilised, except:




74   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 77 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


         •     When the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of
               an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects
               neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
               temporary differences;
         •     In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
               interests in joint ventures, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the
               temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the
               temporary differences can be utilised.
         Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss (either in other
         comprehensive income or in equity). Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction
         either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
         The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
         extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be
         recovered.
         Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the
         liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
         enacted by the end of the reporting period.
         The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
         manner in which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of
         its assets and liabilities.
    m)   Government Grant:
         Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attached
         conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to revenue, it is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
         on a systematic basis over the periods to which they relate.
         When the grant relates to an asset, it is treated as deferred income and recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
         on a systematic basis over the useful life of the asset using capital approach.
    n)   Provisions and contingencies
         A provision is recorded when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events,
         it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reasonably
         estimated.
         Provision is made for estimated warranty claims in respect of products sold which are still under warranty at the end
         of the reporting period. These claims are expected to be settled as and when warranty claims arise. Management
         estimates the provision based on historical warranty claim information and any recent trends that may suggest future
         claims could differ from historical amounts.
         A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events whose existence will be confirmed by the
         occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events beyond the control of the Company or a present
         obligation that is not recognized because it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the
         obligation. A contingent liability also arises where there is a liability that cannot be recognized because it cannot be
         measured reliably. The Company does not recognize a contingent liability but discloses its existence in the financial
         statements.
         Contingent assets are not recognised in financial statements, unless they are virtually certain. However, contingent
         assets are disclosed where inflow of economic benefits are probable.
         Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets are reviewed at each balance sheet date.
    o)   Fair value measurement
         Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
         between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that
         the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
         •     In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
         •     In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
         The company uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
         are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of
         unobservable inputs.
         •     Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
         •     Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement
               is directly or indirectly observable.

                                                                                               42nd Annual Report 2024-25        | 75

===== PAGE 78 =====
          •     Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement
                is unobservable.
          For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the company determines
          whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the lowest
          level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.
          For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the company has determined classes of assets and liabilities based on the
          nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy.
     p)   Financial instruments
          A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity
          instrument of another entity.
          Initial recognition and measurement
          Financial instruments are initially recognised when the entity becomes party to the contract.
          Financial instruments are measured initially at fair value adjusted for transaction costs that are directly attributable to
          the origination of the financial instrument where financial instruments not classified at fair value through profit or loss.
          Transaction costs of financial instruments which are classified as fair value through profit or loss are expensed in the
          statement of profit and loss.
          Subsequent measurement of financial assets
          For the purposes of subsequent measurement, the financial assets are classified in the following categories based on
          the company’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of cash flows:
          •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value; either through OCI or through profit or loss
          •     those measured at amortised cost
          For assets measured at fair value, changes in fair value will either be recorded in the statement of profit and loss or
          OCI. For investments in debt instruments, this will depend on the business model in which investment is held. For
          investments in equity instruments, this will depend on whether the company has made an irrevocable election at the
          time of initial recognition to account for equity investment at fair value through OCI.
          The company reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets
          changes.
          Debt instruments at amortised cost
          A ‘debt instrument’ is measured at the amortised cost if both the following conditions are satisfied:
          •     The asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets for collecting contractual cash flows,
                and
          •     The contractual terms of the asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding.
          A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at amortised cost and is not part of hedging
          relationship is recognised in the statement of profit and loss when the asset is derecognised or impaired. Interest
          income from these financial assets is included in finance income using effective interest rate (EIR) method.
          Equity investments
          All equity investments in the scope of Ind AS 109 Financial Instruments are measured at fair value. Equity instruments
          which are held for trading are classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity instruments, the company may make an
          irrevocable election to recognise subsequent changes in the fair value in OCI. The company makes such election on
          an instrument-by-instrument basis. The classification is made on initial recognition and is irrevocable.
          If the company decides to classify an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value changes on the instrument,
          excluding dividends, are recognized in OCI. There is no recycling of the amounts from OCI to the statement of profit
          and loss, even on sale of equity instrument.
          Equity instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognised in the
          statement of profit and loss.
          Subsequent measurement of financial liabilities
          For the purposes of subsequent measurement, the financial liabilities are classified in the following categories:
          •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
          •     those measured at amortised cost
          Following financial liabilities will be classified under FVTPL:
          •     Financial liabilities held for trading


76   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 79 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


         •     Derivative financial liabilities
         •     Liability designated to be measured under FVTPL All other financial liabilities are classified at amortised cost.
         For financial liabilities measured at fair value, changes in fair value will recorded in the statement of profit and loss
         except for the fair value changes on account of own credit risk are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI).
         Interest expense on financial liabilities classified under amortised cost category are measured using effective interest
         rate (EIR) method and are recognised in statement of profit or loss.
         Derecognition of financial instruments
         The company derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset
         expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the
         risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which the company neither transfers nor
         retain substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset.
         A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When
         an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms
         of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the
         original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised
         in the statement of profit or loss.
         Impairment of financial assets
         The company applies Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of impairment loss on the
         financial assets mentioned below:
         •     Financial assets that are debt instrument and are measured at amortised cost
         •     Financial assets that are debt instruments and are measured as at FVOCI
         •     Trade receivables under Ind AS 18
         The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. Details
         how the company determines whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk is explained in the respective
         notes.
         For impairment of trade receivables, the company chooses to apply practical expedient of providing expected credit
         loss based on provision matrix and does not require the Company to track changes in credit risk. Percentage of ECL
         under provision matrix is determined based on historical data as well as futuristic information.
         Derivative financial instruments
         Initial measurement and subsequent measurement
         The company uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts to hedge foreign currency
         risks. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative
         contract is entered into and are subsequently re-measured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as financial assets
         when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative. Any gains or losses arising
         from changes in the fair value of derivatives are taken directly to profit or loss.
    q)   Dividend Distribution
         The Company recognises a liability to make dividend distributions to equity holders of the Company when the
         distribution is authorised and approved by the shareholders. Any interim dividend paid is recognised on approval by
         Board of Directors. Dividend payable and corresponding tax on dividend distribution is recognised directly in equity.
    r)   Earnings per share (EPS)
         Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the company by the weighted
         average number of equity shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in equity shares
         issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.
         For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit for the period attributable to equity shareholders
         and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for the effects of all dilutive
         potential equity shares. In computing diluted earnings per share, only potential equity shares that are dilutive and that
         either reduces earnings per share or increases loss per share are included
    s)   Operating Segment
         The Company has determined that the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) is the Board of Directors (BoD).
         Operating segments used to present segment information are identified based on the internal reports used and
         reviewed by the BOD to assess performance and allocate resources.




                                                                                              42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 77

===== PAGE 80 =====
          An Operating Segment is the level at which discrete financial information is available. Business segments are identified
          considering:
          a)    the nature of products and services
          b)    the differing risks and returns
          c)    the internal organisation and management structure, and
          d)    the internal financial reporting systems.
          Revenue and expenses directly attributable to segments are reported under each reportable segment. Exceptional
          items and other expenses which are not attributable or allocable to segments are disclosed separately. Assets and
          liabilities that are directly attributable or allocable to segments are disclosed under each reportable segment. All other
          assets and liabilities are disclosed as unallocable assets and liabilities.
          The company is an operating company, primarily having operations in Extrusion Machinery and Battery Division.
          The segment related disclosure for comparative period.
     t)   Significant accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions
          The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with Ind AS, requires the management to make judgments,
          estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of revenue, expenses, current assets, non-current assets, current
          liabilities, non-current liabilities, disclosure of the contingent liabilities and notes to accounts at the end of each reporting
          period. Actuals may differ from these estimates.
          Judgements
          In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies, management have made the following judgements,
          which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:
          Useful life, method and residual value of property, plant and equipments
          Plant and machineries and factory buildings contribute significant portion of the Company's Property, plant and
          equipment. The Company estimates the useful life and residual value of assets. However the actual useful life and
          residual value may be shorter / less or longer / more depending on technical innovations and competitive actions.
          Further, Company is depreciating its plant and machineries and factory buildings by using straight line method based
          on the management estimate that repairs / wear and tear to plant and machineries and factory buildings are consistent
          over useful life of assets.
          Contingent liability
          The Company has received orders and notices from tax authorities in respect of direct taxes and indirect taxes.
          Management regularly analyses current information about these matters and discloses the information of related
          contingent liability. In making the decision regarding the need for creating loss provision, management considers the
          degree of probability of an unfavourable outcome and the ability to make a sufficiently reliable estimate of the amount
          of loss. The filing of a suit or formal assertion of a claim against the Company or the disclosure of any such suit or
          assertions, does not automatically indicate that a provision of a loss may be appropriate.
          Estimates and assumptions
          The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that
          have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
          financial year, are described below. The Company based its estimates and assumptions on parameters available when
          the financial statements are prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however,
          may change due to market conditions or circumstances arising that are beyond the control of the Company. Such
          changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.
          Defined benefit obligation
          The cost of the defined benefit plans and other post-employment benefits and the present value of the obligations
          are determined using actuarial valuation. An actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions that may differ
          from actual developments in the future. These include the determination of the discount rate, future salary increases,
          mortality rates and future post-retirement medical benefit increase. Due to the complexities involved in the valuation and
          its long-term nature, a defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions
          are reviewed at each reporting date.
          The parameter most subject to change is the discount rate. In determining the appropriate discount rate, management
          considers the interest rates of government bonds in currencies consistent with the currencies of the post-employment
          benefit obligations and extrapolated as needed along the yield curve to correspond with the expected term of the
          defined benefit obligation.
          The mortality rate is based on publicly available mortality tables. Those mortality tables tend to change only at intervals
          in response to demographic changes. Future salary increases are based on the expected future inflation rates for the
          country.


78   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 81 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


         Further details about defined benefit obligations are provided in the respective note prepared elsewhere in the financial
         statement.
         Deferred Tax
         Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences including the carry forward of unused tax
         credits. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against
         which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits can be utilized.
         Estimation and underlying assumptions are reviewed on ongoing basis. Revisions to estimates are recognised
         prospectively.
    u)   Recent accounting pronouncements
         For the year ended March 31, 2025, MCA has notified Ind AS – 117 Insurance Contracts and amendments to Ind
         AS 116 – Leases, relating to sale and leaseback transactions, applicable to the Company w.e.f. April 1, 2024. The
         Company has reviewed the new pronouncements and based on its evaluation has determined that it does not have
         any impact in its financial statements.




                                                                                             42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 79

===== PAGE 82 =====
                                   2A   Property, plant and equipment




80
                                        Changes in the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment
                                        Current reporting period (FY 2024-25)
                                                                                                                                                                                                     (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                         Particulars                                       Land        Building          Land         Plant &       Furniture &    Vehicles         Office       Computer       Total
                                                                                        (Freehold)                    (Leasehold)    Equipment       Fixtures                     Equipments
                                         Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2024           2,805.94     5,901.35         1,321.64     15,372.14        1,112.28       375.31           327.29       977.10     28,193.04
                                         Additions                                                 -     1,817.57                -      2,673.47          66.00               -          67.62        77.01      4,701.68
                                         Government Incentive (Adjustments)                        -       (90.25)               -     (1,416.22)         (4.01)                        (0.62)        (2.46)    (1,513.56)
                                         Disposal/retirements/derecognition                        -              -              -            (1)              -              -         (1.21)        (2.96)        (4.67)
                                         Gross carrying amount as at 31 March 2025         2,805.94      7,628.67         1,321.64     16,628.89        1,174.27       375.31          393.09       1,048.69    31,376.49
                                         Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2024               -     1,556.12            71.27      6,650.62         868.82        161.22          247.91        800.86     10,357.04




| Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
                                         Depreciation                                              -       182.02            13.91      1,386.58          54.20         40.68            30.32       102.53      1,810.24
                                         Disposal/retirements/derecognition                        -              -              -         (0.01)              -              -         (1.15)        (2.86)        (4.02)
                                         Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2025              -     1,738.13            85.19      8,037.19         923.02        201.90          277.08        900.53     12,163.26
                                         Carrying amount as at 31 March 2024               2,805.94      4,345.23         1,250.36      8,721.52         243.46        214.10            79.38       176.24     17,836.00
                                         Carrying amount as at 31 March 2025               2,805.94      5,890.53         1,236.45      8,591.70         251.24        173.42           116.01       148.16     19,213.23
                                        Note:
                                        (i)  Refer note 17 for details of property, plant and equipment pledged as security for borrowings.
                                        (ii)    The Title Deeds of Immovable Properties are held in name of the Company.
                                        (iii)   The Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment as at 31st March 2025
                                        Previous reporting period (FY 2023-24)
                                                                                                                                                                                                     (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                         Particulars                                       Land        Building          Land         Plant &       Furniture &    Vehicles         Office       Computer       Total
                                                                                        (Freehold)                    (Leasehold)    Equipment       Fixtures                     Equipments
                                         Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2023           2,805.94     5,659.25         1,321.64     12,680.89        1,090.92       350.10           298.78       878.74     25,086.25
                                         Additions                                                 -       242.09                -      2,697.48          21.36         25.22            28.51       100.29      3,114.94
                                         Government Incentive (Adjustments)                        -              -              -              -              -              -              -              -            -
                                         Disposal/retirements/derecognition                        -              -              -         (6.23)              -              -              -        (1.93)        (8.16)
                                         Gross carrying amount as at 31 March 2024         2,805.94      5,901.35         1,321.64     15,372.14        1,112.28       375.31          327.29        977.10     28,193.04
                                         Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2023               -     1,397.42            57.36      5,704.34         816.11        120.28          223.18        730.77      9,049.69
                                         Depreciation                                              -       158.69            13.91        949.82          52.71         40.94            24.73        71.94      1,312.74
                                         Disposal/retirements/derecognition                        -              -              -         (3.54)              -              -              -        (1.84)        (5.39)
                                         Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2023              -     1,556.12            71.27      6,650.62         868.82        161.22          247.91        800.86     10,357.04
                                         Carrying amount as at 31 March 2023               2,805.94      4,261.83         1,264.27      6,976.54         274.81        229.82            75.61       147.97     16,036.56
                                         Carrying amount as at 31 March 2024               2,805.94      4,345.23         1,250.36      8,721.52         243.46        214.10            79.38       176.24     17,836.00

===== PAGE 83 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                    (Amount in ` Lakhs)
2B   Capital work in progress (CWIP)
     Current reporting period (FY 2024-25)
     Particulars                                                                                            Total
     As at 1 April 2024                                                                                       2,036.60
     Additions                                                                                                5,034.55
     Capitalised                                                                                              2,036.60
     As at 31 March 2025                                                                                      5,034.55

                                                         Amount in CWIP for a period of                        Total
     Particulars                         Less than 1       1-2 years      2-3 years       More than 3
                                            year                                            years
     Current year as at 31 March 2025
     Projects in progress                     5,034.55                  -             -                 -      5,034.55
     Projects temporarily suspended                  -                  -             -                 -             -
     Previous reporting period (FY 2023-24)
     Particulars                                                                                            Total
     As at 1 April 2023                                                                                         590.23
     Additions                                                                                                2,036.60
     Capitalised                                                                                                590.23
     As at 31 March 2024                                                                                      2,036.60

                                                         Amount in CWIP for a period of                        Total
     Particulars                         Less than 1       1-2 years      2-3 years       More than 3
                                            year                                            years
     Current year as at 31 March 2024
     Projects in progress                     2,036.60                                -                 -      2,036.60
     Projects temporarily suspended                  -                  -             -                 -             -
2C   Intangible assets
     Changes in the carrying amount of intangible assets (FY 2024-25)
     Particulars                                               Technical           Software                 Total
                                                               Know-How
     Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2024                       2,927.25              275.83               3,203.07
     Additions                                                         22.20               65.82                  88.02
     Government Incentive (Adjustments)                             (120.03)               (4.13)              (124.15)
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                    -                    -                     -
     Gross carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                      2,829.42              337.52               3,166.94
     Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2024                    2,492.31              210.97               2,703.27
     Depreciation                                                     106.06               64.48                 170.53
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                    -                    -                     -
     Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2025                   2,598.36              275.44               2,873.80
     Carrying amount as at 31 March 2024                              434.94               64.86                 499.80
     Carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                              231.06               62.08                 293.14
     Previous reporting period (FY 2023-24)
     Particulars                                               Technical           Software                 Total
                                                               Know-How
     Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2023                       2,927.25              250.26               3,177.51
     Additions                                                             -               25.57                  25.57
     Government Incentive (Adjustments)                                    -                   -                      -
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                    -                   -                      -
     Gross carrying amount as at 31 March 2024                      2,927.25              275.83               3,203.07
     Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2023                    2,286.56              172.27               2,458.83
     Depreciation                                                     205.74               38.70                 244.44
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                    -                   -                      -
     Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2024                   2,492.31              210.97               2,703.27
     Carrying amount as at 31 March 2023                              640.69               77.99                 718.68
     Carrying amount as at 31 March 2024                              434.94               64.86                 499.80

                                                                                    42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 81

===== PAGE 84 =====
                                                                                                    (Amount in ` Lakhs)
2D   Right of Use Assets
     Changes in the carrying amount of ROU Assets (FY 2024-25)
      Particulars                                                                                         Amounts
      Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2024                                                                      -
      Additions                                                                                                277.61
      Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                                                            -
      Gross carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                                                                277.61
      Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2024                                                                   -
      Depreciation                                                                                              46.27
      Disposal/retirements/derecognition
      Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2025                                                              46.27
      Carrying amount as at 31 March 2024                                                                           -
      Carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                                                                      231.34

Paritculars                                                   As at 31 March 2025            As at 31 March 2024
                                                            Units (nos.)     Amounts       Units (nos.)     Amounts
 3    Investments (Non-current)
      Category wise instruments
      Investment in Equity Instruments                         2144780        2,733.67        2644180        3,526.11
      Investment in Debentures                                 9342500          934.25        4772500          477.25
      Investment in Bonds                                         2610           26.10           2610           26.10
                                                              11489890        3,694.02        7419290        4,029.46
 A    Investment in Subsidiaries, Assosciates and
      Joint Ventures
      Investment in equity instrument carried at cost
      Unquoted investments
      Investment in Subsidiaries
      Varos Technology Private limited (Equity shares at         10000          80.00           10000           80.00
      face value of ₹ 10 each)(Refer Note No.1)
      Kabra Energy Pvt.Ltd (Formaly known as Kolsite               1000             0.10          1000             0.10
      Energy Pvt. Ltd.) (Equity shares at face value of
      ₹ 10 each)(Refer Note No.2)
      Investment in Joint Ventures
      Penta Auto Feeding India Ltd. (Equity shares at                  -               -       499400           49.94
      face value  of ₹ 10 each)(Upto 6th Feb 2025)
      Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt. Ltd. (Equity           699800          69.98          699800           69.98
      shares at face value of ₹ 10)
                                                                710800         150.08         1210200          200.02
      Investment in Debt instruments at cost
      Investment in Subsidiaries
      Zero rated Compulsory Convertible Debentures             8000000         800.00         4772500          477.25
      (CCD) of Varos Technology Private Limited
      (Debentures at face value of ₹ 10 each)
      (Refer Note. 3)
      Compulsory Convertible Debentures (CCD) rated            1342500         134.25                 -               -
      0.001% of Varos Technology Private Limited
      (Debentures at face value of ₹ 10 each) (Refer
      Note. 4)
                                                               9342500         934.25         4772500          477.25
 B    Investments in other entities
      Investments in equity instruments of other
      entities measured at Fair Value through Other
      Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)
      Quoted investments
      Plastiblends India Ltd. (Equity shares of ₹ 5 each)      1433967        2,583.58        1433967        3,326.09
                                                               1433967        2,583.58        1433967        3,326.09


82   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 85 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                                  (Amount in ` Lakhs)
Paritculars                                                         As at 31 March 2025                   As at 31 March 2024
                                                                 Units (nos.)         Amounts           Units (nos.)      Amounts
     Investments in equity instruments of other
     entities measured at cost
     Unquoted investments
     Mohid Park Co-op Hsg. Soc.Ltd (₹ 50 each)*                              5                -*                   5              -*
     Royal Twin Co-op Hsg. Soc.Ltd (₹ 50 each)*                              5                -*                   5              -*
     Plastic Machinery Mfg. Association of India                             3                -*                   3              -*
     (₹ 100 each)*
                                                                            13             0.01                   13            0.01
     Investment in Debt instruments at cost
     Investment in bonds
     Indian Railway Finance Corp. Tax Free Bond                          2610             26.10                 2610          26.10
     (Bonds of ₹ 1000 each)
                                                                         2610             26.10                 2610          26.10
     * Denotes amount less than Rs. 50,000/-
     Note:
     1.       During the year ended 31 March, 2022, the company invested INR 80 Lakhs in Varos Technology Private Limited and
              holds 100% stake in the entity as at the Balance Sheet date
     2.       During the year ended 31 March, 2023, the company invested INR 0.10 Lakhs in Kabra Energy Private Limited
              (formerly known as Kolsite Energy Private Limited) and holds 100% stake in the entity as at the Balance Sheet date.
     3.       The Company invested in zero-rated (80 Lakhs ₹10 each) CCD issued by Varos Technology Private Limited which is
              recognised at cost as per Ind AS 27 "Separate Financial Statements" . The same shall be converted into one equity
              share of face value Rs.10/- each after 9 years 11 months and shall rank pari-passu in all respects with the existing
              Equity Shares of the Company.
     4.       The Company invested in CCD rated 0.001% (13.425 Lakhs ₹10 each) issued by Varos Technology Private Limited
              which is recognised at cost as per Ind AS 27 "Separate Financial Statements" . The same shall be converted into
              one equity share of face value Rs.10/- each after 9 years 11 months and shall rank pari-passu in all respects with the
              existing Equity Shares of the Company.
                                                                 Units (nos.)         Amounts           Units (nos.)      Amounts
     Aggregate amount of quoted investments                          1433967           2,583.58            1433967         3,326.09
     Aggregate amount of unquoted investments                       10055923           1,110.44            5985323           703.38
                                                                    11489890           3,694.02            7419290         4,029.46

                                                                                    As at 31 March 2025         As at 31 March 2024
 4   Other Financial asset (Non-current)
     (Unsecured, considered good)
     Security deposits                                                                                175.80                 123.98
     Bank Deposits with more than 12 months maturity                                                   18.72                   9.74
                                                                                                      194.52                 133.72
     Notes:
     No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from
     firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member except security deposit
     given to Kolsite Corporation LLP amounting to ₹ 20.35 Lakhs (2024 :  ₹ 20.35 lakhs)
                                                                                    As at 31 March 2025         As at 31 March 2024
 5   Deferred tax assets / (liabilities)
     Provision for doubtful debts and advances                                                         201.86                  63.87
     Provision for leave encashment                                                                     31.84                  31.41
     Provision for gratuity                                                                             19.15                  14.96
     Provision for bonus                                                                                22.97                  20.57
     Excess of depreciation/amortisation on fixed assets under income tax                          (1,093.48)             (1,222.57)
     law over depreciation/amortisation provided in accounts
     Fair valuation of non-current investments                                                       (27.00)                 (35.58)
     Fair valuation of current investments                                                             27.00                  -22.84
     MAT credit entitlement                                                                                -                       -
     Net deferred tax assets / (liabilities)                                                        (817.66)              (1,150.18)
     Refer note no. 42 on Income taxes for further disclosures.

                                                                                               42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 83

===== PAGE 86 =====
                                                                                                               (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                   As at 31 March 2025       As at 31 March 2024
 6    Other non-current assets
      Capital advances
        Considered good                                                                           433.44                  344.69
      Other than capital advance
        Security deposits with revenue authorities                                                   6.47                    6.47
                                                                                                  439.91                  351.16
      Notes:
      No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from
      firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member.
                                                                                   As at 31 March 2025       As at 31 March 2024
 7    Inventories ( at cost or net realisable value, whichever is lower)
      Raw materials                                                                             17,885.83              15,655.81
      Work-in-progress                                                                          11,128.95               8,194.43
                                                                                                29,014.77              23,850.24
 8    Current investments
      Mutual Funds                                                                               5,349.26               3,518.14
                                                                                                 5,349.26               3,518.14
     Investment in Mutual Funds measured at Fair Value through Profit and Loss
     Quoted investments
      Paritculars                                                    As at 31 March 2025              As at 31 March 2024
                                                                Units (nos.)        Amounts         Units (nos.)       Amounts
     Motilal Oswal Most Focused Multicap 35 Fund (R)                   190380         108.62            190380             91.70
     HSBC Value fund - Direct Growth                                    50448          55.25                50448          50.89
     Mirae Asset India Opportunity fund - Growth (D)                    40501          47.63                40501          43.47
     ICICI Prudential Liquid Fund Growth (D)                           317239        1,217.87           186412            666.25
     Kotak Liquid Fund Direct Plan Growth                               23868        1,250.55               13657         666.33
     HDFC Liquid Fund Direct Plan Growth                                24107        1,227.88               14043         666.13
     Kotak Equity Arbitrage Fund - Direct Plan Growth                 1235577         486.23           1235577            449.58
     ICICI Prudential Equity Arbitrage Fund Direct                    1337717         483.56           1337717            447.93
     Growth
     TATA Arbitrage Fund Direct Plan Growth                           2836320         420.93           2836320            389.42
     Kotak Flexi cap Fund-Direct Plan-Growth                            58362          50.74                58362          46.44
     Investment in Equity Instruments                                 6114519        5,349.26          5963416          3,518.14
     Note:
     The investments are valued on the basis of market value as on the Balance Sheet date.
                                                                                   As at 31 March 2025       As at 31 March 2024
 9    Trade receivables
      Trade receivables (Unsecured) :
      - Considered good                                                                          9,091.70                9,915.15
      - Receivables which have significant increase in credit risk                                802.06                  249.26
                                                                                                 9,893.76              10,164.41
      Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                  802.06                  249.26
                                                                                                 9,091.70                9,915.15
     Note:
     As at March 31, 2025, the Company has outstanding trade receivables amounting to ₹3,039 lakhs from Hero Electric Vehicle
     Pvt. Ltd. (HEVPL). Pursuant to an order dated December 20,2024, the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT)


84   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 87 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                                     (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      has admitted an application to initiate corporate insolvency resolution process (CIRP) against HEVPL under the Insolvency
      and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. In view of the initiation of insolvency proceedings and pending recoveries, the Company has
      recognized a provision for doubtful debts pertaining to receivables from HEVPL using the Expected Credit Loss Model as
      per Ind AS 109.
      Trade Receivables ageing as on 31 March 2025
      Particulars                                             Outstanding from due date of payment                             Total
                                           Not due       Less than       6 months -   1 year to 2   2 year to 3   More than
                                                         6 months          1 year        year          year        3 years
      Undisputed Trade Receivables
      Considered good                       4437.87        1,256.32           63.36     2,037.30      1,146.22       931.29    9,872.36
      Credit impaired                                -               -            -             -             -           -            -
      which have significant increase in             -               -            -             -             -           -            -
      credit risk
      Disputed Trade Receivables
      considered good                                -               -            -             -             -       21.39       21.39
      credit impaired                                -               -            -             -             -           -            -
      which have significant increase in             -               -            -             -             -           -            -
      credit risk
      Sub Total                             4,437.87       1,256.32           63.36     2,037.30      1,146.22       952.68    9,893.75
      Less: Provision for Doubtful Debts             -               -         8.59       292.26        273.75       227.46      802.06
      Total                                 4,437.87       1,256.32           54.77     1,745.04        872.47       725.22    9,091.70

      Trade Receivables ageing as on 31 March 2024
      Particulars                                             Outstanding from due date of payment                             Total
                                           Not due       Less than       6 months -   1 year to 2   2 year to 3   More than
                                                         6 months          1 year        year          year        3 years
      Undisputed Trade Receivables
      Considered good                       4,263.66       1,464.20        1,956.56     2,026.52        207.77       245.70   10,164.41
      Credit impaired                                -               -            -             -             -           -            -
      which have significant increase in             -               -            -             -             -           -            -
      credit risk
      Disputed Trade Receivables
      considered good                                -               -            -             -             -           -            -
      credit impaired                                -               -            -             -             -           -            -
      which have significant increase in             -               -            -             -             -           -            -
      credit risk
      Sub Total                             4,263.66       1,464.20        1,956.56     2,026.52        207.77       245.70   10,164.41
      Less: Provision for Doubtful Debts             -               -         9.79       119.92         21.21        98.34      249.26
      Total                                 4,263.66       1,464.20        1,946.77     1,906.60        186.56       147.36    9,915.15

      Note:
      Trade receivables from related parties are disclosed in note 39.
                                                                                         As at 31 March 2025       As at 31 March 2024
 10   Cash and cash equivalents
      Balances with Banks
      Cash on hand                                                                                         4.60                   3.14
      Balance with banks in current and cash credit accounts                                             190.32                 641.81
                                                                                                         194.92                 644.95
10A    Other Balances with Banks
          Unclaimed dividend accounts (earmarked accounts)                                                35.12                  32.68
          Margin Money and Security Deposits                                                             521.02               3,786.53
          (Having maturrity more than 3 months but less than 12 Months )
                                                                                                         556.14               3,819.21


                                                                                                    42nd Annual Report 2024-25     | 85

===== PAGE 88 =====
                                                                                  As at 31 March 2025      As at 31 March 2024
 11    Loans
       (Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
       - Loan to employees                                                                        74.25                    42.66
                                                                                                  74.24                    42.65
       Note:
       No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from
       firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member.
                                                                                  As at 31 March 2025      As at 31 March 2024
 12    Other current financial assets
       (Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
       Derivative assets measured at Fair Value through Profit and Loss                                -                    5.79
       Other than derivative assets
          Export incentive receivable                                                             18.76                    40.64
          Interest receivables                                                                    22.11                    96.19
          Other receivables                                                                            -                    9.57
          Bank Deposits (with less than 12 months maturity)                                      257.71                   430.99
          Security deposits                                                                        6.75                    11.38
                                                                                                 305.32                   594.56
       Note:
       No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from
       firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member.
                                                                                  As at 31 March 2025      As at 31 March 2024
 13    Other current assets
       (Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
       Advance to vendors                                                                      1,344.47                 1,406.83
       Balances with Government Authorities                                                    3,599.54                 2,450.20
       Licenses in hand                                                                           18.24                     9.66
       Advance for expenses                                                                       10.07                    13.61
       Prepaid expense                                                                           194.80                   169.12
       Others                                                                                     40.24                     8.96
       Gratuity (Refer note 37.1)                                                                 60.99                    85.58
                                                                                               5,268.35                 4,143.95
       Note:
       No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from
       firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member.
                                                                                  As at 31 March 2025      As at 31 March 2024
 14    Equity Share capital
       Authorised:
       4,00,00,000 (Previous year 4,00,00,000) equity shares of ₹ 5 each fully                 2,000.00                 2,000.00
       paid up
                                                                                               2,000.00                 2,000.00
       Issued, subscribed and fully paid up:
       3,49,72,836 (Previous year 3,49,72,836) equity shares of ₹ 5 each fully                 1,748.64                 1748.64
       paid up
                                                                                               1,748.64                 1748.64




86    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 89 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                                 (Amount in ` Lakhs)
14.1 Reconciliation of the number of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year:
      Paritculars                                                  As at 31 March 2025                     As at 31 March 2024
                                                                 Number of         (`) in lakhs           Number of     (`) in lakhs
                                                                   shares                                   shares
      Equity shares
      At the beginning of the year                                34972836              1,748.64           33591106        1,679.56
      Addition during the year*                                             -                  -           1381730            69.09
      Outstanding at the end of the year                          34972836              1,748.64          34972836         1,748.64
      * The Company has issued 1,381,730 shares of ₹ 5 Each at the premium of ₹ 324 each.
14.2 The Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of ₹ 5 per share. Each shareholder is eligible for one
     vote per share held. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the
     Company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding. The dividend proposed by the
     Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, except in case of
     interim dividend.
14.3 Number of equity shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares in the Company are as follows:
      Name of the shareholders                                   Number of               % of           Number of              % of
                                                              shares as at        shares held        shares as at       shares held
                                                             31 March 2025                          31 March 2024
      Anand Kabra                                                  6364055                18.20           6364055             18.20
      Kolsite Corporation LLP                                      3828888                10.95           3828888             10.95
      Shreevallabh G. Kabra                                        1249270                 3.57           2748455              7.86
      Kolsite Industries                                           2251826                 6.44           2251826              6.44
      Shreevallabh Kabra Family Trust                              1799185                 5.14            300000              0.86
      Ekta Anand Kabra                                             3157966                 9.03           3157966              9.03
14.4 Shares held by promoters
      Promoter name                               As on 31 March 2025                           As on 31 March 2024
                                                No. of   %of total    Change                  No. of   %of total    Change
                                               Shares      shares   during the               Shares      shares   during the
                                                                          year                                          year
      Anand S. Kabra                          6364055      18.20%       0.00%               6364055      18.20%     (0.75%)
      Shreevallabh G. Kabra                   1249270          3.57%        (4.29%)         2748455             7.86%       (1.81%)
      Ekta A. Kabra                           3157966          9.03%            0.00%       3157966             9.03%        0.22%
      Veenadevi S. Kabra                         1000          0.00%            0.00%              1000         0.00%       (1.16%)
      Saritadevi S. Kabra                        2000          0.01%            0.00%              2000         0.01%        0.00%
      Satyanarayan G. Kabra                      2000          0.01%            0.00%              2000         0.01%        0.00%
      Varun S. Kabra                             2000          0.01%            0.00%              2000         0.01%        0.00%
      Shaurya A. Kabra                         175861          0.50%            0.00%        175861             0.50%        0.21%
      Khushi A. Kabra                          175861          0.50%            0.00%        175861             0.50%        0.21%
      Kolsite Industries                      2251826          6.44%            0.00%       2251826             6.44%        1.75%
      Kolsite Corporation LLP                 3828888         10.95%            0.00%       3828888            10.95%       (0.45%)
      Plastiblends India Limited               827372          2.37%            0.00%        827372             2.37%       (0.10%)
      Veenadevi Kabra Family Trust            1229194          3.51%            0.00%       1229194             3.51%        1.01%
      Shreevallabh Kabra Family Trust         1799185          5.14%            4.29%        300000             0.86%        0.86%
      Total                                 21066478          60.24%            0.00%      21066478            60.24%        0.01%

                                                                                   As at 31 March 2025         As at 31 March 2024
 15   Other equity
      Securities Premium & Warrant proceeds                                                    10,542.61                  10,542.61
      General Reserve                                                                              5,476.10                5,476.10
      Retained Earnings                                                                        28,767.94                  27,269.97
                                                                                               44,786.65                  43,288.68


                                                                                              42nd Annual Report 2024-25         | 87

===== PAGE 90 =====
                                                                                                              (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                 As at 31 March 2025        As at 31 March 2024
        Share Premium & Warrant proceeds
        Opening balance                                                                      10,542.61                 7,202.27
        Add: Issue of shares & warrants during the year                                               -                3,340.34
        Closing Balance                                                                      10,542.61                10,542.61
        General Reserve
        Opening balance                                                                       5,476.10                 5,476.10
        Add : Transferred from Profit and Loss Account                                                -                        -
        Closing Balance                                                                       5,476.10                 5,476.10
        Retained Earnings
        Opening balance                                                                      24,190.24                21,972.58
        Profit for the year                                                                   3,387.20                 3,167.39
        Gain on Equity Instruments which was classified under FVTOCI                                 -                   319.59
        transferred
        Transfer to OCI Reserve                                                                      -                   (93.63)
        Dividend paid - For FY 2023-24 ₹ 3.50 per share                                     (1,224.05)                (1,175.69)
        (For FY 2022-23: ₹ 3.50 per share)
        Balance carried forward                                                              26,353.40                24,190.24
        Other comprehensive income
        Opening balance                                                                       3,079.74                 2,082.70
        Other comprehensive income for the year                                               (665.18)                   903.40
        Transfer from Retained Earnings                                                              -                    93.63
        Balance carried forward                                                               2,414.55                 3,079.74
                                                                                             44,786.65                43,288.68
       Notes : Purpose and use of each Reserve
       1    Securities Premium Reserve
            According to Section 52 of the Act, Securities premium can be used for the following purposes
            •     For the issue of fully paid bonus share capital
            •     For meeting the preliminary expenses incurred by the company
            •     For meeting the expenses, commision or discount incurred concerning securities previously issued by the
                  company
            •     For ensuring the availiablity of the premium for the redemption of redeemable debentures or preference share
                  capital of the company
            •     For funding a scheme of buy-back of securities which is conducted in compliance with the provisions of section
                  68 of the company Act
       2    General Reserve
            General reserve is referred to as the reserve fund that is created by keeping aside a part of profit earned by the
            business during the course of an accounting period for fulfilling various business needs like meeting contingencies,
            offsetting future losses enhancing the working capital, paying dividends to the shareholders etc
       3    Retained Earnings
            Retained earnings are the portion of a company's cumulative profit that is held or retained and saved for future use
            Retained earnings could be used for funding an expansion or paying dividends to shareholders at a later date.
                                                                                 As at 31 March 2025        As at 31 March 2024
  16    Provisions
        Provision for employee benefits
           Compensated Absences                                                                 102.02                   104.43
           Other employee Benefits (refer note i)                                                19.30                    19.30
                                                                                                121.32                   123.74
Notes
(i)    The provision for employee benefits includes long term service reward.
(ii)   Movement in warranties provision

88     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 91 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                                    (Amount in ` Lakhs)

       Particulars                                                                              For the year          For the year
                                                                                                   ended                 ended
                                                                                               31 March 2025         31 March 2024
       Opening balance                                                                                      1,340                 1,652
       Additions during the year                                                                              360                   784
       Amount utilised / Reversal                                                                             538                 1,096
       Closing Balance                                                                                      1,163                 1,340
      The provision for warranty claims represents the present value as best estimate of the future economic outflows that will be
      required under the Company’s obligations for warranties.The estimate has been made on the basis of historical warranty
      trends and may vary as a result of new materials, altered manufacturing processes or other events affecting product quality.
16(a) Other Non current liabilities
                                                                                        As at 31 March 2025       As at 31 March 2024
       Other dues                                                                                      840.53                          -
       Provision for Long term Warranty*                                                               541.03                   669.33
                                                                                                     1,381.55                   669.33
      Notes:
      i.        The other dues pertain to the "Manufacturing and Other Operations in Warehouse Regulations" (MOOWR) scheme.
                Under this scheme, the Basic Customs Duty and IGST on the import of the plant & Machinery are deferred until the
                goods are cleared for home consumption.
      ii.       *As at March 31, 2025, the Company has outstanding trade receivables amounting to ₹3,039 lakhs from Hero Electric
                Vehicle Pvt. Ltd. (HEVPL). Pursuant to an order dated December 20,2024, the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal
                (NCLT) has admitted an application to initiate corporate insolvency resolution process (CIRP) against HEVPL under
                the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. In view of the initiation of insolvency proceedings, provision for warranty
                pertaining to such sales have been reversed.
                                                                                        As at 31 March 2025       As at 31 March 2024
 17    Borrowings
       Long term borrowing
       - From banks
               Secured (refer note (iii) below)                                                        562.49                 1,107.39
               Unsecured                                                                                      -                        -
                                                                                                       562.49                 1,107.39
               Less - Current maturity of long term borrowing                                          545.60                   544.90
                                                                                                        16.89                   562.49
       Loans repayable on demand
               Unsecured                                                                                      -               3,000.00
               Secured                                                                              12,016.15                 4,449.39
               Add - Current maturity of long term borrowing                                           545.60                   544.90
                                                                                                    12,561.75                 7,994.29
       Notes:
       (i)       Working Capital loans are secured by hypothecation of Company's all present and future movable assets and book
                 debts. The fund based limits are payable on demand basis.
       (ii)      Term loan of ₹ 5.35 crores (2024: ₹ 10.71 crores) is secured by first Charge by way of mortgage on immovable fixed
                 Assets (Industrial Land & Building) at Pune, Maharashtra and First  Charge by way of Hypothecation of movable
                 fixed assets at Pune, Maharashtra. There was no default continuing or otherwise as at the Balance Sheet date, in
                 repayment of any of the above borrowings, term loan will be fully repaid by Jan 26.
       (iii)     The company has used the borrowed funds for the specific purpose for which it was taken on the Balance Sheet date.
       (iv)      The quarterly returns or statements of current assets, filed by the Company with banks or financial institutions are in
                 agreement with the Books of Accounts of the Company.




                                                                                                  42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 89

===== PAGE 92 =====
                                                                                                                       (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                       As at 31 March 2025           As at 31 March 2024
17(a) Lease Liabilities
       Total Lease Liabilities                                                                          243.08                          -
       Transfer to Current Libilities                                                                    87.34                          -
       Non Current Liabilities
       Lease Liabilities                                                                                155.74                          -
                                                                                                        243.08                          -

                                                                                       As at 31 March 2025           As at 31 March 2024
 18    Trade payables
       Total outstanding due of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises                                   309.88                      305.15
       Total outstanding due of other than Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises                      7,094.07                    7,780.92
                                                                                                    7,403.95                    8,086.08
      Notes:
      (i)    Refer note no 38 for Trade payables to related parties.
      (ii)   Ageing of Trade payables.
      Current year as at 31 March 2025

       Particulars                               Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
                                                 Less than 1           1-2 years        2-3 years        More than 3            Total
                                                    year                                                   years
       (i)   	 MSME undisputed                          309.88                     -                -                     -       309.88
       (ii)  	 Others undisputed                      6,718.02             228.80                   -                     -     6,946.82
       (iii) 	 Disputed dues – MSME                            -                   -                -                     -             -
       (iv) 	 Disputed dues – Others                           -                   -          31.47                  115.77       147.24
       Total                                          7,027.90             228.80             31.47                  115.77     7,403.95
       Previous year as at 31 March 2024

       Particulars                               Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment                     Total
                                                 Less than 1           1-2 years        2-3 years        More than 3
                                                    year                                                   years
       (i)   	 MSME Undisputed                          305.15                     -                -                     -       305.15
       (ii)  	 Others Undisputed                      7,623.00               44.09                  -                     -     7,667.09
       (iii) 	 Disputed dues – MSME                            -                   -                -                     -             -
       (iv) 	 Disputed dues – Others                           -                   -          23.02                   90.82       113.84
       Total                                          7,928.15               44.09            23.02                   90.82     8,086.08
      Disclosure in respect of the amounts payable to Micro and Small enterprises, as defined under Micro, Small and Medium
      Enterprises Development Act, 2006 has been made in the financial statements based on information received and available
      with the Company.

       Particulars                                                                                   As at                        As at
                                                                                             31 March 2025                31 March 2024
       The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any                        309.88                    305.15
       supplier as at the end of each accounting period;
       The amount of interest paid by the buyer as per the Micro Small and                                       -                      -
       Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (MSMED Act, 2006)
       The amount of the payments made to micro and small suppliers beyond                                       -                      -
       the appointed day during each accounting year
       The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making                                  -                      -
       payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the
       year) but without adding the interest specified under MSMED Act, 2006



90    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 93 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                              (Amount in ` Lakhs)

      Particulars                                                                                As at                   As at
                                                                                         31 March 2025           31 March 2024
      The amount of interest accrued for unpaid principal at the end of each                            -                      -
      accounting year
      The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the                              -                      -
      succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues as above are
      actually paid to the small enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a
      deductible expenditure under the MSMED Act, 2006

                                                                                   As at 31 March 2025      As at 31 March 2024
 19   Other financial liabilities
      Derivative liabilities
          Foreign currency forward contracts                                                      5.67                         -
      Other than derivative liability:
          Unclaimed dividend                                                                     35.12                    32.68
          Other Payable                                                                          16.10                    23.88
          Expenses payable                                                                     933.22                  1,374.27
                                                                                                990.11                 1,430.83
      Note:
      During the year, the company has transferred the amount of Unclaimed dividend amounted to Rs. 4.02 Lakhs pertaining to
      FY 2016-17 to Investor Education and Protection Fund.
                                                                               As at 31 March 2025 As at 31 March 2024
 20   Other current liabilities
      Advances from customers                                                             7,321.94                 5,492.69
      Statutory remittances (contributions to provident fund, employee state                   188.71                     46.60
      insurance, professional tax, withholding taxes, goods and service tax
      etc.)
      Security Deposits                                                                          17.55                      0.40
      GST Payable                                                                                 6.51                      3.87
      Salary Payable                                                                           590.34                          -
                                                                                              8,125.04                 5,543.55
 21   Provisions
      Provision for employee benefits
         Compensated Absences                                                                    24.49                    18.14
      Other provisions
         Provision for warranty                                                                621.69                    671.15
                                                                                               646.18                    689.28

                                                                                   For the Year Ended       For the Year Ended
                                                                                        31 March 2025            31 March 2024
 22   Revenue from operations
      Sale of products                                                                      46,935.32                 59,889.30
      Sale of Services                                                                         250.08                   261.33
      Other Operating Revenues                                                                 499.29                   626.79
                                                                                            47,684.69                 60,777.41
      Note :
      Other operating revenue includes export incentive amounting to ₹ 85.49 lakhs (Previous year : ₹ 97.37 Lakhs)




                                                                                           42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 91

===== PAGE 94 =====
                                                                                                           (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                 For the Year Ended      For the Year Ended
                                                                                      31 March 2025           31 March 2024
 23    Other income
       Income from Current Investments
       Interest income from Financial Assets                                                   105.08                  360.93
       Dividend income from Equity Instruments designated at FVTOCI                             60.94                   62.25
       Profit on sale of investments measured at FVTPL                                         233.29                   54.16
       Mark to Market investments measured at FVTPL                                            188.78                  196.07
       Government Incentive (refer note below)                                                  70.00                        -
       Foreign Exchange Gain                                                                     7.35                        -
       Provisions written back                                                                 610.09                        -
       Profit on sale of Property, Plant & Equipment                                                 -                   4.00
       Fair value changes in derivative instruments                                                  -                  10.66
       Other                                                                                    22.91                        -
                                                                                             1,298.45                  688.07
       Note:
       The Company has received an incentive under "Modified Special Incentive Package" Scheme amounting to ₹ 17.07
       crores during the year, out of which ₹ 16.37 crores have been adjusted against the carrying value of eligible Property,
       Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets using Capital Approach and ₹ 0.70 crores are being recognised as income in
       the Profit and Loss Account.
                                                                               For the Year Ended       For the Year Ended
                                                                                    31 March 2025            31 March 2024
 24    Cost of materials consumed
       Inventory of materials at the beginning of the year                                15,655.81                 14,599.87
       Add : Purchases during the year                                                     34,278.62                45,362.70
       Inventory of materials at the end of the year                                      (17,885.83)             (15,655.81)
                                                                                           32,048.60                44,306.76
 25    Changes in inventories (WIP & FG)
       Inventories at the beginning of the year                                              8,194.43                6,322.34
       Inventories at the end of the year                                                   11,128.95                8,194.43
                                                                                           (2,934.52)              (1,872.09)
 26    Employee benefits expenses
       Salaries, wages and incentives                                                        5,462.59                5,171.04
       Contribution to provident and other funds                                               279.07                  240.86
       Staff welfare expenses                                                                  165.87                  127.35
                                                                                             5,907.53                5,539.25
 27    Finance costs
       Interest expenses                                                                       914.04                  756.27
       Bill discounting & factoring charges                                                    184.89                  147.74
       Other borrowing costs                                                                    18.37                   74.29
                                                                                             1,117.31                  978.30
 28    Depreciation and amortisation expenses
       Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (owned assets)                          1,796.33                1,298.83
       Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (leased assets)                            13.91                   13.91
       Depreciation on Right of Use assets                                                      46.27                        -
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                                       170.53                  244.44
                                                                                             2,027.04                1,557.18




92    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 95 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                             (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                    For the Year Ended   For the Year Ended
                                                                                         31 March 2025        31 March 2024
 29    Other expenses
       Rates and taxes                                                                          21.75                   24.15
       Rent                                                                                    120.63                  111.21
       Insurance                                                                                97.28                  110.96
       Commission on sales                                                                     742.75                  591.63
       Power and fuel                                                                          360.12                  316.43
       Repairs and maintenance
           Building                                                                              26.37                   51.77
           Plant & Equipment                                                                    169.92                  143.20
       Travelling expenses                                                                      769.88                  585.76
       Packing Charge                                                                           281.36                  326.98
       Frieght expenses                                                                         265.76                  347.75
       Research and development expenses                                                      1,983.40                1,620.77
       Sales Promotion expenses                                                                 174.21                  347.58
       Legal and Professional charges                                                           378.68                  214.83
       Payment to Auditor (Refer note 31)                                                        12.00                    7.00
       Contributions towards CSR (Refer note 30)                                                 99.95                   86.28
       Office Expenses                                                                          173.14                  103.60
       Factory Expenses                                                                         274.32                  249.11
       Foreign exchange losses                                                                       -                   33.48
       Warranty expenses                                                                        360.13                  784.17
       Provision for doubtful debts                                                             552.80                   99.06
       Miscellaneous expenses                                                                   609.45                  578.51
                                                                                              7,473.90                6,734.22
30     Expenditure in respect of Corporate Social Responsibility :
       The Company has contributed ₹ 99.95 Lakhs (31 March 2024 : ₹ 86.28 Lakhs) towards Corporate Social Responsibility
       (CSR), which is shown in “Other Expenses” [Note No.29 ] to the Notes to Financial Statements.

Sr.                                       Description                                        For the year         For the year
No.                                                                                                ended                ended
                                                                                           31 March 2025        31 March 2024
 (a) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year                               93.03                 86.28
 (b) Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any [out of surplus of                     -                       -
     previous financial years].
 (c) Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or activities of the                          -                       -
     previous financial years (net of set off)
 (d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year                                                    93.03                 86.28
 (e) Amount of expenditure incurred during the year                                                 99.94                 81.95
 (f)   Shortfall/(Surplus) at the end of the year                                                   (6.91)                 4.33
       Less: Amount remained unutilised                                                                  -                       -
 (g) Net Shortfall / (Surplus) at the end of the year                                               (6.91)                 4.33
 (h) Reason for shortfall (refer note below)                                                                        Pertains to
                                                                                                               ongoing projects
 (i)   Nature of CSR activities:
       (i)     Ensuring environmental sustainability, ecological balance, protection                 9.50                  5.00
               of flora and fauna, animal welfare, agroforestry, conservation of natural
               resources and maintaining quality of soil, air and water.
       (ii)    Promoting education including special education                                      77.44                 66.28
       (iii)   Eradicating hunger, poverty and malnutrition (promoting health care,                 13.00                 15.00
               including preventive health care and sanitation)



                                                                                            42nd Annual Report 2024-25     | 93

===== PAGE 96 =====
                                                                                                                  (Amount in ` Lakhs)
Sr.                                         Description                                           For the year         For the year
No.                                                                                                     ended                ended
                                                                                                31 March 2025        31 March 2024
 (j)    Details of related party transactions, e.g. contribution to a trust controlled by the                 -                     -
        Company in relation to CSR expenditure as per relevant Accounting Standard.
 (k) Whereas provision is made with respect to a liability incurred by entering into a                        -                     -
     contractual obligation, the movements in the provision during the year shall be
     shown separately.
 (l)    Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years                                        6.91                      -
       Note :
       Amount of short fall has been deposited into a separate bank account as prescribed under act and same has been utilized
       during the current year.
31     Auditor's Remuneration
        Particulars                                                                               For the Year         For the Year
                                                                                                        Ended                Ended
                                                                                                31 March 2025        31 March 2024
        -       As auditor
                Audit Fees                                                                                5.00                  4.00
                Limited Review                                                                            5.00
                Tax Audit Fees                                                                            0.50                  1.00
        -       In other capacity
                Certification and other services                                                          0.50                  2.00
        -       Reimbursement expenses                                                                    1.00
                                                                                                         12.00                  7.00
32     Exceptional Items
        Particulars                                                                               For the Year         For the Year
                                                                                                        Ended                Ended
                                                                                                31 March 2025        31 March 2024
        Profit on sale of investment in Joint Venture                                                   848.98                    -
        Total		                                                                                        848.98                       -
       During the current year, the Company has sold its investment in  Penta Auto Feeding India Limited (Joint venture). Accordingly,
       Penta Auto Feeding India Limited ceased to be a Joint Venture of the Company from the effective date February 06,
       2025. The resultant gain of ₹ 8.49 crores has been classified and presented as an exceptional item in accordance with Ind
       AS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements”.
33     Basic and diluted earnings per share
        Particulars                                                                               For the Year         For the Year
                                                                                                        Ended                Ended
                                                                                                31 March 2025        31 March 2024
        Nominal value per equity share (in ₹)                                                             5.00                 5.00
        Profit for the year                                                                           3,387.20             3,167.38
        Weighted average number of equity shares (Basic)# (in lakhs)                                    349.73               344.90
        Weighted average number of equity shares (Diluted)* (in lakhs)                                  349.73               349.73
        Earnings per share - Basic (in ₹)                                                                 9.69                 9.18
        Earnings per share - Diluted (in ₹)                                                               9.69                 9.06
       Notes:
       # Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company by the
       weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
       * Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders by the weighted average number
       of equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of equity shares that would be issued on
       conversion of all the dilutive potential equity shares into equity shares.



94     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 97 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
34   Financial Instruments
34.1 Financial Instruments by category
     The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as on 31 March 2025 are as follows:
     Particulars                                                Amortised            FVTPL            FVTOCI         Total carrying
                                                                  cost                                                   value
     Financial Assets
     Investments in equity instruments (non-current)                   150.08                 -          2,583.58         2,733.66
     Investments in debt instruments (non-current)                     960.35                 -                 -           960.35
     Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)                       -          5,349.26                 -         5,349.26
     Trade receivables                                               9,091.70                 -                 -         9,091.70
     Cash and cash equivalents                                         194.92                 -                 -           194.92
     Other balances with banks                                         556.14                 -                 -           556.14
     Loans                                                              74.24                 -                 -            74.24
     Other financial assets                                            499.85                 -                 -           499.85
     Total Assets                                                   11,527.28          5,349.26          2,583.58        19,460.12
     Financial Liabilities
     Borrowings                                                     12,578.64                  -                 -       12,578.64
     Lease Liabilities                                                 243.08                  -                 -          243.08
     Trade payables - MSME                                             309.88                  -                 -          309.88
     Trade payables - Other                                          7,094.07                  -                 -        7,094.07
     Other financial liabilities                                       984.44               5.67                 -          990.11
     Total Liabilities                                              21,210.11               5.67                 -       21,215.79
     The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as on 31 March 2024 are as follows:
     Particulars                                                Amortised           FVTPL            FVTOCI          Total carrying
                                                                  cost                                                   value
     Financial Assets
     Investments in equity instruments (non-current)                   200.02                 -          3,326.09         3,526.11
     Investments in debt instruments (non-current)                     503.35                 -                 -           503.35
     Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)                       -          3,518.13                 -         3,518.13
     Trade receivables                                               9,915.15                 -                 -         9,915.15
     Cash and cash equivalents                                         644.95                 -                 -           644.95
     Other balances with banks                                       3,819.21                 -                 -         3,819.21
     Loans                                                              42.65                 -                 -            42.65
     Other financial assets                                            722.49              5.79                 -           728.28
     Total Assets                                                   15,847.81          3,523.92          3,326.09        22,697.82
     Financial Liabilities
     Borrowings                                                      8,556.78                  -                 -        8,556.78
     Lease Liabilities                                                      -                  -                 -               -
     Trade payables - MSME                                             305.15                  -                 -          305.15
     Trade payables - Other                                          7,780.92                  -                 -        7,780.92
     Other financial liabilities                                     1,430.83                  -                 -        1,430.83
     Total Liabilities                                              18,073.68                  -                 -       18,073.68
34.2 Fair value hierarchy
     Financial assets and liabilities include cash and cash equivalents, other balances with banks, trade receivables, loans, other
     financial assets, trade payables and other financial liabilities whose fair values approximate their carrying amounts largely
     due to the short term nature of such assets and liabilities.
     Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value in the statement of financial position are grouped into
     three Levels of a fair value hierarchy. The three levels are defined based on the observability of significant inputs to the
     measurement, as follows:
     Level 1: Hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical
     assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date.
     Level 2: Hierarchy includes the fair value of financial instruments measured using quoted prices for identical or similar assets
     in markets that are not active.
     Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


                                                                                              42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 95

===== PAGE 98 =====
                                                                                                               (Amount in ` Lakhs)
     Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2025
      Particulars                                                As at                  Fair value measurement as at
                                                             31 March 2025
                                                                                       Level 1           Level 2           Level 3
      Financial Assets
      Investment in equity instruments of Plastiblends              2,583.58          2,583.58                  -                 -
      India Ltd
      Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)              5,349.26          5,349.26                  -                -
      Investment in other instruments                               1,110.43                 -                  -         1,110.43
      Derivative Assets                                                    -                 -                  -                -
      Total of financial assets                                     9,043.27          7,932.84                  -         1,110.43
      Financial Liabilities
      Derivative liability                                                  -              5.67                 -                 -
      Total of financial liabilities                                        -              5.67                 -                 -
     Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2024
      Particulars                                                As at                  Fair value measurement as at
                                                             31 March 2024         Level 1           Level 2               Level 3
      Financial assets
      Investment in equity instruments of Plastiblends              3,326.09          3,326.09                  -                 -
      India Ltd
      Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)              3,518.14          3,518.14                  -                -
      Investment in other instruments                                 703.37                 -                  -           703.37
      Derivative Assets                                                    -              5.79                  -
      Total of financial assets                                     7,547.60          6,850.02                  -           703.37
      Financial Liabilities
      Derivative liability                                                  -                 -                 -                 -
      Total of financial liabilities                                        -                 -                 -                 -
     Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost :
     The management believes that the fair values of non-current financial assets (e.g. loans and others), current financial assets
     (e.g., cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, loans and others excluding other derivative assets) and current financial
     liabilities (e.g. trade payables and other payables excluding derivative liabilities) approximate their carrying amounts.
     The Company has not performed fair valuation of its investment in unquoted equity shares as mentioned in note no. 3 which
     are classified as FVTOCI, as the Company believes that impact of change on account of fair value is insignificant.
34.3 Financial risk management
     The Company's activities exposes it to market risks, credit risks and liquidity risks. In order to minimise any adverse effets
     on the financial performance of the Company, derivative financial instruments such as forward foreign exchange contract
     are entered to hedge the foreign currency risk exposures. Derivatives are used exclusively for hedging purposes and not as
     a trading or speculative purposes.
     The Company has exposure to the following risks arising from financial instruments :
     a.   Credit risk
          Credit risk is the risk of financial losses to the Company if a customer or counterparty to financial instruments fails to
          discharge its contractual obligations. It arises primarily from the Company's receivables from customers. To manage
          this, the Company periodically assesses the key accounts receivable balances. As per Ind-AS 109 : Financial
          Instruments, the Company uses expected credit loss model to assess the impairment loss or gain.
          The carrying amount of trade and other receivables and other financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure.
          i.    Trade receivables
                The management has established accounts receivable policy under which customer accounts are regularly
                monitored. The Company has a dedicated sales team which is responsible for collecting dues from the customer
                within stipulated period. The management reviews status of critical accounts on a regular basis.
                An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on consolidated basis for similar category of customer.
                The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of financial assets.
                The Company evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low, as its customers are
                located in several jurisdictions and operate in largely independent markets.



96   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 99 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                                  (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                Trade receivables that were not impaired
                   Particulars                                                                         As at                    As at
                                                                                               31 March 2025            31 March 2024
                   Less Then 180 days                                                               5,694.20                 5,727.86
                   More than 180 days                                                               3,397.50                 4,187.29
          ii.   Financial instruments and Cash deposits
                Credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by the Company’s treasury department
                in accordance with Company’s policy. Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved counterparties
                and within credit limits assigned to each counterparty. Company monitors rating, credit spreads and financial
                strength of its counter parties. Based on ongoing assessment Company adjust it's exposure to various
                counterparties.
     b.   Liquidity risk
          Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial
          liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Company’s approach to managing liquidity
          is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due, under both
          normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Company’s reputation.
          The Company has a view of maintaining liquidity and to take minimum possible risk while making investments. In
          order to maintain liquidity, the Company invests its excess funds in short term liquid assets like liquid mutual funds.
          The Company monitors its cash and bank balances periodically in view of its short term obligations associated with its
          financial liabilities.
          The liquidity position at each reporting date is given below:
           Particulars                                                                                 As at                    As at
                                                                                               31 March 2025            31 March 2024
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    194.92                 644.95
           Other balances with banks                                                                    813.85               4,250.20
           Investments in Mutual funds and others                                                     5,349.26               3,518.13
           Total                                                                                      6,358.03               8,413.28
          The following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities as on 31 March 2025.
           Particulars                                          Repayable on          Less than          More than               Total
                                                                    demand               1 year             1 year
           Borrowings                                              12,016.15             545.60              16.89          12,578.64
           Trade payables                                                      -        7,027.90             376.05          7,403.95
           Other financial liabilities                                         -           990.11                   -          990.11
          The following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities as on 31 March 2024.
           Particulars                                          Repayable on          Less than          More than               Total
                                                                    demand               1 year             1 year
           Borrowings                                               7,449.39             544.90             562.49           8,556.78
           Trade payables                                                  -           7,928.15             157.93           8,086.08
           Other financial liabilities                                     -           1,430.83                  -           1,430.83
c.   Market risk
     "Market risk is a risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in
     market prices. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable
     parameters, while optimizing the return. Market risk comprises three types of risk interest rate risk, currency risk and
     other price risk such as equity price risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include borrowings, trade and other
     payables, foreign exchange forward contracts, security deposit, trade and other receivables, deposits with banks.
     i.   Foreign currency risk
          Foreign currency risk is the risk that fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because
          of changes in foreign exchange rate. Company transacts business in its functional currency (INR) and in other
          foreign currencies. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to
          the Company’s operating activities, where revenue or expense is denominated in a foreign currency. The Company
          manages its foreign currency risk by hedging foreign currency payables using foreign currency forward contracts
          or foreign currency options, principal only swaps etc. The Company negotiates the terms of those foreign currency


                                                                                                42nd Annual Report 2024-25        | 97

===== PAGE 100 =====
                                                                                                                    (Amount in ` Lakhs)
           forward contracts to match the terms of the hedged exposure.
           Exposure to Currency Risk
           The foreign currency risk from monetary assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2025 is as follows:
                                                                                                                     (Amount in Lakhs)
           Particulars                      USD Equivalent ₹           CNH Equivalent ₹           EURO Equivalent ₹              Total ₹
           Trade receivables               10.60         905.93            -               -        0.02              2.31       908.24
           Trade payables                  16.24       1,387.00        0.03            0.41         0.89             82.26      1,469.66
           Net assets/(liabilities)       (5.63)       (481.07)       (0.03)          (0.41)      (0.86)            (79.95)     (561.42)
           The foreign currency risk from monetary assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2024 is as follows:
           Particulars                      USD Equivalent ₹           CNH Equivalent ₹           EURO Equivalent ₹              Total ₹
           Trade receivables                8.08         673.32            -               -        0.02              1.87       675.19
           Trade payables                  28.85       2,404.42        0.03            0.29         3.89            350.51      2,755.22
           Net assets/(liabilities)      (20.77)     (1,731.10)       (0.03)          (0.29)      (3.87)           (348.64) (2,080.03)
           Details of foreign currency exposures that are hedged by derivative instruments or otherwise:
           Particulars                                                                Currency            Amount              Equivalent
                                                                                                        in foreign                  INR
                                                                                                         currency
           As at 31 March 2025                                                              USD               2.42               201.33
           As at 31 March 2024                                                              USD               11.72              976.82
           Foreign currency sensitivity on unhedged exposure
           Financial Year                                             Foreign        Change             Effect on       Effect on
                                                                     currency      in foreign        profit before pre-tax equity
                                                                              currency rates                   tax
           For 31 March 2025                                              USD            +5%                -13.99         -13.99
                                                                                         -5%                 13.99          13.99
                                                                          EUR            +5%                 -4.00          -4.00
                                                                                         -5%                  4.00           4.00
                                                                          CNH            +5%                 -0.02          -0.02
                                                                                         -5%                  0.02           0.02
           For 31 March 2024                                              USD             5%                -37.71         -37.71
                                                                                         -5%                 37.71          37.71
                                                                          EUR             5%                -17.43         -17.43
                                                                                         -5%                 17.43          17.43
                                                                          CNH             5%                 -0.01          -0.01
                                                                                         -5%                  0.01           0.01
     ii.   Interest rate risk							
           Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of
           changes in market interest rates. At the reporting date the interest rate profile of the Company's interest bearing
           financial instruments are follows:
           Particulars                                                                                 As at                   As at
                                                                                               31 March 2025           31 March 2024
           Fixed rate instruments
           Borrowings                                                                               12,578.63                   8,556.78
           Interest rate sensitivity on variable rate instruments
           Particulars                                                                                 As at                   As at
                                                                                               31 March 2025           31 March 2024
           Impact on profit before tax or equity
           Increase by 50 basis points                                                                 (62.89)                   (42.78)
           Decrease by 50 basis points                                                                     62.89                   42.78
35   Capital management										



98   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 101 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                             (Amount in ` Lakhs)
     The Company’s capital includes issued Equity Capital, Share Premium and Free Reserves.
     The Company’s policy is to meet the financial covenants attached to the interest-bearing borrowings by maintaining a strong
     capital base. The Company aims to sustain investor, creditor and market confidence so as to leverage such confidence for
     future capital/debt requirements.
     Management monitors the return on capital earned, the capital/debt requirements for various business plans under
     consideration and determines the level of dividends to equity shareholders.
     No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the financial years ended on
     31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024.
     Particulars                                                                                  As at                 As at
                                                                                          31 March 2025         31 March 2024
     Total Shareholder's Equity as reported in Balance Sheet                                  46,535.29             45,037.32
     Net Debt:
         Short-term debt                                                                       12,561.75              7,994.29
         Long-term debt (including current portion of long-term debt)                               16.89               562.49
     Gross Debt:                                                                               12,578.64              8,556.78
         Less:Cash and Bank Balances                                                              751.06              4,464.16
     Net Debt/(Net Cash and Bank balances)                                                     11,827.58              4,092.62
36   Disclosure as per the requirement of section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development Act,
     2006:							
     Details of amounts outstanding to Micro and Small Enterprises as defined under the MSMED Act, 2006:
     There are no material dues owed by the Company to Micro and Small enterprises, which are outstanding for more than 45
     days during the year and as at 31 March 2023. This information as required under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
     Development Act, 2006 has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information
     available with the Company.

     Particulars                                                                                  As at                 As at
                                                                                          31 March 2025         31 March 2024
     The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any
     supplier at the end of each accounting year
     - Principal amount remaining unpaid                                                          309.88                305.15
     - Interest accrued and remaining unpaid as at year end                                              -                    -
     The amount of interest paid by the buyer under MSMED Act, 2006 along with                           -                    -
     the amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day
     during each accounting year
     The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making                            -                    -
     payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year)
     but without adding the interest specified under the MSMED Act, 2006
     The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of accounting                        -                    -
     year
     The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the                                -                    -
     succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually
     paid to the small enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible
     expenditure under Section 23 of the MSMED Act, 2006

37   Details of employee benefits as required by Ind-AS 19 - "Employee benefits are as under":
     1    Defined contribution plan - Provident fund and other fund						
          The Company makes contribution towards employees’ provident fund and employees’ state insurance plan scheme.
          Under the schemes, the Company is required to contribute a specified percentage of payroll cost, as specified in the
          rules of the schemes, to these defined contribution schemes.
          The company has done contribution in Superannuation Scheme and National Pension Scheme. The company has



                                                                                           42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 99

===== PAGE 102 =====
                                                                                                                  (Amount in ` Lakhs)
            no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as employee
            benefit expenses when they are due.
            An amount of Rs 278.73 lakhs (31st March 2024: 182.47 lakhs) is recognised as an expense and included in "Employee
            Benefit Expense" in the Statement of Profit  and Loss Account.
            Note:
            The above amount includes the share of employer only.
      2     Defined benefit plan
            (i)      The defined benefit plan comprises gratuity, which is funded.
            (ii)     The company has a defined benefit gratuity plan The gratuity scheme of a company is covered under a group
                     gratuity cum life assurance cash accumulation policy offered by LIC of India
                     Actuarial gains and losses in respect of defined benefit plans are recognized in the Other Comprehensive Income
                     (OCI).
                     The Company provides for gratuity for employees in India as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Gratuity is
                     a benefit to an employee in India based on 15 days last drawn salary for each completed year of service with a
                     vesting period of five years.
                     These defined benefit plans expose the Company to actuarial risks, such as longevity risk and interest rate risk.
37.1 Details of employee benefits as required by Ind-AS 19
(A)   Defined Benefit Plans
      (a)   The amounts recognized in Balance Sheet are as follows:
                     Particulars                                                                       As at                   As at
                                                                                               31 March 2025          31 March 2024
             (i)     Amount to be recognized in Balance Sheet
                     Present value of defined benefit obligation                                      1,026.10                975.04
                     Less: Fair value of plan assets                                                 (1,087.09)           (1,060.63)
                     Amount to be recognized as Liability or (Asset)                                    (60.99)               (85.58)
             (ii)    Amount to be reflected in Balance Sheet
                     Liabilities                                                                              -                     -
                     Assets                                                                             (60.99)               (85.58)
                     Net Liability/(Asset)                                                              (60.99)               (85.58)
      (b)   The amounts recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss are as follows:
                     Particulars                                                                       As at                   As at
                                                                                               31 March 2025          31 March 2024
             (i)     Employee Benefits Expense
                     Current service cost                                                                82.25                 68.30
             (ii)    Acquisition (Gain)/ Loss                                                                 -                     -
             (iii)   Finance cost                                                                             -
                     Net Interest (Income)/Expense                                                      (6.18 )                (9.91)
                     Actuarial losses/(gains)                                                                 -
                     Curtailment (gain)/ loss                                                                 -
                     Settlement (gain)/loss                                                                   -
                     Transfer in / (out)
                     Net periodic benefit cost recognized in the Statement of Profit                     76.07                 58.39
                     and Loss
      (c)   The amounts recognized in the Statement of Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)




100   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 103 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                            (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                  Particulars                                                                     As at                  As at
                                                                                         31 March 2025          31 March 2024
          (i)     Re-measurements for the year-obligation (Gain)/Loss                           (13.26)                 41.22
          (ii)    Re-measurements for the year-plan asset (Gain)/Loss                             (1.50)                  1.89
                  Closing balances [re-measurements (Gain)/Loss recognized                       (14.76)                 43.11
                  in OCI]
    (d)   The changes in the present value of defined benefit obligation representing reconciliation of opening and closing
          balances thereof are as follows:						
                  Particulars                                                                    As at                   As at
                                                                                         31 March 2025          31 March 2024
          (i)     Present value of obligation as at the beginning of the year                   975.04                 875.74
          (ii)    Acquisition adjustment                                                                -                    -
          (iii)   Transfer in / (out)                                                                   -                    -
          (iv)    Interest cost                                                                    70.40                65.86
          (v)     Past service cost                                                                     -                    -
          (vi)    Current service cost                                                             82.25                68.30
          (vii) Curtailment cost / (credit)                                                             -                    -
          (viii) Settlement cost/ (credit)                                                              -                    -
          (ix)    Benefits paid                                                                  (88.33)               (76.07)
          (x)     Re-measurements on obligation - (Gain) / Loss                                  (13.26)                41.22
                  Present value of obligation as at the end of the year                         1,026.10               975.04

    (e)   The changes in the present value of defined benefit obligation representing reconciliation of opening and closing
          balances thereof are as follows:						
                  Particulars                                                                    As at                   As at
                                                                                         31 March 2025          31 March 2024
          (i)     Fair value of the plan assets as at beginning of the year                   1,060.63               1,007.53
          (ii)    Acquisition adjustments                                                               -                    -
          (iii)   Transfer in/(out)                                                                     -                    -
          (iv)    Interest income                                                                  76.58                75.77
          (v)     Contributions                                                                    36.72                55.29
          (vi)    Mortality charges and taxes                                                           -                    -
          (vii) Benefits paid                                                                    (88.33)               (76.07)
          (viii) Amount paid on settlement                                                              -                    -
          (ix)    Return on plan assets, excluding amount recognized in Interest                    1.50                (1.89)
                  Income - Gain / (Loss)
                  Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year                              1,087.09              1,060.63
    (f)   Net interest (income) /expenses
                  Particulars                                                                    As at                   As at
                                                                                         31 March 2025          31 March 2024
          (i)     Interest ( income) / expense – obligation                                      70.40                  65.86
          (ii)    Interest (income) / expense – plan assets                                      (76.58)               (75.77)
                  Net interest (Income) / Expense for the year                                    (6.18)                (9.91)
          Basis used to determine the overall expected return:
          The net interest approach effectively assumes an expected rate of return on plan assets equal to the beginning of the
          year discount rate. Expected return of 7.22 % has been used for the valuation purpose.
    (g)   Principal actuarial assumptions at the balance sheet date (expressed as weighted averages)



                                                                                        42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 101

===== PAGE 104 =====
                                                                                                                       (Amount in ` Lakhs)
             Particulars                                                                                   As at                    As at
                                                                                                   31 March 2025           31 March 2024
             (i)     Discount rate                                                                        6.79%                   7.22%
             (iii)   Salary growth rate *                                                                    8.00%                    8.00%
             (ii)    Expected return on plan assets                                                          6.79%                    7.22%
             The estimates of future salary increase considered in actuarial valuation take into account inflation, seniority, promotion
             and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.
      (i)    General descriptions of defined benefit plans:
             The Company operates gratuity plan wherein every employee is entitled to the benefit equivalent to fifteen days salary
             last drawn for each completed year of service. The same is payable on termination of service or retirement, whichever
             is earlier. The benefit vests after five years of continuous service.
      (j)    Sensitivity Analysis
             Reasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other
             assumptions constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation by the amounts shown below.
             Projected benefit obligation on current                        FY 2024-25                             FY 2023-24
             assumptions                                             Defined benefit obligation            Defined benefit obligation
                                                                     Decrease        Increase              Decrease        Increase
             Discount rate (1 % movement)                                   83.41           (72.51)               80.94           (70.28)
             Future salary growth (1 % movement)                          (68.64)               75.84            (66.57)              73.28
             Attrition rate (1 % movement)                                    7.87              (7.18)             5.09               (4.67)
             Maturity profile of defined benefit plan
             Projected benefits payable in future years from the date of
                                                                                                         FY 2024-25           FY 2023-24
             reporting
             1st Following year                                                                               90.51                 89.42
             2nd Following year                                                                               93.22                 71.53
             3rd Following year                                                                              130.13                100.03
             4th Following year                                                                               76.60                105.54
             5th Following year                                                                               79.06                 74.06
             Sum of years 6 to 10                                                                            362.53                385.46
             Sum of years 11 and above                                                                     1,125.66              1,157.96
38    Segment information
      The following is analysis of the revenue and results from continuing operations by reportable segments.
      Sr     Particulars                                                                                      Year ended
      No                                                                                         31 March 2025          31 March 2024
      (i)    Segment Revenue
             Extrusion Machinery Division                                                                 36,285.02             34,849.04
             Battery Division                                                                             12,698.12             26,616.45
             Total Segment Revenue                                                                        48,983.14             61,465.49
      (ii)   Segment Results
             Extrusion Machinery Division                                                                  7,013.87              4,548.62
             Battery Division                                                                             (2,553.28)              651.55
             Total Segment Results                                                                         4,460.58              5,200.17
             Unallocated Corporate income net of unallocated expenses                                              -                       -
             Profit / (loss) before interest and taxation                                                  4,460.58              5,200.17
             Finance Cost                                                                                  1,117.31               978.30
             Profit (+)/loss (-) before exceptional items and share of loss                                3,343.28              4,221.87
             Share in profit/(loss) of joint ventures / associates                                                 -                       -
             Profit(+)/Loss before exceptional items and tax                                               3,343.28              4,221.87

102   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 105 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                              (Amount in ` Lakhs)
     Sr       Particulars                                                                             Year ended
     No                                                                                 31 March 2025          31 March 2024
              Exceptional items                                                                      848.98                    -
              Profit(+)/ Loss( -) before tax                                                      4,192.26             4,221.87
              Tax Expenses

              Current Tax                                                                         1,075.00             1,074.60
              Deferred Tax                                                                        (269.94)                -20.11
              Net Profit/ (loss) after tax                                                        3,387.20             3,167.38
              Other Comprehensive Income                                                          (665.18)               903.40
              Net Comprehensive Income                                                            2,722.03             4,070.78
     (iii)    Segment Assets

              Extrusion Machinery Division                                                       36,311.38            27,474.65
              Battery Division                                                                   37,735.49            31,167.56
              Total Segment Assets                                                               74,046.87            58,642.21
              Unallocated Corporate Assets                                                        4,908.56            12,773.39
              Total Assets                                                                       78,955.42            71,415.60
     (iv)     Segment Liabilities

              Extrusion Machinery Division                                                       13,621.14            11,214.61
              Battery Division                                                                    5,133.66             5,204.45
              Total Segment Liabilities                                                          18,754.80            16,419.06
              Unallocated Corporate Liabilities                                                  60,200.62            54,996.54
              Total Liabilities                                                                  78,955.42            71,415.60
     Revenue from external customers

      Sr Particulars                                                                                  Year ended
      No
                                                                                        31 March 2025          31 March 2024
          1   India                                                                              41,019.11            53,962.04
          2   Outside India                                                                       6,507.94             6,596.38
     Segment revenue with major customers
     The Company has two customers during the year ended 31 March 2025 (PY Three customer) accounting for more than
     10% of its revenue from operations. During the year 26.94% (PY 40.58%) of the Company’s revenue from operation was
     generated from these customers.
     Note :
     Company operates in two business segments i) Extrusion ii ) Battery.
39   Related party disclosures
     A.       Names of the related party and nature of relationship where control exists:
              Name of the Related Party                                     Nature of relationship
              (A)     Varos Technology Private Limited                      Subsidiary Company
              (B)     Kabra Energy Private Limited                          Subsidiary Company
              (C)     Penta Auto Feeding India Ltd. (Upto 5 Feb 2025)
                                                          th
                                                                            Joint Venture Company
              (D)     Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Private Limited         Joint Venture Company
     B.       List of other related parties




                                                                                          42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 103

===== PAGE 106 =====
                                                                                                            (Amount in ` Lakhs)
           (i)     Key Management Personnel (KMPs)

                   Sr. No. Name of Related Parties                        Designation
                      1    Shreevallabh G. Kabra                          Executive Chairman
                      2    Anand Shreevallabh Kabra                       Vice-Chairman & Managing Director
                      3    Ekta Anand Kabra                               Managing Director
                      4    Satyanarayan G. Kabra                          Director
                      5    Atanu Maity                                    Chief Executive Officer (Extrusion Division)
                      6    Daulat Jain                                    Chief Financial Officer
                      7    Shilpa Rathi                                   Company Secretary

           (ii)    Sr. No. Entities with whom there are transactions in the current year
                      1    Plastiblends India Ltd
                      2    Kolsite Corporation LLP                        Promoter Companies/Enterprises
                      3    Maharashtra Plastic & Industries

           (iii)   Sr. No. Entities with whom there are no transactions in the current year
                      1    Smartech Global Solution Ltd
                      2    Taiyou Green Solutions Pvt Ltd
                                                                          Other Entities
                      3    VTRO Motors Private Limited
                      4    Kolsite Industries
      C.   Transactions with related parties during the year

            Type of          Name of The Party                Transaction Type                      As at               As at
            Relation                                                                        31 March 2025       31 March 2024
            Subsidiary      Kabra Energy Private     Investment in CCD                                     -                    -
                            Limited                  Purchase and Sale of Goods                        0.21                  0.14
                                                     and Services, Reimbursement of
                                                     Expenses
                            Varos Technology         Investment in CCD                               934.25               477.25
                            Private Limited          Issuance of Corporate Gurantee                        -                    -
                                                     Purchase of goods & Services                    388.99              1,168.97
                                                     Reimbursement Income                              2.63                  2.04
                                                     Sales of goods & Services                             -                    -
            Joint Venture Kabra Mecanor Belling Purchase of goods & Services                               -                    -
                          Technik Pvt.Ltd.      Reimbursement Income                                   1.95                  1.15
                                                     Rent Income                                       2.40                  6.53
                                                     Sales of goods & Services                             -                    -
                            Penta Auto Feeding       Purchase of goods & Services                          -                    -
                            India Limited            Reimbursement Income                            158.86               131.06
                            (Upto 5th Feb 2025)
                                                     Rent Income                                       3.00                  3.00
                                                     Sales of goods & Services                             -                    -
            Promoter        Kolsite Corporation      Purchase of goods & Services                          -                    -
            Companies/      LLP                      Reimbursement Expenses                            2.19                  1.90
            Enterprise
                                                     Dividend Paid                                   134.01               134.01
                                                     Rent Expense                                     52.74                51.94
                                                     Sales of goods & Services                             -                    -




104   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 107 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)

          Type of            Name of The Party            Transaction Type                 As at            As at
          Relation                                                                 31 March 2025    31 March 2024
                         Maharastra Plastics     Purchase of goods & Services                0.05               0.06
                         & Ind.
                                                 Reimbursement Expense                          -                  -
                                                 Reimbursement Income                           -                  -
                                                 Rent Income                                 1.80               2.28
                                                 Sales of goods & Services                  32.11              28.87
                         Plastiblends India      Purchase of goods & Services               12.58               8.37
                         Limited
                                                 Reimbursement Expense                          -                  -
                                                 Reimbursement Income                       15.84              15.41
                                                 Rent Expense                               13.53              13.52
                                                 Dividend Paid                              28.96              28.96
                                                 Dividend Received                          60.94              62.25
                                                 Rent Income                                 3.94               3.47
                                                 Sales of goods & Services                 114.40             174.84
          Other Entities Smartech Global         Purchase of goods & Services                   -                  -
                         Solution Ltd
                                                 Sales of goods & Services                      -                  -
                         Vtro Motors Private     Purchase of goods & Services                   -                  -
                         Limited
                                                 Sales of goods & Services                      -               1.88

    D.   Balance Outstanding at end of financial year :
         (i)    Debit Balance Outstanding

                   Type of Relation                  Name of The Party                     As at            As at
                                                                                   31 March 2025    31 March 2024
                Subsidiary              Kabra Energy Private Limited                         0.34               0.14

                                        Varos Technology Private Limited                    41.40              55.89
                Joint Venture           Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt.Ltd.              37.04              38.39

                                        Penta Auto Feeding India Limited                     1.10              64.64
                                        (Upto 5th Feb 2025)
                Promoter Companies/     Maharastra Plastics & Ind.                           2.40               8.16
                Enterprise
                                        Plastiblends India Limited                          13.83               9.59

         (ii)   Credit Balance Outstanding

                   Type of Relation                  Name of The Party                     As at            As at
                                                                                   31 March 2025    31 March 2024
                Subsidiary              Varos Technology Private Limited                     0.10                  -
                Joint Venture           Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt.Ltd.               1.47               1.47
                Promoter Companies/     Kolsite Corporation LLP                              0.07               0.13
                Enterprise              Plastiblends India Limited                           1.59                  -
                Other Entities          Smartech Global Solution Ltd                         0.11               0.11
                                        Vtro Motors Private Limited                       149.70              149.70




                                                                                 42nd Annual Report 2024-25    | 105

===== PAGE 108 =====
                                                                                                               (Amount in ` Lakhs)
           (iii)      Investments

                         Type of Relation                   Name of The Party                         As at                 As at
                                                                                              31 March 2025         31 March 2024
                      Subsidiary               Varos Technology Private Limited                         80.00               80.00
                                               Kabra Energy Private Limited                              0.10                0.10
                      Joint Venture            Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt.Ltd.                   69.98               69.98
                                               Penta Auto Feeding India Limited                                -            49.94
                                               (Upto 5th Feb 2025)
                      Promoter Companies/      Plastiblends India Limited                            2,583.58            3,326.09
                      Enterprise
           (iv)       CCD Outsandings

                         Type of Relation                   Name of The Party                         As at                 As at
                                                                                              31 March 2025         31 March 2024
                      Subsidiary               Varos Technology Private Limited                        934.25              477.25

      E.   Compensation to key management personnel :
              Particulars                                                                           As at                   As at
                                                                                            31 March 2025           31 March 2024
               (a) Remuneration
               (i)    Short term employee benefits (including Commission)                           653.07                 621.53
               (ii)   Post employment benefits                                                             -                    -
              (iii) Other long-term benefits                                                               -                    -
              (b) Others
               (i)    Dividend paid                                                                 429.54                 440.04
               (ii)   Sitting fees                                                                         -                    -
              (iii) Professional Fees                                                                      -                    -
              (iv) Commission                                                                              -                    -
           Note:
           As the post-employment benefits is provided on an actuarial basis for the Company as a whole, the amount pertaining
           to key management personnel is not ascertainable and therefore not included above.
40    Lease transactions
      Company as Lessee The Company has taken office buildings & warehouses on lease for a tenure of 3 to 5 years. The
      Company’s obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets. Generally, the Company
      is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets. There are no variable lease payments and residual value
      guarantees for these leases. The leases are renewable on mutually agreeable terms.
      The Company applied Ind AS 116 for the lease property and the impact is given in financial is as follows :-
      Carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the year :
      Particulars                                                                                   As at                   As at
                                                                                            31 March 2025           31 March 2024
      At the begning of the year                                                                        -                       -
      Additions                                                                                     267.81                      -
      Accretion of Interest                                                                            9.42                     -
      Payment made                                                                                  (34.15)                     -
      Total                                                                                         243.08                      -
      Current Portion                                                                                 87.34                     -
      Non current Portion                                                                           155.74                      -
      Total                                                                                         243.08                      -




106   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 109 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
     Details of Amounts recognised in statement of Profit and Loss:

     Particulars                                                                                     As at                 As at
                                                                                             31 March 2025         31 March 2024
     Depreciation expenses of right of use assets                                                      46.27                       -
     Interest Expenses on lease liabilities                                                              9.42                      -
     Expense relating to Short term lease                                                                   -                      -
     Expense relating to lease of low-value assets (included in other expenses-rent)                        -                      -
     Total                                                                                             55.69                       -
     Contractual Cash flow Lease liabilities as at:

     Particulars                                                                                     As at                 As at
                                                                                             31 March 2025         31 March 2024
     Not later than One Year                                                                          105.01                       -
     Later than One year and not later than five Year                                                 166.74                       -
     Later Than Five Year                                                                                   -                      -
     Total                                                                                            166.74                       -
41   Contingent liablities and commitments							
     a)   Contingent liabilities not provided for :
             Sr. No. Particulars                                                           31 March 2025         31 March 2024
               1     Bank Guarantee and Counter guarantees (Letter of Credit)                       1,132.97                648.32
                     given by the Company for the guarantees issued by Company’s
                     bankers
               2     Disputed Income tax demand *                                                     127.76                127.76
               3     Service tax and Excise matters under dispute                                      12.11                  12.11
               4     Goods and service tax matters under dispute                                         9.24                  9.24
               5     Custom Duty matter under dispute                                                    1.43                  1.43

     b)   Capital and Other Commitment :
             Particulars                                                                   31 March 2025         31 March 2024
             Capital Commitment
             Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital                        143.42                506.25
             account and not provided for (net of advances)
             Other Commitment                                                                               -                      -
          * Note:
          These matters are pending before various appellate authorities and the Management, including its tax advisors, expect
          that its position will likely be upheld on ultimate resolution and will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
          financial position and results of operations.
42   Income taxes
     The income tax expense consists of following:

     Particulars                                                                             FY 2024-25            FY 2023-24
     Tax expense
     Current tax                                                                                    1,075.00              1,074.60
     Income Tax of Earlier Years                                                                            -                      -
     Deferred tax (benefit) / charge                                                                (269.94)                (20.11)
     Total tax expense                                                                                805.05              1,054.49
     Other comprehensive income
     Income tax on items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                               62.57                (35.58)
     Income tax expense reported in the statement of other comprehensive                               62.57                (35.58)
     income


                                                                                             42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 107

===== PAGE 110 =====
                                                                                                           (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      The deferred tax relates to origination/reversal of temporary differences.
      The reconciliation of estimated income tax expense at Indian statutory income tax rate to income tax expense reported in
      Statement of Profit or Loss is as follows:

      Particulars                                                                       FY 2024-25            FY 2023-24
      Profit before tax                                                                        4,192.26             4,221.87
      Indian statutory income tax rate                                                          25.17%                25.17%
      Expected tax expense                                                                     1,061.69             1,062.56
      Tax Effect of adjustments to reconcile expected income tax expense to
      reported income tax expense
      Expenses not deductible in determining taxable profits                                     685.99               442.43
      Allowances / Deductible                                                                   (716.05)             (428.35)
      Tax related to Income from capital gain                                                     58.71                13.63
      Income Tax of earlier Year                                                                       -                    -
      Tax rate difference on book profit as per Minimum Alternative Tax                                -                    -
      Deferred Tax expenses accounted                                                           (269.94)              (20.11)
      Others (net) -                                                                             (15.34)              (15.67)
      Total tax expense                                                                          805.05             1,054.49

      Deferred Tax
      Item wise movement in deferred tax expense recognised in profit or loss / OCI

      Particulars                                                                       FY 2024-25            FY 2023-24
      Provision for doubtful debts and advances                                                 (137.99)              (20.14)
      Provision for leave encashment                                                              (0.44)                 1.36
      Provision for gratuity                                                                      (4.18)                 2.78
      Provision for bonus                                                                         (2.41)                 1.29
      Excess of depreciation/amortisation on fixed assets under income-tax                      (129.09)              (28.24)
      Fair valuation of non-current investments                                                   (8.58)               34.53
      Fair valuation of current investments                                                      (49.83)               23.89
      Total expenses                                                                            (332.52)               15.47
      Recognised in Profit or Loss                                                              (269.94)              (20.11)
      Recognised in Other Comprehensive Income                                                   (62.57)               35.58
      Total expenses                                                                            (332.52)               15.47
      The gross movement in the deferred tax for the year ended 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024 is as follows:

      Particulars                                                                       FY 2024-25            FY 2023-24
      Net deferred income tax assets / (laibilities) at the beginning                         (1,150.18)           (1,134.71)
      Credits / (charge) relating to temporary differences                                       332.52               (15.47)
      MAT Credit utlised                                                                               -                    -
      Net deferred income tax assets / (liabilities) at the end                                 (817.66)           (1,150.18)




108   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 111 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Standalone Financial Statements


                                                                                                           (Amount in ` Lakhs)
43   Following Ratios to be disclosed		

      S Ratio                         Numerator           Denominator        As at 31   As at 31  Variance          Reason
      No                                                                    March 2025 March 2024    %
      (a) Current Ratio (X)         Current Assets       Current Liabilty      1.67          1.95       -14.5%

      (b) Debt-Equity Ratio           Total Debt           Total Equity        0.27          0.19       42.3%     Borrowings
          (X)                                                                                                     on account
                                                                                                                  of Working
                                                                                                                  capital
                                                                                                                  loans
                                                                                                                  have been
                                                                                                                  increased
      (c) Debt Service             Earning available      Debt Service        10.32         10.47        -1.4%
          Coverage Ratio (X)        for debt service
      (d) Return on Equity          Proft After Tax         Average           7.40%         7.59%       -2.55%
          Ratio (%)                                     Shareholder fund
      (e) Inventory turnover             Sales          Average Inventory      1.79          2.69       -33.6%    Due to
          ratio (X)                                                                                               increase in
                                                                                                                  inventory
                                                                                                                  and lower
                                                                                                                  sales
      (f)   Trade Receivables            Sales           Average Trade         4.97          5.76       -13.9%
            turnover ratio (X)                            Receivable
      (g) Trade payables               Purchase          Average Trade         4.43          5.62       -21.3%
          turnover ratio (X)                                Payable
      (h) Net capital turnover           Sales           Working Capital       2.37          2.65       -10.8%
          ratio (X)
      (i)   Net profit ratio (%)    Proft After Tax        Net Sales          7.18%         5.27%       36.3%     Increase on
                                                                                                                  account of
                                                                                                                  exceptional
                                                                                                                  item
      (j)   Return on Capital        Earning before     Capital Employed      8.90%         9.59%        -7.1%
            employed (%)           interest and taxes

44   Distribution made and proposed
     The Board of Directors has recommended payment of Dividend of ₹ 2.50 per fully paid Equity Shares (31 March 2024:
     ₹ 3.50). This proposed dividend is subject to the approval of Shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The
     Dividend will be recognised in the books of accounts in the Year of Payment.
45   All amounts which became due, for transfer to the credit of Investor Education and Protection Fund, as of 31 March 2025,
     have been transferred to that fund.
46   Other Statutory Information
     a)     Loans and Advances in the nature of Loan to Related Parties:
            The Company has not granted any Loans or Advances in the nature of loans to promoters, directors,   KMPs and
            the related parties (as defined under Companies Act, 2013), either severally or jointly with any other person as on
            31 March 2025.
     b)     Relationship with Struck off Companies:
            As per our knowledge, the Company do not have any transactions with struck off companies.
     c)     Registration of charges or satisfaction with Registrar of Companies:
            The Company has no charges or satisfaction yet to be registered with Registrar of Companies beyond the statutory
            period.




                                                                                         42nd Annual Report 2024-25     | 109

===== PAGE 112 =====
      d)    Compliance with number of layers of companies:
            The Company complies with the number of layers prescribed under Clause 87 of Section 2 of the Act, read with the
            Companies (Restriction on number of layers) Rules, 2017.			
      (e)   Compliance with approved Scheme (s) of Arrangements Accounted as per Scheme & Ind AS
            Neither the Company has approached to nor any Competent Authority has approved any scheme of arrangements so
            as to account for in the books of account of the Company, in order to disclose any deviation in that regard.
      (f)   Loans, Guarantee, Security given by Company to Intermediary and it is giving to others on behalf of Company:
            The Company has neither advanced nor loaned or invested funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any
            other sources or kind of funds) to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries).
      (g)   Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency:
            The Company has neither traded nor invested in Crypto currency or Virtual currency during the financial year.
      (h)   Benami Property:
            The Company does not have any Benami property, and hence no proceeding has been initiated or pending against
            the Company for holding any Benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and
            Rules made thereunder.
      (i)   Undisclosed Income:
            There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the current or previous year in the tax assessments
            under the Income Tax Act, 1961, that has not been recorded in the books of account.
      (j)   Revaluation
            The company has not revalued its property, plant & equipment during the year.
      (k)   The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender or
            government or any government authority.
47    Previous year's figures have been regrouped wherever considered necessary to make them comparable with those of the
      current year.


As per our report of even date attached    For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                   S.V. Kabra                        A. S. Kabra                 Atanu Maity
Chartered Accountants                      Executive Chairman                Vice Chairman & MD          Chief Executive Officer
Firm Registration Number:105215W           (DIN: 00015415)                   (DIN: 00016010)             (Extrusion Division)
CA.Suhrud Lele                             Daulat Jain                       Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                    Chief Financial Officer           Company Secretary
Membership No. 121162
Place: Mumbai                                                                Place: Mumbai
Date: 16 May 2025                                                            Date: 16 May 2025




110   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 113 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements



INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
To,
The Members of Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
Report on the audit of Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Kabra Extrusion Technik Limited (hereinafter referred
to as the “Holding Company”) and its subsidiaries (Holding Company and its subsidiary together referred to as “the Group”), and
a joint venture, which comprise the consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the consolidated statement of profit and
loss (including other comprehensive income), the statement of changes in equity and the statement of cash flows for the year
then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements , including material accounting policies and other explanatory
information (hereinafter referred to as “the consolidated financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and based on the consideration
of reports of the other auditors on separate financial statements and financial information of such subsidiary and joint venture as
were audited by the other auditors the aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the information required by the Companies
Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards
prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, (“Ind
AS”) and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Company as at March
31, 2025, the consolidated profit and total comprehensive income, changes in equity and its consolidated cash flows for the year
ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified
under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities
for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group and the joint
venture in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together with the
independence requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements under the provisions of the Act
and the Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and
the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained along with the consideration of reports of the other
auditors referred to in paragraph (a) of the “Other Matters” section below is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment and based on the consideration of reports of other
auditors on separate/consolidated financial statements of components audited by them were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, we do not provide a separate opinion on these
matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.

 Sr.
                              Key audit matters                               How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 No.
  1.   Contingent Liability                                                 Our procedures included, but were not limited to, the
       The Company has duties and taxes litigations that are pending following:
       with various tax authorities. Whether a liability is recognized •         Obtained an understanding from the management
       or disclosed as a contingent liability in the financial statements        with respect to process and controls followed by
       is inherently judgmental and dependent on assumptions and                 the Company for identification and monitoring
       assessments. We placed specific focus on the judgements in                of significant developments in relation to the
       respect to these demands against the Company. Determining                 litigations, including completeness thereof.
       the amount, if any, to be recognized or disclosed in the financial •      Obtained the list of litigations from the
       statements, is inherently subjective. Therefore, it is considered to      management and reviewed their assessment of
       be a key audit matter.                                                    the likelihood of outflow of economic resources
       (Refer Note 41(a) to Consolidated financial statements)                  being probable, possible or remote in respect of
                                                                                the litigations.
                                                                          •     Assessed management’s discussions held
                                                                                with their legal consultants and understanding
                                                                                precedents in similar cases;
                                                                          •     Our own teams of tax experts assessed and
                                                                                validated the adequacy and appropriateness of
                                                                                the disclosures made by the management in the
                                                                                financial statements.


                                                                                             42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 111

===== PAGE 114 =====
 Sr.
                              Key audit matters                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 No.
  2.   Incentive Schemes                                                 We have examined the processes and controls relating
       The Company has operating facilities at various locations and to recognition and measurement of incentive income.
       based on the various incentive schemes of the central government, In this connection, we have: • Reviewed Government
       the Company is eligible for the incentives. The Company is schemes and policy relating to incentives of the
       required to fulfil the conditions mentioned in the notification/ respective state governments
       circular pertaining to that scheme for eligibility of incentive. •        Examined registration for the scheme, subsequent
       The management applies its judgement for the recognition of               departmental orders and regulations issued from
       incentive income and determining the amounts to be adjusted               time to time.
       through capital approach Where in the final determination of the •        Performed substantive procedures for calculation
       claim accepted by the authorities can be modified/delayed. Given          of eligible
       the complexity and magnitude of potential exposures across the
       company, and the judgement involved, this is a key audit matter •         Examined and identified the value of tangible
                                                                                 and intangible assets falling within the eligibility
                                                                                 bracket of the scheme.
                                                                           •     Examination of certificate issues to the
                                                                                 Government authorities with regards to the claim.
                                                                           •     Examination of disbursal orders w.r.t. to the
                                                                                 Government incentive
Information Other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the preparation of the other information. The
other information comprises the information included in the annual report but does not include the financial statements and the
auditor’s report thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this audit report.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified
above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
When we read the annual report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate
the matter to those charged with governance and take necessary actions, as applicable under the relevant laws and regulations.
Management’s and Board of Directors Responsibilities for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these
consolidated financial statements in term of the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 that give a true and fair view of
the consolidated state of affairs, consolidated profit/loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes
in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group including its joint venture in accordance with the accounting principles
generally accepted in India, including the Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133 of the Act. The respective
Management and Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and joint venture are responsible for maintenance
of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Group and for
preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal
financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to
the preparation and presentation of the financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the
Management and Board of Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Management and Board of Directors of the companies included
in the Group and joint venture are responsible for assessing the ability of Group and joint venture to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management
either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Management and Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its joint venture are responsible
for overseeing the financial reporting process of the Group and its joint venture.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually



112    | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 115 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout
the audit. We also:
•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
      design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
      to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
      one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override
      of internal control.
•     Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion
      on whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such
      controls.
•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by Management and Board of Directors.
•     Conclude on the appropriateness of Management’s and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
      based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
      significant doubt on the ability of the Group to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists,
      we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
      or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
      to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group and its Joint Venture to cease
      to continue as a going concern.
•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
      achieves fair presentation.
•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial statements/financial information of the entities or
      business activities within the Group and its joint venture to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
      are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the financial statements/financial information
      of such entities included in the consolidated financial statements. For the other entities included in the consolidated financial
      statements, which have been audited by other auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision
      and performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion. Our responsibilities
      in this regard are further described in the section titled “Other Matters” in this audit report.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the consolidated financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes
it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the financial statements may be influenced. We
consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of
our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company regarding, among other matters, the planned
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance the Holding Company with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance the Holding Company, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter
or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matters
We did not audit the financial statements and other financial information, in respect of a subsidiary, whose financial statements
include total assets (before consolidation adjustments) of Rs. 807 Lakhs as at March 31, 2025, and total revenue (before
consolidation adjustments) of Rs. 373 Lakhs and net cash inflows (before consolidation adjustments) amounting to Rs. 43.31 lakhs
for the year ended on that date respectively, as considered in the consolidated financial statements. These financial statements
and other financial information have been audited by other auditors which have been furnished to us by the management.
We did not audit the financial statements and other financial information, in respect of a subsidiary, whose financial statements
include total assets (before consolidation adjustments) of Rs. 0.0045 Lakhs as at March 31, 2025, and total revenue (before
consolidation adjustments) of Rs. NIL and net cash outflows (before consolidation adjustments) amounting to Rs. 0.01 lakhs for
the year ended on that date respectively, as considered in the consolidated financial statements. These financial statements and
other financial information have been audited by other auditors which have been furnished to us by the management.

                                                                                                42nd Annual Report 2024-25        | 113

===== PAGE 116 =====
The consolidated financial statements also include the Group's share of net profit (including other comprehensive income) of
Rs. 54.45 Lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2025, as considered in the consolidated financial statements, in respect of a
joint venture. These financial statements and other financial information have been audited by other auditors which have been
furnished to us by the management. Our opinion, in so far as it relates to the affairs of such subsidiary and joint venture is based
solely on the report of other auditors.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements below, is not
modified in respect of the above matters with respect to our reliance on the work done and the reports of the other auditors and
the financial statements / financial information certified by the Management.
Figures for the previous year appearing in the Consolidated financial statements were Audited by the previous auditor who vide
his report dated May 03, 2024, expressed an unmodified Opinion on the same. Our report is not modified in respect of the same.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.    A.   As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of the report of the other
           auditor on separate financial statement and the other financial information of subsidiary company and joint venture
           incorporated in India as were audited by other auditors, referred in the Other Matters paragraph above we report, that:
           a)     We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief
                  were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements.
           b)     In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid consolidated
                  financial statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books and the reports of
                  the other auditors.
           c)     The consolidated balance sheet, the consolidated statement of profit and loss including other comprehensive
                  income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flow dealt with by
                  this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the
                  consolidated financial statements.
           d)     In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the Ind AS specified under Section
                  133 of the Act.
           e)     On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company for the year
                  ended March 31, 2025 taken on record by the Board of Directors of the holding Company and the reports of
                  the statutory auditors of its subsidiary company and joint venture company incorporated in India, none of the
                  directors of the Group and joint venture companies incorporated in India is disqualified as on March 31, 2025
                  from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
           f)     With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with respect to financial statements and the
                  operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A”. which is based on auditors’
                  reports of the Company, subsidiary company and joint venture incorporated in India. Our report expresses an
                  unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of internal financial controls over financial
                  reporting of the Holding Company and subsidiary company incorporated in India.
      B.   With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies
           (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the
           explanations given to us and based on the consideration of the reports of the other auditors on separate financial
           statements of the subsidiary and joint ventures as noted in the “Other Matters” paragraph:
           i.     The consolidated financial statements disclose impact of pending litigations on the consolidated financial position
                  of the Group – Refer Note 41(a) to the consolidated financial statements during the year ended 31 March 2025
           ii.    The Group did not have any material long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any
                  material foreseeable losses during the year 31 March 2025.
           iii.   There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and
                  Protection Fund by the Holding Company, its subsidiary and joint venture incorporated in India. - Refer Note 45
                  to consolidated financial statements during the year 31 March 2025
           iv.    With respect to clause (e) of Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended:
                  a.   The Management of the Holding Company has represented that, to the best of it’s knowledge and belief,
                       no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or
                       any other sources or kind of funds) by the company to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including
                       foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the
                       Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any
                       manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee,
                       security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
                  b.   The Management of the Holding Company has represented, that, to the best of it’s knowledge and belief,
                       no funds have been received by the company from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities
                       (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the company


114   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 117 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                      shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner
                      whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee,
                      security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
                c.    Based on such audit procedures that we have considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances,
                      nothing has come to their notice that has caused us believe that the representations under sub-clause (a)
                      and (b) contain any material mis-statement.
          v.    The final dividend paid by the Holding Company during the year in respect for the previous year is in accordance
                with section 123 of the Companies Act 2013 to the extent it applies to payment of dividend.
                As stated in note 44 to the consolidated financial statements, the Board of Directors of the Holding Company
                have proposed final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval of the members at the ensuing Annual
                General Meeting. The dividend proposed is in accordance with section 123 of the Act to the extent it applies to
                declaration of dividend.
          vi.   With respect to clause (g) of Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, the
                requirement under proviso to Rule 3(1) of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 of mandatory audit trail in the
                Company accounting software, based on our examination which included test checks and that performed by
                the respective auditors of the subsidiary, and joint ventures which are companies incorporated in India whose
                financial statements have been audited under the Act, the company, subsidiary and joint ventures have used an
                accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log)
                facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software.
                Further, during the course of our audit, we and respective auditors of the above referred subsidiaries, associates
                and joint ventures/joint operations did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with.
                Additionally, the audit trail has been preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirements for record
                retention.
2.   With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements of section
     197(16) of the Act, as amended:
     In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the
     Company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act.
3.   With respect to the matters specified in paragraphs 3(xxi) and 4 of the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (the
     “Order”/ “CARO”) issued by the Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, to be included in the Auditor’s
     report, according to the information and explanations given to us, and based on the CARO reports issued by us for the
     Company and entities included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company, to which reporting under CARO is
     applicable, we report that there are no qualifications or adverse remarks in these CARO reports.


                                                                                                      For Kirtane & Pandit LLP
                                                                                                         Chartered Accountants
                                                                                       Firm Registration No.105215W/W100057
                                                                                                                   Suhrud Lele
                                                                                                                       Partner
Place: Mumbai                                                                                          Membership No.: 121162
Date: May 16, 2025                                                                              UDIN: 25121162BMJHVM8565




                                                                                           42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 115

===== PAGE 118 =====
ANNEXURE A TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS OF KABRA EXTRUSION TECHNIK LIMITED FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2025
(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the Members
of Kabra Extrusion Technik Limited of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to the aforesaid consolidated financial statements under Clause
(i) of Sub- section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
Opinion
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Kabra Extrusion Technik Limited (hereinafter referred
to as “the Holding Company”) as of and for the year ended March 31, 2025, we have audited the internal financial controls with
reference to financial statements of the Holding Company and such companies incorporated in India under the Act which is its
subsidiary company and Joint Venture, as of that date.
In our opinion and based on the consideration of reports of the other auditors on internal financial controls with reference to
financial statements/financial information of subsidiary company, and, joint venture company as were audited by the other auditors,
the Holding Company and such companies incorporated in India which is its subsidiary company and its joint venture companies
have, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements and such internal financial
controls were operating effectively as at 31 March 2025, based on the internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements criteria established by such companies considering the essential components of such internal controls stated in the
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants
of India (the “Guidance Note”) to the extent applicable.
Management’s and Board of Directors’ Responsibilities for Internal Financial Controls
The Management Board of Directors of the Company, its subsidiary company and Joint Venture, which are companies incorporated
in India, are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control with reference
to financial statements criteria established by the Holding Company considering the essential components of internal control
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial
controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to
respective company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy
and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the
Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the Company
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over
Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the Standards on Auditing
prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls.
Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and
maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system
over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors of the relevant
subsidiary company and joint venture in terms of their reports referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below to the extent
applicable, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to
financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with Reference to Financial Statements
A company’s internal financial control with reference to financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of standalone financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial control with reference to financial
statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that

116   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 119 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of standalone financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
standalone financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with Reference to Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, including the possibility
of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be
detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements to future
periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control with reference to financial statements may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Other Matters
Our report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial controls over
financial reporting with reference to these consolidated financial statements of the Holding Company, in so far as subsidiary
company and joint venture, which are companies incorporated in India, is based on the corresponding reports of the auditors of
such subsidiary and joint venture incorporated in India to the extent applicable.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters.


                                                                                                        For Kirtane & Pandit LLP
                                                                                                           Chartered Accountants
                                                                                         Firm Registration No.105215W/W100057
                                                                                                                     Suhrud Lele
                                                                                                                         Partner
Place: Mumbai                                                                                            Membership No.: 121162
Date: May 16, 2025                                                                                UDIN: 25121162BMJHVM8565




                                                                                             42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 117

===== PAGE 120 =====
Consolidated Balance sheet as at 31 March 2025
                                                                                                                       (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                                           As at                      As at
Particulars                                                                           Note         31 March 2025              31 March 2024
ASSETS
Non-current assets
(a)    Property, plant and equipment                                                    2A               19,277.74                17,913.29
(b)    Capital work-in-progress                                                         2B                5,034.55                 2,432.54
(c)    Intangible assets                                                                2C                  806.15                   499.80
(d)    Goodwill                                                                                              83.63                    83.63
(e)    Right of Use Assets                                                              2D                  231.34                        -
(f)    Financial assets
       (i)   Investments                                                                 3                2,643.94                 3,662.54
       (ii)  Other financial assets                                                      4                  194.52                   133.72
(g)    Other non-current assets                                                          6                  439.91                   351.16
Total Non-current assets                                                                                 28,711.79                25,076.70
Current assets
(a)    Inventories                                                                       7               29,091.27                23,867.17
(b)    Financial assets
       (i)   Investments                                                                 8                5,349.26                 3,518.14
       (ii)  Trade receivables                                                           9                9,091.36                 9,915.15
       (iii) Cash and cash equivalents                                                  10                  241.23                   647.96
       (iv) Other balances with banks                                                  10A                  556.14                 3,819.21
       (v)   Loans                                                                      11                   75.01                    42.66
       (vi) Other financial assets                                                      12                  305.32                   594.56
(c)    Other current assets                                                             13                5,287.57                 4,131.37
Total Current assets                                                                                     49,997.17                46,536.20
TOTAL ASSETS                                                                                             78,708.96                71,612.89
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
(a)    Equity share capital                                                             14                1,748.64                 1,748.64
(b)    Other equity                                                                     15               44,489.51                43,439.14
Total Equity                                                                                             46,238.15                45,187.78
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
(a)    Provisions                                                                       16                 121.32                    123.74
(b)    Financial Liabilties
       (i)   Borrowings                                                                 17                   16.89                    562.49
       (ii)  Lease Liabilities                                                         17(a)                155.74                         -
(c)    Deferred tax liabilities (net)                                                    5                  772.02                  1,148.57
(d)    Other Non-current liabilities                                                                      1,389.90                    669.33
Total Non-current liabilities                                                                             2,455.87                  2,504.13
Current liabilities
(a)    Financial liabilities
       (i)   Borrowings                                                                 17               12,561.75                  7,994.29
       (ii)  Lease Liabilities                                                         17(a)                 87.34                         -
       (iii) Trade Payable
             (a) Total outstanding dues of Micro,Small and Medium Enterprises           18                 309.88                    305.15
             (b) Total outstanding dues other than Micro, Small and Medium              18                7,159.74                  7,807.68
                  Enterprises
       (iv) Other financial liabilities                                                 19                  990.11                 1,430.82
(b)    Other current liabilities                                                        20                8,126.56                 5,545.67
(c)    Provisions                                                                       21                  666.98                   708.85
(d)    Income tax liabilities (net)                                                                         112.60                   128.52
Total Current liabilities                                                                                30,014.96                23,920.99
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                                                             78,708.96                71,612.89
Significant accounting policies                                                          1
Notes referred to above form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
As per our report of even date attached        For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                       S.V. Kabra                           A. S. Kabra                      Atanu Maity
Chartered Accountants                          Executive Chairman                   Vice Chairman & MD               Chief Executive Officer
Firm Registration Number:105215W               (DIN: 00015415)                      (DIN: 00016010)                  (Extrusion Division)
CA.Suhrud Lele                                 Daulat Jain                          Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                        Chief Financial Officer              Company Secretary
Membership No. 121162
Place: Mumbai                                                                       Place: Mumbai
Date: 16 May 2025                                                                   Date: 16 May 2025

118   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 121 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


Consolidated statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended on 31 March 2025
                                                                                                                   (Amount in ` Lakhs)

       Particulars                                                                Note       31 March 2025              31 March 2024
I.     Revenue from operations
       (a) Revenue from operations                                                  22              47,684.75                 60,777.42
II.    Other income                                                                 23               1,298.45                    688.07
III.   Total income (I + II)                                                                        48,983.20                 61,465.49
IV.    Expenses
       (a) Cost of materials consumed                                               24              32,051.74                 44,244.78
       (b) Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods and                             25              (2,934.52)                (1,865.02)
             Work-in-progress
       (c)   Employee benefits expense                                              26               6,060.43                  5,539.56
       (d) Finance costs                                                            27               1,117.31                    978.30
       (e) Depreciation and Amortization expense                                    28               2,069.59                  1,562.99
       (f)   Other expenses                                                         29               7,540.87                  6,794.29
       Total Expenses (IV)                                                                          45,905.42                 57,254.89
V.     Profit / (Loss) before exceptional items and tax ( III - IV)                                  3,077.79                  4,210.59
VI.    Exceptional Items (Net)                                                      32                 848.98
VII.   Profit / (Loss) Before Tax (V- VI)                                                            3,926.77                  4,210.59
VIII   Share in profit/(loss) of joint ventures / associates                                            54.46                    224.44
IX     Profit before tax (VIII-IX)                                                                   3,981.21                  4,435.03
X      Tax expenses
       (a) Current tax                                                                               1,075.00                  1,074.60
       (b) Income Tax of Earlier Year                                                                       -                          -
       (c)   Deferred tax                                                                            (313.99)                    (21.27)
       Total tax expenses                                                                              761.01                  1,053.33
XI     Profit for the year                                                                           3,220.20                  3,381.70
XII    Other comprehensive income
       (a) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
             (i) Equity instruments through other comprehensive income                               (742.51)                    982.09
             (ii) Remeasurements of defined benefit plans                                               14.76                    (43.11)
       (b) Income tax on items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                          62.57                    (35.58)
       Total Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss)                                                     (665.18)                    903.40
XIII   Total comprehensive Income for the year                                                       2,555.03                  4,285.10
XIV Profit after tax is attributable to;
       (a) Owner of holding co                                                                       3,220.20                  3,381.70
       (b) Non - Controlling Interest                                                                       -                         -
XV     Other comprehensive income is attributable to;
       (a) Owner of holding co                                                                       (665.18)                    903.40
       (b) Non - Controlling Interest                                                                       -                         -
XVI Total Comprehensive income is attributable to;
       (a) Owner of holding co                                                                       2,555.03                  4,285.10
       (b) Non - Controlling Interest                                                                       -                         -
XVII Earnings per share (face value of ₹ 5 each)
       Basic (in ₹)                                                                 33                   9.21                      9.80
       Diluted (in ₹)                                                               33                   9.21                      9.67
Significant accounting policies                                                      1
Notes referred to above form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements

As per our report of even date attached     For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                    S.V. Kabra                         A. S. Kabra                       Atanu Maity
Chartered Accountants                       Executive Chairman                 Vice Chairman & MD                Chief Executive Officer
Firm Registration Number:105215W            (DIN: 00015415)                    (DIN: 00016010)                   (Extrusion Division)
CA.Suhrud Lele                              Daulat Jain                        Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                     Chief Financial Officer            Company Secretary
Membership No. 121162
Place: Mumbai                                                                  Place: Mumbai
Date: 16 May 2025                                                              Date: 16 May 2025


                                                                                             42nd Annual Report 2024-25           | 119

===== PAGE 122 =====
Consolidated statements of changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March 2025
                                                                                                                           (Amount in ` Lakhs)
14      Equity share capital
        (1)   Current reporting period (For the FY 2024-25)
         Balance at the begnning of the           Change in Equity         Restated balance        Change in equity          Balance at the
         current reporting period                Share Capital due         at the beginning       share capital during     end of the current
                                                to prior period error        of the previous       the Current year         reproting period
                                                                            reporting period
                                     1,748.64                         -                1,748.64                        -              1,748.64
        (2)   Previous reporting period (For the FY 2023-24)
         Balance at the begnning of the           Change in Equity         Balance at the end  Change in equity              Balance at the
         Previous reporting period               Share Capital due           of the previous  share capital during         end of the current
                                                to prior period error       reproting period   the Previous year            reproting period
                                     1,679.56                         -                1,679.56                 69.09                 1,748.64

15      Other equity
(1)     Current reporting period (For the FY 2024-25)
                                       Reserves and Surplus                                       Other Reserves                       Total

                         Capital Securities Warrant General Retained                       Debt         Equity    Retained
                         Reserve Premium Proceeds Reserves Earnings                    instruments   Instruments   earning
                                                                                      through Other through Other in Jointly
                                                                                     Comprehensive Comprehensive controlled
                                                                                         Income        Income      entities/
                                                                                                                     joint
                                                                                                                  ventures
Balance at the
beginning of the
                               -   10,542.61     (0.00)   5,476.10 24,150.76                       -        3,079.31        190.36    43,439.14
current reporting
period
Changes in
accounting policy or           -           -          -           -              -                 -               -              -             -
prior period errors
Restated balance
at the beginning
                               -   10,542.61     (0.00)   5,476.10 24,150.76                       -        3,079.31        190.36    43,439.14
of the current
reporting period
Total
Comprehensive
                               -           -          -           -       3,165.75                 -        (665.18)       (226.03)    2,274.54
Income for the
current year
Gain on Equity
Instruments which
was classified                 -           -          -           -              -                 -               -              -             -
under FVTOCI
transferred*
OCI Reserve
                               -           -          -           -              -                 -               -              -             -
adjustment
Dividends (For FY              -           -          -           - (1,224.05)                     -               -              -   (1,224.05)
2021-22)
Any other change
(to be specified)
      Issue of Shares          -           -          -           -              -                 -               -              -             -
      Issue of Warrant         -           -          -           -              -                 -               -              -             -
Balance at the
end of the current             -   10,542.61     (0.01)   5,476.10 26,092.46                       -        2,414.14        (35.67)   44,489.50
reporting period




120     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 123 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


Consolidated statement of changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March 2025 (Cont.)
                                                                                                                       (Amount in ` Lakhs)
(2)     Previous reporting period (For the FY 2023-24)
                                       Reserves and Surplus                                     Other Reserves                      Total

                         Capital Securities Warrant General Retained                      Debt         Equity    Retained
                         Reserve Premium Proceeds Reserves Earnings                   instruments   Instruments   earning
                                                                                     through Other through Other in Jointly
                                                                                    Comprehensive Comprehensive controlled
                                                                                        Income        Income      entities/
                                                                                                                    joint
                                                                                                                 ventures
Balance at the
beginning of the
                               -    6065.80     1136.47    5476.10       21943.11                -         2082.27      (34.08)   36,669.68
Previous reporting
period
Changes in
accounting policy or           -           -           -          -             -                -               -            -             -
prior period errors
Restated balance
at the beginning
                               -    6,065.80   1,136.47    5,476.10 21,943.11                    -        2,082.27      (34.08)   36,669.69
of the Previous
reporting period
Total
Comprehensive
                               -           -           -          -      3,157.37                -          903.40       224.44     4,285.21
Income for the
Previous year
Gain on Equity
Instruments which
was classified                 -           -           -          -        319.60                -               -            -      319.60
under FVTOCI
transferred*
OCI Reserve
                               -           -           -          -       (93.63)                -           93.63            -             -
adjustment
Dividends (For FY
                               -           -           -          - (1,175.69)                   -               -            -   (1,175.69)
2020-21)
Any other change
                               -           -           -          -             -                -               -            -             -
(to be specified)
      Issue of shares          -    4,476.81 (1,136.47)           -             -                -               -            -     3,340.34
      Issue of Warrant         -           -           -          -             -                -               -            -             -
Balance at the end
of the Previous                -   10,542.61      (0.00)   5,476.10 24,150.76                    -        3,079.31       190.36   43,439.13
reporting period
* The amount represents the gain on sale of shares of Plastiblends India Ltd. (122402 Shares)

As per our report of even date attached        For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                       S.V. Kabra                            A. S. Kabra                     Atanu Maity
Chartered Accountants                          Executive Chairman                    Vice Chairman & MD              Chief Executive Officer
Firm Registration Number:105215W               (DIN: 00015415)                       (DIN: 00016010)                 (Extrusion Division)
CA.Suhrud Lele                                 Daulat Jain                           Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                        Chief Financial Officer               Company Secretary
Membership No. 121162
Place: Mumbai                                                                        Place: Mumbai
Date: 16 May 2025                                                                    Date: 16 May 2025




                                                                                                     42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 121

===== PAGE 124 =====
Consolidated Cash Flow statement for the year ended 31 March 2025
                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                 For the year        For the year
Particulars                                                                            ended               ended
                                                                               31 March 2025       31 March 2024
A. Cash flow from operating activities
      Net Profit / (Loss) before extraordinary items and tax                         3,077.78            4,210.59
      Adjustments for:
      Depreciation and amortisation (including exceptional item)                     2,069.59            1,562.99
      (Profit) / Loss on sale of property, plant and equipments                          0.16                 0.02
      (Profit) / Loss on sale of investments                                         (233.29)              (54.16)
      Dividend income from current investments                                        (60.94)              (62.25)
      Fair value changes of current investments                                      (188.78)             (196.07)
      Interest income from financial assets at amortised cost                        (105.08)             (360.93)
      Interest expenditure on borrowings                                              914.04               756.27
      Bill discounting and factoring charges                                          184.89               147.74
      Other borrowing costs                                                            18.38                74.29
      Fair value changes in derivative instruments                                     11.46                10.66
      Balance written off                                                            (710.35)                    -
      Warrenty provision                                                              360.13                     -
      Remeasurements of defined benefit plans                                          14.76               (43.11)
      Provision for doubtful trade and other receivables, loans and advances          533.78                99.06
                                                                                    2,808.74             1,934.50
      Operating profit / (loss) before working capital changes                       5,886.52            6,145.09
      Changes in working capital:
      (Increase) / Decrease in inventories                                         (5,224.10)           (2,920.96)
      (Increase) / Decrease in trade receivables                                      823.79             1,043.04
      (Increase) / Decrease in other bank balances                                   3,263.07            1,346.85
      (Increase) / Decrease in current loans                                          (32.35)                 7.55
      (Increase) / Decrease in other current financial asset                          289.24              (104.25)
      (Increase) / Decrease in other current assets                                (1,156.20)           (1,286.43)
      (Increase) / Decrease in non-current loans                                      (51.82)                11.20
      (Increase) / Decrease in other non-current assets                              (240.32)                    -
      Increase / (Decrease) in trade payables                                        (643.22)              (25.30)
      Increase / (Decrease) in other financial liabilities                           (440.71)              223.86
      Increase / (Decrease) in other current liabilities                             2,580.89              195.62
      Increase / (Decrease) in other non current liabilities                          541.03                     -
      Increase / (Decrease)in short-term provisions                                  (711.20)             (293.49)
      Increase / (Decrease) in lease liability                                        243.08                     -
      Increase / (Decrease)in long-term provisions                                     (2.42)               15.92
      Cash generated from operations                                                 5,125.27            4,358.71
      Net income tax (paid) / refunds                                                (839.51)           (1,075.04)
      Net cash flow from / (used in) operating activities                            4,285.76            3,283.66




122     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 125 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


Consolidated Cash Flow statement for the year ended 31 March 2025 (Cont.)
                                                                                                                  (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                              For the year              For the year
Particulars                                                                                         ended                     ended
                                                                                            31 March 2025             31 March 2024
B. Cash flow from investing activities
    Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment                                           (6,249.56)               (5,042.49)
    Expenditure on intangibles (including capital advance)                                          (565.63)                    357.21
    Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                 0.65                      2.77
    Investment in joint ventures                                                                      898.92                          -
    Deffered tax expenses                                                                             313.99                   (21.27)
    Sale of Non Current Investment                                                                          -                   796.84
    Purchase of Goodwill                                                                                    -                         -
    Net sale / (purchase) of current investments                                                   (1,001.30)               (1,681.70)
    Interest received                                                                                 105.08                    360.93
    Dividend received                                                                                  60.94                     62.25
    Net cash flow from / (used in) investing activities                                            (6,436.89)               (5,165.45)
C. Cash flow from financing activities
    Interest expenditure on term loan and cash credit                                               (914.04)                  (756.27)
    Issue of Warrants                                                                                       -                 3,340.33
    Issue of Equity                                                                                         -                         -
    Bill discounting and factoring charges                                                          (184.89)                  (147.74)
    Other borrowing cost                                                                              (18.38)                  (74.29)
    Fair value changes in derivative instruments                                                      (11.46)                  (10.66)
    Dividend paid                                                                                  (1,224.05)               (1,175.69)
    Tax on interim dividend                                                                                 -
    Borrowings / (Repayment) (Net)                                                                  4,097.23                  1,158.60
    Net cash flow from / (used in) financing activities                                             1,744.41                  2,334.28
    Net increase / (decrease) in Cash and cash equivalents                                          (406.73)                    452.50
    Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                            647.96                    195.46
    Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                  241.23                    647.96

As per our report of even date attached      For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                     S.V. Kabra                        A. S. Kabra                      Atanu Maity
Chartered Accountants                        Executive Chairman                Vice Chairman & MD               Chief Executive Officer
Firm Registration Number:105215W             (DIN: 00015415)                   (DIN: 00016010)                  (Extrusion Division)
CA.Suhrud Lele                               Daulat Jain                       Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                      Chief Financial Officer           Company Secretary
Membership No. 121162
Place: Mumbai                                                                  Place: Mumbai
Date: 16 May 2025                                                              Date: 16 May 2025




                                                                                             42nd Annual Report 2024-25          | 123

===== PAGE 126 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial statements for the year ended 31st March 2025

The Corporate overview
Holding company
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (the Company) is a public company domiciled and incorporated in India. The Registered Office is
situated at Andheri (West), Mumbai – 400053. The shares of the Company are listed on two stock exchanges in India i.e. National
Stock Exchange (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited (‘the Company’ or ‘KET’) CIN: L28900MH1982PLC028535 is India’s premier manufacturer &
exporter of plastic extrusion machineries for manufacturing pipe & films and lithium-ion battery packs for electric mobility & energy
storage application. The company is part of renowned Kolsite Group having over 6 decades of experience. The company enjoys
leadership position in the plastic extrusion market with more than 15,000 installations and presence around 100+ countries across
globe. It has two manufacturing units at Daman along with state of the art R&D facilities for its Extrusion division.
Geon (erstwhile Battrixx) is the Battery division of the company. It is dedicated to developing and producing green energy systems
and solutions, through strong R&D capabilities, that will power the growth of India’s transition into green energy storage and
electric mobility. The company has a battery pack manufacturing facility at Chakan.
Subsidiary Company
KET Limited has two subsidiaries: Varos Technologies Private Limited and Kabra Energy Private Limited (formerly known as
Kolsite Energy Private Limited)
Varos Technologies Private Limited (CIN: U72900PN2021PTC199684) is a Pune-based company specializes in computer-related
services, including website maintenance, multimedia creation, and IoT solutions. It was incorporated on December 22, 2021, and
operates as a private, non-government entity.
Kabra Energy Private Limited (CIN: U31906MH2021PTC359713) is a Mumbai-based company focused on manufacturing of other
electrical equipment, specifically focusing on green energy solutions and battery technology. It was incorporated on April 29, 2021,
and is also classified as a private, non-government company.
Joint Venture Company
KET Limited has two joint ventures: Penta Auto Feeding India Limited (upto 5th Feb”2025) and Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik
Private Limited.
Penta Auto Feeding India Limited (CIN: U29253MH2015PLC268587) is a Mumbai-based company. Penta specializes in the
design, manufacturing and installation of large-scale systems for storage and handling of raw materials and ingredients in
powdered form used mainly in the plastics and food and beverage industries. Penta’s products & solutions are targeted to PVC
dry blend manufacturers, compounders and companies within the extrusion sector. It was incorporated on September 22, 2015,
and operates as a public, non-government entity.
Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Private Limited (CIN: U29309MH2017PTC301646) is a Mumbai-based company. Kabra Mecanor
Belling Technik Private Limited specializes in the manufacturing and export of pipe extrusion lines, specifically for socketing
(belling) of pipes. They are a joint venture with Extron Mecanor and are known for their expertise in offering solutions for Overall
Equipment Effectiveness (OEE) in pipe production.
Material Accounting Policies
a)    Statement of compliance & Basis of Preparation
      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified
      under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read together with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)
      Rules, 2015 and related amendments as notified from time to time (hereinafter referred as ‘Ind AS’).
      Accordingly, the Company has prepared these Financial Statements which comprise the Balance Sheet as at 31 March,
      2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31 March 2025, the Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended
      31 March 2025 and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended as on that date, and accounting policies and other
      explanatory information (together hereinafter referred to as ‘financial statements’).
      These financial statements are approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 16th May, 2025.
      The financial statements have been prepared on accrual and going concern basis. The accounting policies are applied
      consistently to all the periods presented in the financial statements. All assets and liabilities have been classified as current
      or non-current as per the Company’s normal operating cycle and other criteria as set out in the Division II of Schedule III to
      the Companies Act, 2013.
b)    Basis of measurement
      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following items, which
      are measured on an alternative basis on each reporting date.
      •     Certain financial assets and liabilities (including derivative instruments) are measured at fair value.
      •     Defined benefit plans – plan assets are measured at fair value.

124   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 127 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


c)   Rounding of amounts
     All amounts disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statements including notes have been rounded off to the nearest
     lakhs in Indian Rupee (INR 00,000) as per the requirements of Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013; unless otherwise
     indicated.
d)       Basis of Consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements relate to Kabra Extrusion Technik Limited (‘the Company’) and its Joint Ventures. The
     consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the following basis:
     Investment in Joint Ventures has been accounted under the equity method as per Ind AS 28 - Investments in Associates and
     Joint ventures.
         Subsidiaries
     The consolidated financial statements include Kabra Extrusion Technik Limited and its subsidiaries. The results of subsidiaries
     acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated financial statements from the effective date of
     acquisition and up to the effective date of disposal, as appropriate. Inter-company transactions and balances including
     unrealised profits are eliminated in full on consolidation. Non-controlling interests in the net assets (excluding goodwill) of
     consolidated subsidiaries are identified separately from the Company’s equity.
     Joint ventures
     A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net
     assets of the arrangement. The results, assets and liabilities of a joint venture are incorporated in these financial statements
     using the equity method of accounting as described below.
     Equity method of accounting (equity accounted investees)
     An interest in an associate or joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date the investee becomes joint
     venture and are recognised initially at cost. The carrying value of investment in joint ventures includes goodwill identified on
     date of acquisition, net of any accumulated impairment losses. The consolidated financial statements include the Company’s
     share of profits or losses, other comprehensive income and equity movements of equity accounted investments, from the
     date that significant influence or joint control commences until the date that significant influence or joint control ceases.
     When the Company’s share of losses exceeds its interest in an equity accounted investment, the carrying amount of that
     interest (including any long-term interests in the nature of net investments) is reduced to nil and the recognition of further
     losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Company has incurred constructive or legal obligations or has made
     payments on behalf of the investee. When the Company transacts with joint venture of the Company, unrealised profits and
     losses are eliminated to the extent of the Company’s interest in its joint venture. Dividends are recognised when the right to
     receive payment is established.
e)   Property, plant and equipment
     •      Recognition and measurement
            Freehold land is carried at historical cost. All other items of property, plant and equipment are stated at
            Cost of acquisition less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Cost comprises of purchase
            price, non-refundable taxes and duties and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition
            for the intended use. Any trade discounts and rebates are deducted in arriving at the purchase price.
            Borrowing costs attributable to construction or acquisition of a qualifying asset for the period up to the date, the asset
            is ready for its intended use are included in the cost of the asset to which they relate.
            Pre-operative expenditure including trial run expenses comprising of revenue expenses incurred as reduced by the
            revenue generated during the period up to the date, the asset is ready for its intended use are treated as part of costs
            of that asset.
            Capital work-in-progress comprises of the cost of property, plant and equipment that are not yet completely ready for
            their intended use as at the balance sheet date.
     •      Subsequent costs
            The cost of replacing a part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in the carrying amount of the
            item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the company and its cost
            can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized. Repairs and maintenance cost
            are recognized in the statement of profit and loss when incurred.
     •      Derecognition
            An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are
            expected from its use or disposal. Gains and losses on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are
            determined by comparing the proceeds from disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment, and
            are recognised net and disclosed within other income or expenses in the statement of profit and loss.


                                                                                              42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 125

===== PAGE 128 =====
      •    Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives and residual value
           Depreciation is provided on the Straight Line Method (SLM) over the estimated useful lives of the assets considering
           the nature, estimated usage, operating conditions, past history of replacement, anticipated technological changes,
           manufacturer’s warranties and maintenance support. Taking into account these factors, the Company has decided to
           retain the useful life hitherto adopted for various categories of property, plant and equipments which are different from
           those prescribed in Schedule II of the Act.
            Type of Asset                                                                        Estimated useful llfe (Years)
            Plant & Equipments                                                                                             2 to 15
            Building                                                                                                      20 to 30
            Furniture & Fixture                                                                                            2 to 15
            Vehicles                                                                                                       8 to 10
            Office Eqipments                                                                                                2 to 8
            Computer                                                                                                        2 to 3
           Asset costing ₹ 5,000 or less are fully depreciated in the year of purchase.
           Leasehold land is to be amortized equally over the lease period. Freehold land is not depreciated.
           The useful lives are reviewed at each year end. Changes in expected useful lives are treated as change in accounting
           estimates. Depreciation is not recorded on capital work-in-progress until construction and installation are complete and
           the asset is ready for its intended use.
f)    Intangible assets
      •    Recognition and measurement
           Intangible assets are recognised when the asset is identifiable, is within the control of the Group, it is probable that the
           future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset will flow to the Group and cost of the asset can be reliably
           measured.
           Intangible assets acquired by the Group that have finite useful lives are measured at cost less accumulated amortisation
           and any accumulated impairment losses.
           Research costs are charged to the statement of Profit and Loss in the year in which they are incurred. Product
           development costs incurred on new vehicle platform, engines, transmission and new products are recognised as
           intangible assets, when feasibility has been established, the Group has committed technical, financial and other
           resources to complete the development and it is probable that asset will generate future economic benefits.
           The cost of an internally generated intangible asset is the sum of directly attributable expenditure incurred from the date
           when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria to the completion of its development. Interest cost incurred
           is capitalised up to the date the asset is ready for its intended use for qualifying assets, based on borrowings incurred
           specifically for financing the asset or the weighted average rate of all other borrowings if no specific borrowings have
           been incurred for the asset. Product development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and
           impairment, if any amortisation is not recorded on product engineering in progress until development is complete.
      •    Derecognition
           An item of intangible asset is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its
           use or disposal. Gains and losses on disposal of intangible asset are determined by comparing the proceeds from
           disposal with the carrying amount of intangible asset and are recognised net and disclosed within other income or
           expenses in the statement of profit and loss.
      •    Amortisation
           Amortisation is calculated over the cost of the asset, or other amount substituted for cost. Amortisation is recognised
           in statement of profit and loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible assets from the
           date that they are available for use, since this most closely reflects the expected pattern of consumption of the future
           economic benefits embodied in the asset.
g)    Leases
      The Company as a lessee
      The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset
      is initially measured at cost.
      The right-of-use assets are subsequently depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
      a straight-line basis. In addition, the right-of-use asset is reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain
      remeasurements of the lease liability.
      The lease liability is initially measured at amortised cost at the present value of the future lease payments, discounted using
      the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using the incremental borrowing rate.


126   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 129 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


     It is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is
     a change in the Company’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the
     Company changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.
     When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-
     of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.
     The Company has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease
     term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The Company recognises the lease payments associated with
     these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
     The Company as lessor
     When the Company acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating
     lease.
     Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is
     classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
     When the Company is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sublease separately. The
     sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease.
     The Company recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over the lease
     term.
h)   Impairment of assets
     At the end of each reporting period, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets and
     investments in associate and joint ventures to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an
     impairment loss.
     If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less cost to sell,
     of the asset or cash-generating unit, as the case may be, is estimated and impairment loss (if any) is recognised and the
     carrying amount is reduced to its recoverable amount.
     In assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value. When it is not possible
     to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-
     generating unit to which the asset belongs.
     Except for goodwill, when an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating
     unit is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed
     the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or cash-
     generating unit) earlier.
     Goodwill, intangible assets and intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually and
     whenever there is an indication that the asset may be impaired.
     Reversal of impairment loss
     An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is
     Reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
     determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.
i)   Inventories
     Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realisable value.
     Cost of raw materials, components and consumables are ascertained on a moving weighted average basis. Cost, including
     fixed and variable production overheads, are allocated to work-in-progress and finished goods determined on a full absorption
     cost basis.
     Cost of inventories also include all other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
     Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated cost of completion and
     selling expenses.
j)   Cash and cash equivalents
     Cash and Cash Equivalent include Cash on hand, Demand deposit with Banks, Other short-term highly liquid investments
     with original maturities of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Bank overdradfts
     are shown within short-term borrowings in the balance sheet.
k)   Revenue recognition
     i)    Sale of Products
           The Group recognises revenues from sale of products measured at the amount of transaction price (net of variable
           consideration), when it satisfies its performance obligation at a point in time which is when products are delivered to


                                                                                              42nd Annual Report 2024-25        | 127

===== PAGE 130 =====
             buyers. Accordingly the Group recongnizes revenue when all significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods
             are passed on to the buyer, recovery of the consideration is probable, the associated costs can be estimated reliably,
             there is no continuing effective control over, or managerial involvement with, the goods, and the amount of revenue can
             be measured reliably. It excludes Goods and Service tax (GST),sales tax wherever applicable. The transaction price of
             goods sold is net of variable consideration on account of various discounts and schemes offered by the Group as part
             of the contract.
      ii)    Sale of Services
             Sale of services includes maintenance services provided to the customers.____________
      iii)   Other income
      •      Interest income
             Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the
             Group and the amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest income is accrued on, time basis, by reference to
             the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated
             future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to that asset's net carrying amount on initial
             recognition.
      •      Dividend
             Dividends are recognised in the statement of profit and loss only when the right to receive the payment is established,
             it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Company, and the amount can be
             measured reliably.
      •      Export Incentive
             Export incentives are recognised when the right to receive credit as per the terms of incentives is established in respect
             of the exports made and when there is no significant uncertainty regarding the ultimate collection of the relevant export
             proceeds.
l)    Borrowing costs:
      Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that
      necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets,
      until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are recognised
      in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
m)    Foreign currency transactions and balances
      These consolidated financial statements are presented in Indian rupees, which is the functional currency of Kabra Extrusion
      Technik Limited.Transactions in foreign currency are recorded at exchange rates prevailing at the date of transactions.
      Exchange differences arising on foreign exchange transactions settled during the year are recognized in the statement of
      profit and loss of the year.
      Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies which are outstanding, as at the reporting period are
      translated at the closing exchange rates and the resultant exchange differences are recognized in the statement of profit and
      loss.
      Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are measured in terms of historical cost are
      translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.
      The date of the transaction for the purpose of determining the exchange rate to use on the initial recognition of the related
      asset, expense or income (or part of it) is the date on which entity initially recognizes the non-monetary asset or non-
      monetary liability arising from the payment or receipt of advance.
n)    Employee Benefits
             Short-term employee benefits
      All employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months of rendering the services are classified as short-term employee
      benefits. Benefits such as salaries, wages, expected cost of bonus and short-term compensated absences, performance
      pay etc. are recognized in the period in which the employee renders the related service.
      Post-employment benefits
      Defined Contribution plans
      The Group’s approved Superannuation Scheme, Central Provident Fund Scheme and National Pension Scheme are
      a defined contribution plan. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The
      contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due.
      Defined contribution to Employees Pension Scheme 1995 is made to Government Provident Fund Authority and recognized
      as expense as and when due.



128   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 131 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


     Defined Benefit plans
     The Group operates a defined benefit gratuity plan, which requires contributions to be made to a fund set up by Life
     Insurance Corporation of India. The present value of the obligation under such defined benefit plans is determined based on
     actuarial valuation using the projected unit credit method, which recognises each period of service as giving rise to additional
     unit of employee benefit entitlement and measures each unit separately to build up the final obligation.
     The obligation is measured at the present value of the estimated future cash flows. The discount rates used for determining
     the present value of the obligation under defined benefit plans, is based on the market yields on government securities as
     at the reporting date, having maturity periods approximating to the terms of related obligations.
     Remeasurements, comprising of actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling, excluding amounts included in net
     interest on the net defined benefit liability and the return on plan assets, are recognised immediately in the balance sheet
     with a corresponding debit or credit to retained earnings through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) in the period in which
     they occur. Remeasurements are not reclassified to the statement of profit and loss in subsequent periods.
     In case of funded plans, the fair value of the plan’s assets is reduced from the gross obligation under the defined benefit
     plans, to recognise the obligation on net basis.
     Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments or curtailments are recognised
     immediately in profit or loss as past service cost.
     Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or the fair value of the plan asset.
     The cost is included in employee benefit expense in the statement of profit and loss.
     Other long-term employee benefits
     The liabilities for earned leave which are not expected to be settled within twelve months after the end of the reporting period
     in which the employee render the related service. They are therefore measured as the present value of expected future
     payments to be made in respect of services provided by employee up to the end of the reporting period using the projected
     unit credit method. The benefits are discounted using the market yields at the end of the reporting period that have terms
     approximating the terms of the related obligation. Remeasurements as a result of experience adjustments and change in
     actuarial assumptions are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. The obligations are presented as current liabilities
     in the Balance Sheet if the entity does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement for at least twelve months after the
     reporting period, regardless of when the actual settlement is expected to occur.
o)   Taxation
     Current tax is determined as the amount of tax payable in respect of taxable income for the year. The Company’s current tax
     is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
     Deferred tax
     Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
     and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the reporting date.Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all
     taxable temporary differences, except:
     •     When the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that
           is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit
           or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;
     •     In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in
           joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the
           temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
     Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits and any
     unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
     against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can
     be utilised, except:
     •     When the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an
           asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither
           the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary
           differences;
     •     In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in
           joint ventures, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences
           will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can
           be utilised.
     Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss (either in other
     comprehensive income or in equity). Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in
     other comprehensive income or directly in equity.



                                                                                                42nd Annual Report 2024-25        | 129

===== PAGE 132 =====
      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it
      is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
      Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability
      is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
      end of the reporting period.
      The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in
      which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and
      liabilities.
p)    Government Grant:
      Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attached
      conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to revenue, it is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss on
      a systematic basis over the periods to which they relate.
      When the grant relates to an asset, it is treated as deferred income and recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss on a
      systematic basis over the useful life of the asset using capital approach.
q)    Provisions and contingencies
      A provision is recorded when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable
      that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reasonably estimated.
      Provision is made for estimated warranty claims in respect of products sold which are still under warranty at the end of the
      reporting period. These claims are expected to be settled as and when warranty claims arise. Management estimates the
      provision based on historical warranty claim information and any recent trends that may suggest future claims could differ
      from historical amounts.
      A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events whose existence will be confirmed by the occurrence
      or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events beyond the control of the Group or a present obligation that is
      not recognized because it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation. A contingent
      liability also arises where there is a liability that cannot be recognized because it cannot be measured reliably. The Group
      does not recognize a contingent liability but discloses its existence in the financial statements.
      Contingent assets are not recognised in financial statements, unless they are virtually certain. However, contingent assets
      are disclosed where inflow of economic benefits are probable.
      Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets are reviewed at each balance sheet date.
r)    Fair value measurement
      Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
      market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction
      to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
      •     In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
      •     In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
      The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to
      measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.
      •     Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
      •     Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is
            directly or indirectly observable.
      •     Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is
            unobservable.
      For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether
      transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that
      is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.
      For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Group has determined classes of assets and liabilities based on the nature,
      characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy.
t)    Financial instruments
      A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity
      instrument of another entity.
      Initial recognition and measurement
      Financial instruments are initially recognised when the entity becomes party to the contract.
      Financial instruments are measured initially at fair value adjusted for transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
      origination of the financial instrument where financial instruments not classified at fair value through profit or loss. Transaction
      costs of financial instruments which are classified as fair value through profit or loss are expensed in the statement of profit
      and loss.


130   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 133 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


    Subsequent measurement of financial assets
    For the purposes of subsequent measurement, the financial assets are classified in the following categories based on the
    Group’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of cash flows:
    •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value; either through OCI or through profit or loss
    •     those measured at amortised cost
    For assets measured at fair value, changes in fair value will either be recorded in the statement of profit and loss or OCI.
    For investments in debt instruments, this will depend on the business model in which investment is held. For investments in
    equity instruments, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition
    to account for equity investment at fair value through OCI.
    The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.
    Debt instruments at amortised cost
    A ‘debt instrument’ is measured at the amortised cost if both the following conditions are satisfied:
    •     The asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets for collecting contractual cash flows, and
    •     The contractual terms of the asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
          interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding.
    A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at amortised cost and is not part of hedging relationship
    is recognised in the statement of profit and loss when the asset is derecognised or impaired. Interest income from these
    financial assets is included in finance income using effective interest rate (EIR) method.
    Equity investments
    All equity investments in the scope of Ind AS 109 Financial Instruments are measured at fair value. Equity instruments which
    are held for trading are classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity instruments, the Group may make an irrevocable election
    to recognise subsequent changes in the fair value in OCI. The Group makes such election on an instrument-by-instrument
    basis. The classification is made on initial recognition and is irrevocable.
    If the Group decides to classify an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value changes on the instrument, excluding
    dividends, are recognized in OCI. There is no recycling of the amounts from OCI to the statement of profit and loss, even on
    sale of equity instrument.
    Equity instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognised in the
    statement of profit and loss.
    Subsequent measurement of financial liabilities
    For the purposes of subsequent measurement, the financial liabilities are classified in the following categories:
    •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
    •     those measured at amortised cost
    Following financial liabilities will be classified under FVTPL:
    •     Financial liabilities held for trading
    •     Derivative financial liabilities
    •     Liability designated to be measured under FVTPL All other financial liabilities are classified at amortised cost.
    For financial liabilities measured at fair value, changes in fair value will recorded in the statement of profit and loss except
    for the fair value changes on account of own credit risk are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI).
    Interest expense on financial liabilities classified under amortised cost category are measured using effective interest rate
    (EIR) method and are recognised in statement of profit or loss.
    Derecognition of financial instruments
    The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or it
    transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks and rewards of
    ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which the Group neither transfers nor retain substantially all of the risks
    and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset.
    A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an
    existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an
    existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original
    liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement
    of profit or loss.




                                                                                             42nd Annual Report 2024-25        | 131

===== PAGE 134 =====
      Impairment of financial assets
      The Group applies Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of impairment loss on the financial
      assets mentioned below:
      •     Financial assets that are debt instrument and are measured at amortised cost
      •     Financial assets that are debt instruments and are measured as at FVOCI
      •     Trade receivables under Ind AS 18
      The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. Details how
      the Group determines whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk is explained in the respective notes.
      For impairment of trade receivables, the Group chooses to apply practical expedient of providing expected credit loss based
      on provision matrix and does not require the Group to track changes in credit risk. Percentage of ECL under provision matrix
      is determined based on historical data as well as futuristic information.
      Derivative financial instruments
      Initial measurement and subsequent measurement
      The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts to hedge foreign currency risks. Such
      derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into
      and are subsequently re-measured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive
      and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative. Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of
      derivatives are taken directly to profit or loss.
u)    Dividend Distribution
      The Group recognises a liability to make dividend distributions to equity holders of the Group when the distribution is
      authorised and approved by the shareholders. Any interim dividend paid is recognised on approval by Board of Directors.
      Dividend payable and corresponding tax on dividend distribution is recognised directly in equity.
v)    Earnings per share (EPS)
      Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Group by the weighted average
      number of equity shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in equity shares issued during
      the year and excluding treasury shares.
      For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit for the period attributable to equity shareholders
      and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential
      equity shares. In computing diluted earnings per share, only potential equity shares that are dilutive and that either reduces
      earnings per share or increases loss per share are included
w)    Operating Segment
      The Group has determined that the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) is the Board of Directors (BoD). Operating
      segments used to present segment information are identified based on the internal reports used and reviewed by the BOD
      to assess performance and allocate resources.
      An Operating Segment is the level at which discrete financial information is available. Business segments are identified
      considering:
      a)    the nature of products and services
      b)    the differing risks and returns
      c)    the internal organisation and management structure, and
      d)    the internal financial reporting systems.
      Revenue and expenses directly attributable to segments are reported under each reportable segment. Exceptional items
      and other expenses which are not attributable or allocable to segments are disclosed separately. Assets and liabilities that
      are directly attributable or allocable to segments are disclosed under each reportable segment. All other assets and liabilities
      are disclosed as unallocable assets and liabilities.
      The Group is an operating Group, primarily having operations in Extrusion Machinery and Battery Division.The segment
      related disclosure for comparative period.
x)    Significant accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions
      The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with Ind AS, requires the management to make judgments, estimates
      and assumptions that affect the amounts of revenue, expenses, current assets, non-current assets, current liabilities, non-
      current liabilities, disclosure of the contingent liabilities and notes to accounts at the end of each reporting period. Actuals
      may differ from these estimates.




132   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 135 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


     Judgements
     In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management have made the following judgements, which have
     the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:
     Useful life, method and residual value of property, plant and equipments
     Plant and machineries and factory buildings contribute significant portion of the Group's Property, plant and equipment. The
     Group estimates the useful life and residual value of assets. However the actual useful life and residual value may be shorter
     / less or longer / more depending on technical innovations and competitive actions. Further, Group is depreciating its plant
     and machineries and factory buildings by using straight line method based on the management estimate that repairs / wear
     and tear to plant and machineries and factory buildings are consistent over useful life of assets.
     Contingent liability
     The Group has received orders and notices from tax authorities in respect of direct taxes and indirect taxes. Management
     regularly analyses current information about these matters and discloses the information of related contingent liability. In
     making the decision regarding the need for creating loss provision, management considers the degree of probability of an
     unfavourable outcome and the ability to make a sufficiently reliable estimate of the amount of loss. The filing of a suit or
     formal assertion of a claim against the Group or the disclosure of any such suit or assertions, does not automatically indicate
     that a provision of a loss may be appropriate.
     Estimates and assumptions
     The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that have
     a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial
     year, are described below. The Group based its estimates and assumptions on parameters available when the financial
     statements are prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may change due
     to market conditions or circumstances arising that are beyond the control of the. Such Group changes are reflected in the
     assumptions when they occur.
     Estimation of Provisions for Warranty claims and Expenses
     Provision is made for estimated warranty claims in respect of products sold which are still under warranty at the end of the
     reporting period. These claims are expected to be settled as and when warranty claims arise. Management estimates the
     provision based on historical warranty claim information and any recent trends that may suggest future claims could differ
     from historical amounts.
     Defined benefit obligation
     The cost of the defined benefit plans and other post-employment benefits and the present value of the obligations are
     determined using actuarial valuation. An actuarial valuation involves making various assumptions that may differ from actual
     developments in the future. These include the determination of the discount rate, future salary increases, mortality rates and
     future post-retirement medical benefit increase. Due to the complexities involved in the valuation and its long-term nature,
     a defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at each
     reporting date.
     The parameter most subject to change is the discount rate. In determining the appropriate discount rate, management
     considers the interest rates of government bonds in currencies consistent with the currencies of the post-employment benefit
     obligations and extrapolated as needed along the yield curve to correspond with the expected term of the defined benefit
     obligation.
     The mortality rate is based on publicly available mortality tables. Those mortality tables tend to change only at intervals in
     response to demographic changes. Future salary increases are based on the expected future inflation rates for the country.
     Further details about defined benefit obligations are provided in the respective note prepared elsewhere in the financial
     statement.
     Deferred Tax
     Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences including the carry forward of unused tax credits.
     Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the
     deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits can be utilized.
     Estimation and underlying assumptions are reviewed on ongoing basis. Revisions to estimates are recognised prospectively.
y)   Recent accounting pronouncements
     For the year ended March 31, 2025, MCA has notified Ind AS – 117 Insurance Contracts and amendments to Ind AS 116 –
     Leases, relating to sale and leaseback transactions, applicable to the Group w.e.f. April 1, 2024. The Group has reviewed
     the new pronouncements and based on its evaluation has determined that it does not have any impact in its financial
     statements.




                                                                                            42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 133

===== PAGE 136 =====
                                   2A   Property, plant and equipment




134
                                        Changes in the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment
                                        Current reporting period (FY 2024-25)
                                                                                                                                                                                                       (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                         Particulars                                         Land        Building          Land         Plant &       Furniture &    Vehicles         Office       Computer      Total
                                                                                          (Freehold)                    (Leasehold)    Equipment       Fixtures                     Equipments
                                         Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2024              2805.94      5901.35          1321.64      15449.21         1112.28       375.31           327.29       977.10    28,270.11
                                         Additions                                                   -     1,817.57                -      2,660.69          66.00               -          67.62        77.01     4,688.90
                                         Government Incentive (Adjustments)                          -       (90.25)               -     (1,416.22)         (4.01)              -         (0.62)        (2.46)   (1,513.56)
                                         Disposal/retirements/derecognition                          -              -              -         (0.50)              -                        (1.21)        (2.96)       (4.67)
                                         Gross carrying amount as at 31st March 2025         2,805.94      7,628.67         1,321.64     16,693.18        1,174.27       375.31          393.09       1,048.69   31,440.78
                                         Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2024                 -      1556.12            71.27       6629.51         868.82        161.22          252.05        817.82    10,362.85
                                         Depreciation                                                -       182.02            13.91      1,386.58          54.20         40.68            30.32       102.53     1,852.79




| Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited
                                         Disposal/retirements/derecognition                          -              -              -         (0.01)              -                        (1.15)        (2.86)       (4.02)
                                         Accumulated depreciation as at 31st March                   -     1,738.13            85.19      8,016.08         923.02        201.90          281.22        917.49    12,205.59
                                         2024
                                         Carrying amount as at 31 March 2024                 2,805.94      4,345.23         1,250.36      8,819.69         243.46        214.10            75.24       159.28    17,913.29
                                         Carrying amount as at 31st March 2025               2,805.94      5,890.53         1,236.45      8,677.10         251.24        173.42           111.86       131.20    19,277.74
                                        Note:
                                        (i)  Refer note 17 for details of property, plant and equipment pledged as security for borrowings.
                                        (ii)    The Title Deeds of Immovable Properties are held in name of the Company.
                                        (iii)   The Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment as at 31st March 2025
                                        Previous reporting period (FY 2023-24)
                                                                                                                                                                                                       (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                         Particulars                                         Land        Building          Land         Plant &       Furniture &    Vehicles         Office       Computer      Total
                                                                                          (Freehold)                    (Leasehold)    Equipment       Fixtures                     Equipments
                                         Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2023              2805.94      5659.25          1321.64      12680.89         1090.92       350.10           298.78       878.74    25,086.25
                                         Additions                                                   -       242.09                -      2,774.55          21.36         25.22            28.51       100.29     3,192.01
                                         Disposal/retirements/derecognition                          -              -              -         (6.23)              -                             -        (1.93)       (8.16)
                                         Gross carrying amount as at 31st March 2024         2,805.94      5,901.35         1,321.64     15,449.21        1,112.28       375.31          327.29        977.10    28,270.11
                                         Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2023                 -      1397.42            57.36       5683.24         816.11        120.28          227.32        747.73     9,049.69
                                         Depreciation                                                -       158.69            13.91        949.82          52.71         40.94            24.73        71.94     1,318.55
                                         Disposal/retirements/derecognition                          -              -              -         (3.54)              -                             -        (1.84)       (5.39)
                                         Accumulated depreciation as at 31st March 2024              -     1,556.12            71.27      6,629.51         868.82        161.22          252.05        817.82    10,362.85
                                         Carrying amount as at 31 March 2023                 2,805.94      4,261.83         1,264.27      6,997.65         274.81        229.82            71.46       131.01    16,100.46
                                         Carrying amount as at 31st March 2024               2,805.94      4,345.23         1,250.36      8,819.69         243.46        214.10            75.24       159.28    17,913.29

===== PAGE 137 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                    (Amount in ` Lakhs)
2B   Capital work in progress (CWIP)
     Current reporting period (FY 2024-25)
     Particulars                                                                                            Total
     As at 1 April 2024                                                                                       2,432.54
     Additions                                                                                                2,602.01
     Capitalised
     As at 31 March 2025                                                                                       5,034.55

                                                         Amount in CWIP for a period of                        Total
     Particulars                         Less than 1       1-2 years      2-3 years       More than 3
                                            year                                            years
     Current year as at 31 March 2025
     Projects in progress                     2,602.01         2,432.54               -                 -      5,034.55
     Projects temporarily suspended                  -                -               -                 -             -
     Previous reporting period (FY 2023-24)
     Particulars                                                                                            Total
     As at 1 April 2023                                                                                         737.57
     Additions                                                                                                2,285.20
     Capitalised                                                                                                590.23
     As at 31 March 2024                                                                                      2,432.54

                                                         Amount in CWIP for a period of                        Total
     Particulars                         Less than 1       1-2 years      2-3 years       More than 3
                                            year                                            years
     Current year as at 31 March 2024
     Projects in progress                     2,285.20           147.34               -                 -      2,432.54
     Projects temporarily suspended                  -                -               -                 -             -
2C   Intangible assets
     Changes in the carrying amount of other intangible assets (FY 2024-25)
     Particulars                                               Technical           Software                 Total
                                                               Know-How
     Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2024                        2927.25              275.83               3,203.07
     Additions                                                         22.20              578.84                 601.04
     Government Incentive (Adjustments)                             (120.03)               (4.13)              (124.15)
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                    -                    -                     -
     Gross carrying amount as at 31st March 2025                    2,829.42              850.54               3,679.96
     Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2024                     2492.31              210.97               2,703.27
     Depreciation                                                     106.06               64.48                 170.53
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                    -                    -                     -
     Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2025                   2,598.36              275.44               2,873.80
     Carrying amount as at 31 March2024                               434.94               64.86                 499.80
     Carrying amount as at 31st March 2025                            231.06              575.10                 806.15
     Previous Year (FY 2023-24)
     Particulars                                               Technical           Software                 Total
                                                               Know-How
     Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2023                        2927.25              250.26               3,177.51
     Additions                                                             -               25.57                  25.57
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                    -                   -                      -
     Gross carrying amount as at 31st March 2024                    2,927.25              275.83               3,203.07
     Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2023                     2286.56              172.27               2,458.83
     Depreciation                                                     205.74               38.70                 244.44
     Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                    -                   -                      -
     Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2024                   2,492.31              210.97               2,703.27
     Carrying amount as at 31 March2023                               640.69               77.99                 718.68
     Carrying amount as at 31st March 2024                            434.94               64.86                 499.80

                                                                                  42nd Annual Report 2024-25        | 135

===== PAGE 138 =====
                                                                                                    (Amount in ` Lakhs)
2D    Right of Use Assets
      Changes in the carrying amount of ROU Assets (FY 2024-25)
      Particulars                                                                                            Amounts
      Gross carrying amount as at 1 April 2024                                                                        -
      Additions                                                                                                277.61
      Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                                                              -
      Gross carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                                                                277.61
      Accumulated depreciation as at 1 April 2024                                                                     -
      Depreciation                                                                                              46.27
      Disposal/retirements/derecognition                                                                              -
      Accumulated depreciation as at 31 March 2025                                                              46.27
      Carrying amount as at 31 March 2024                                                                             -
      Carrying amount as at 31 March 2025                                                                      231.34

Paritculars                                                   As at 31 March 2025            As at 31 March 2024
                                                            Units (nos.)     Amounts       Units (nos.)     Amounts
 3    Investments (Non-current)
      Category wise instruments
      Category wise instruments
      Investment in Equity Instruments                         2134780        2,617.84        2633180        3,636.44
      Investment in Bonds                                          2610         26.10             2610          26.10
                                                               2137390        2,643.94        2635790        3,662.54
 A    Investment in Subsidiaries, Assosciates and
      Joint Ventures
      Investment in Joint Ventures
      Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt. Ltd. (Equity           699800          34.25          699800           33.19
      shares at face value of ₹ 10)
      Penta Auto Feeding India Ltd. (Equity shares at                                  -       499400          277.16
      face value  of ₹ 10 each) (Upto 5th Feb 2025)
                                                                700800          34.25         1199200          310.35
 B    Investments in other entities
      Investments in equity instruments of other
      entities measured at Fair Value through Other
      Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)
      Quoted investments
      Plastiblends India Ltd. (Equity shares of ₹ 5 each)      1433967        2,583.58        1433967        3,326.09
                                                               1433967        2,583.58        1433967        3,326.09
      Investments in equity instruments of other
      entities measured at cost
      Unquoted investments
      Mohid Park Co-op Hsg. Soc.Ltd (₹ 50 each)*                      5               -*             5               -*
      Royal Twin Co-op Hsg. Soc.Ltd (₹ 50 each)*                      5               -*             5               -*
      Plastic Machinery Mfg. Association of India                     3               -*             3               -*
      (₹ 100 each)*
                                                                  13.00             0.01            13             0.01
      Investment in Debt instruments at cost
      Investment in bonds
      Indian Railway Finance Corp. Tax Free Bond                   2610         26.10         2,610.00          26.10
      (Bonds of ₹ 1000 each)
                                                                   2610         26.10         2,610.00          26.10
      * Denotes amount less than Rs. 50,000/-



136   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 139 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                           (Amount in ` Lakhs)
Paritculars                                                       As at 31 March 2025              As at 31 March 2024
                                                             Units (nos.)        Amounts         Units (nos.)        Amounts
     Aggregate amount of quoted investments and                    1433967        2,583.58          1433967           3,326.09
     market value
     Aggregate amount of unquoted investments                       703423           60.36          1201823            336.46
                                                                   2137390        2,643.94          2635790           3,662.54

                                                                                As at 31 March 2025      As at 31 March 2024
 4   Other Financial asset (Non-current)
     (Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
     Security deposits                                                                         175.80                   123.98
     Bank Deposits with more than 12 months maturity                                            18.72                     9.74
                                                                                               194.52                   133.72
     Notes:
     No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from
     firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member except security deposit
     given to Kolsite Corporation LLP amounting to ₹ 20.35 Lakhs (2024 : ₹ 20.35 lakhs)
                                                                                As at 31 March 2025      As at 31 March 2024
 5   Deferred tax assets / (liabilities)
     Provision for doubtful debts and advances                                                 201.86                    63.87
     Provision for leave encashment                                                             31.84                    31.41
     Provision for gratuity                                                                     19.15                    14.96
     Provision for bonus                                                                        22.97                    20.57
     Excess of depreciation/amortisation on fixed assets under income-tax                    (1093.48)               (1222.57)
     law over depreciation/amortisation provided in accounts
     Fair valuation of non-current investments                                                  72.64                  (35.58)
     Fair valuation of current investments                                                     (27.00)                 (22.84)
     MAT credit entitlement                                                                          -                        -
     Net deferred tax assets / (liabilities)                                                  (772.02)              (1,148.57)
     Refer note no. 42 on Income taxes for further disclosures.
 6   Other non-current assets
     Capital advances
        Considered good                                                                        433.44                   344.69
     Other than capital advance
        Security deposits with revenue authorities                                                6.47                    6.47
                                                                                               439.91                   351.16
     Note:
     No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company,severally or jointly with any other person; or from
     firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member
                                                                                As at 31 March 2025      As at 31 March 2024

 7   Inventories
     Raw materials                                                                           17,962.32              15,672.74
     Work-in-progress                                                                        11,128.95                8,194.43
                                                                                             29,091.27              23,867.17
 8   Current investments
     Mutual Funds                                                                             5,349.26                3,518.14
                                                                                              5,349.26                3,518.14



                                                                                         42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 137

===== PAGE 140 =====
                                                                                                                             (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      Investment in Mutual Funds measured at Fair Value through Profit and Loss
      Quoted investments
      Paritculars                                                         As at 31 March 2025                        As at 31 March 2024
                                                                      Units (nos.)        Amounts              Units (nos.)             Amounts
      Motilal Oswal Most Focused Multicap 35 Fund (R)                       190380           108.62                      190380             91.70
      HSBC Value fund - Direct Growth                                        50448             55.25                      50448             50.89
      Mirae Asset India Opportunity fund - Growth (D)                        40501             47.63                      40501             43.47
      ICICI Prudential Liquid Fund Growth (D)                               317239         1,217.87                      186412           666.25
      Kotak Liquid Fund Direct Plan Growth                                   23868         1,250.55                       13657           666.33
      HDFC Liquid Fund Direct Plan Growth                                    24107         1,227.88                       14043           666.13
      Kotak Equity Arbitrage Fund - Direct Plan Growth                     1235577           486.23                  1235577              449.58
      ICICI Prudential Equity Arbitrage Fund Direct                        1337717           483.56                  1337717              447.93
      Growth
      TATA Arbitrage Fund Direct Plan Growth                               2836320           420.93                  2836320              389.42
      Kotak Flexi cap Fund-Direct Plan-Growth                                58362             50.74                      58362             46.44
      Investment in Equity Instruments                                     6114519         5,349.26                  5963416             3,518.14

      Note:
      The investments are valued on the basis of market value as on the Balance Sheet date.
                                                                                                       As at 31 March             As at 31 March
                                                                                                                 2025                       2024
 9    Trade receivables
      Trade receivables (Unsecured) :
      - Considered good                                                                                      9,091.36                    9,915.13
      - Receivables which have significant increase in credit risk                                             802.06                     249.26
                                                                                                             9,893.42                   10,164.39
      Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                               802.06                     249.26
                                                                                                             9,091.36                    9,915.15
      Trade Receivables ageing as on 31 March 2025
      Particulars                                    Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment                           Total
                                           Not due        Less than       6 months -   1 year to         2 year to        More than
                                                          6 months          1 year      2 year            3 year           3 years
      Undisputed Trade Receivables
      Considered good                       4,263.66        1,430.20           63.36    2,037.30           1,146.22          952.68       9,893.41
      Credit impaired                                 -               -            -               -                 -              -             -
      which have significant increase in              -               -            -               -                 -              -             -
      credit risk
      Disputed Trade Receivables
      considered good                                 -               -            -               -                 -              -             -
      credit impaired                                 -               -            -               -                 -              -             -
      which have significant increase in              -               -            -               -                 -              -             -
      credit risk
      Sub Total                             4,263.66        1,430.20           63.36    2,037.30           1,146.22          952.68       9,893.41
      Less: Provision for Doubtful Debts              -               -         8.59      292.26            273.75           227.46        802.06
      Total                                 4,263.66        1,430.20           54.77    1,745.04            872.47           725.22       9,091.36




138   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 141 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                               (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      Trade Receivables ageing as on 31 March 2024
      Particulars                                    Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment                          Total
                                           Not due        Less than       6 months -   1 year to        2 year to           More than
                                                          6 months          1 year      2 year           3 year              3 years
      Undisputed Trade Receivables
      Considered good                       4,263.66        1,464.20        1,956.56    2,026.52           207.77              245.70   10,164.41
      Credit impaired                              -               -               -           -                -                   -           -
      which have significant increase in           -               -               -           -                -                   -           -
      credit risk
      Disputed Trade Receivables
         considered good                              -               -            -               -                -               -            -
         credit impaired                              -               -            -               -                -               -            -
         which have significant increase              -               -            -               -                -               -            -
         in credit risk
      Sub Total                             4,263.66        1,464.20        1,956.56    2,026.52           207.77              245.70   10,164.39
      Less: Provision for Doubtful Debts           -               -            9.79      119.92            21.21               98.34      249.26
      Total                                 4,263.66        1,464.20        1,946.77    1,906.60           186.56              147.36    9,915.15
      Note:
      As at March 31, 2025, the Company has outstanding trade receivables amounting to ₹3,039 lakhs from Hero Electric Vehicle
      Pvt. Ltd. (HEVPL). Pursuant to an order dated December 20,2024, the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT)
      has admitted an application to initiate corporate insolvency resolution process (CIRP) against HEVPL under the Insolvency
      and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. In view of the initiation of insolvency proceedings and pending recoveries, the Company has
      recognized a provision for doubtful debts pertaining to receivables from HEVPL using the Expected Credit Loss Model as
      per Ind AS 109.
                                                                                         As at 31 March 2025                 As at 31 March 2024
 10   Cash and cash equivalents
      Cash on hand                                                                                             4.60                          3.14
      Balances with banks
      on current accounts                                                                                   236.63                        644.82
                                                                                                            241.23                        647.96
10A Other Balances with Banks
          Unclaimed dividend accounts                                                                        35.12                         32.68
       Margin Money and Security Deposits                                                                   521.02                      3,786.53
       (Having maturrity more than 3 months but less than 12 Months )
                                                                                                            556.14                      3,819.21
 11   Loans
      (Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
      - Loan to employees                                                                                    75.01                         42.66
                                                                                                             75.01                         42.66
      Note:
      No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from
      firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member.
                                                                                As at 31 March 2025 As at 31 March 2024
 12   Other current financial assets
      (Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
      Derivative assets
      Derivative assets measured at Fair Value through Profit and Loss                                                  -                    5.79
      Other than derivative assets
         Export incentive receivable                                                                         18.76                         40.64
         Interest receivables                                                                                22.11                         96.19
         Other receivables                                                                                       -                          9.57
         Bank Deposits (with less than 12 months maturity)                                                  257.71                        430.99
         Security deposits                                                                                    6.75                         11.38
                                                                                                            305.32                        594.56
      Note:
      No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from
      firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member.
                                                                                                       42nd Annual Report 2024-25           | 139

===== PAGE 142 =====
                                                                                  As at 31 March 2025       As at 31 March 2024
 13   Other current assets
      (Unsecured, considered good unless otherwise stated)
      Advance to vendors                                                                         1,363.69               1,394.25
      Balances with Government Authorities                                                       3,599.54               2,450.20
      License in hand                                                                              18.24                    9.66
      Advance for expenses                                                                         10.07                   13.61
      Prepaid expense                                                                             194.80                  169.12
      Others                                                                                       40.24                    8.96
      Gratuity (Refer note 37.1)                                                                   60.99                   85.58
                                                                                                 5,287.57               4,131.37
      Note:
      No amount is due from any of the directors or officers of the Company, severally or jointly with any other person; or from
      firms where such director is a partner or from private companies where such director is a member.
                                                                                  As at 31 March 2025       As at 31 March 2024
 14   Equity Share capital
      Authorised:
      4,00,00,000 (Previous year 4,00,00,000) equity shares of ₹ 5 each fully                    2,000.00               2,000.00
      paid up
                                                                                                 2,000.00               2,000.00
      Issued, subscribed and fully paid up:
      3,49,72,836 (Previous year 3,35,91,106) equity shares of ₹ 5 each fully                    1,748.64               1,748.64
      paid up
                                                                                                 1,748.64               1,748.64

14.1 Reconciliation of the number of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year:
      Paritculars                                                  As at 31 March 2025                As at 31 March 2024
                                                                 Number of        (`) in lakhs       Number of       (`) in lakhs
                                                                   shares                              shares
      Equity shares
      At the beginning of the year                                34972836           1,748.64         33591106          1,679.56
      Addition during the year*                                             -                -         1381730             69.09
      Outstanding at the end of the year                          34972836           1,748.64         34972836          1,748.64

      * The Company has issued 1,381,730 shares of ₹ 5 Each at the premium of ₹ 324 each
14.2 The Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of ₹ 5 per share. Each shareholder is eligible for one
     vote per share held. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the
     Company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding. The dividend proposed by the
     Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, except in case of
     interim dividend.
14.3 Number of equity shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares in the Company are as follows:
      Name of the shareholders                                   Number of              % of      Number of                % of
                                                              shares as at       shares held   shares as at         shares held
                                                             31 March 2025                    31 March 2024
      Anand Kabra                                                  6364055              18.20       6364055                18.20
      Kolsite Corporation LLP                                       3828888             10.95          3828888             10.95
      Shreevallabh G. Kabra                                         1249270              3.57          2748455              7.86
      Kolsite Industries                                            2251826              6.44          2251826              6.44
      Shreevallabh Kabra Family Trust                               1799185              5.14           300000              0.86
      Ekta Anand Kabra                                              3157966              9.03          3157966              9.03




140   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 143 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                     (Amount in ` Lakhs)
14.4 Shares held by promoters
      Promoter name                                 As on 31 March 2025                 As on 31 March 2024
                                                  No. of   %of total    Change        No. of   %of total    Change
                                                 Shares      shares   during the     Shares      shares   during the
                                                                            year                                year
      Anand S. Kabra                            6364055      18.20%       0.00%     6364055      18.20%     (0.75%)
      Shreevallabh G. Kabra                     1249270       3.57%      (4.29%)    2748455        7.86%         (1.81%)
      Ekta A. Kabra                             3157966       9.03%       0.00%     3157966        9.03%          0.22%
      Veenadevi S. Kabra                            1000      0.00%       0.00%        1000        0.00%         (1.16%)
      Saritadevi S. Kabra                           2000      0.01%       0.00%        2000        0.01%          0.00%
      Satyanarayan G. Kabra                         2000      0.01%       0.00%        2000        0.01%          0.00%
      Varun S. Kabra                                2000      0.01%       0.00%        2000        0.01%          0.00%
      Shaurya A. Kabra                           175861       0.50%       0.00%      175861        0.50%          0.21%
      Khushi A. Kabra                            175861       0.50%       0.00%      175861        0.50%          0.21%
      Kolsite Industries                        2251826       6.44%       0.00%     2251826        6.44%          1.75%
      Kolsite Corporation LLP                   3828888       10.95%      0.00%     3828888        10.95%        (0.45%)
      Plastiblends India Limited                 827372       2.37%       0.00%      827372        2.37%         (0.10%)
      Veenadevi Kabra Family Trust              1229194       3.51%       0.00%     1229194        3.51%          1.01%
      Shreevallabh Kabra Family Trust           1799185       5.14%       4.29%      300000        0.86%          0.86%
      Total                                   21066478        60.24%      0.00%    21066478        60.24%         0.01%

                                                                             As at 31 March 2025   As at 31 March 2024
 15   Other equity
      Share Premium & Warrant proceeds
      Opening balance                                                                  10,542.61              7,202.27
      Add: Issue of shares & warrants during the year                                          -              3,340.34
      Closing Balance                                                                  10,542.61             10,542.61
      General Reserve
      Opening balance                                                                   5,476.10              5,476.10
      Add : Transferred from Profit and Loss Account                                           -                       -
      Closing Balance                                                                   5,476.10              5,476.10
      Retained Earnings
      Opening balance                                                                  24,341.13             21,909.04
      Profit for the year                                                               3,165.75              3,157.37
      Gain on Equity Instruments which was classified under FVTOCI                             -                 319.60
      transferred
      Transfer to OCI Reserve                                                                  -                 (93.63)
      Share in profit/(loss) of joint ventures / associates                             (226.16)                 224.44
      Dividend paid - For FY 2023-24 ₹ 3.50 per share                                 (1,224.05)             (1,175.69)
      (For FY 2022-23: ₹ 3.50 per share)
      Balance carried forward                                                          26,056.66             24,341.13
      Other comprehensive income
      Opening balance                                                                   3,079.31              2,082.27
      Impact of OCI Reserve related to prior period                                            -                       -
      Other comprehensive income for the year                                           (665.18)                 903.40
      Transfer from Retained Earnings                                                                             93.63
      Balance carried forward                                                           2,414.14              3,079.31
                                                                                       44,489.51             43,439.14




                                                                                    42nd Annual Report 2024-25     | 141

===== PAGE 144 =====
                                                                                                               (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      Notes : Purpose and use of each Reserve
      1      Securities Premium Reserve
             According to Section 52 of the Act, Securities premium can be used for the following purposes
             •     For the issue of fully paid bonus share capital
             •     For meeting the preliminary expenses incurred by the company
             •     For meeting the expenses, commision or discount incurred concerning securities previously issued by the
                   company
             •     For ensuring the availiablity of the premium for the redemption of redeemable debentures or preference share
                   capital of the company
             •     For funding a scheme of buy-back of securities which is conducted in compliance with the provisions of section
                   68 of the company Act
      2      General Reserve
             General reserve is referred to as the reserve fund that is created by keeping aside a part of profit earned by the
             business during the course of an accounting period for fulfilling various business needs like meeting contingencies,
             offsetting future losses enhancing the working capital, paying dividends to the shareholders etc
      3      Retained Earnings
             Retained earnings are the portion of a company's cumulative profit that is held or retained and saved for future use
             Retained earnings could be used for funding an expansion or paying dividends to shareholders at a later date.
                                                                                  As at 31 March 2025        As at 31 March 2024
 16    Provisions
       Provision for employee benefits
            Compensated Absences                                                                 102.02                   104.43
            Other employee Benefits (refer note i)                                                19.30                    19.30
                                                                                                 121.32                   123.74
      Notes:
      i.     The Provision of Employee Benefits includes Long Term Service Reward
      ii.    Movement in warranties provision

       Particulars                                                                  For the year ended       For the year ended
                                                                                      31 March 2025            31 March 2024
       Opening balance                                                                             1,340                    1,652
       Additions during the year                                                                     360                     784
       Amount utilised                                                                               538                    1,096
       Closing Balance                                                                             1,163                    1,340
      The provision for warranty claims represents the present value as best estimate of the future economic outflows that will be
      required under the Company’s obligations for warranties.The estimate has been made on the basis of historical warranty
      trends and may vary as a result of new materials, altered manufacturing processes or other events affecting product quality.
16(a) Other Non current liabilities
                                                                                  As at 31 March 2025        As at 31 March 2024
       Other dues                                                                                848.87                           -
       Provision for Long term Warranty*                                                         541.03                   669.33
                                                                                               1,389.90                   669.33
      Notes:
      1.     The other dues pertain to the "Manufacturing and Other Operations in Warehouse Regulations" (MOOWR) scheme.
             Under this scheme, the Basic Customs Duty and IGST on the import of the plant & Machinery are deferred until the
             goods are cleared for home consumption.
      2.     *As at March 31, 2025, the Company has outstanding trade receivables amounting to ₹3,039 lakhs from Hero Electric
             Vehicle Pvt. Ltd. (HEVPL). Pursuant to an order dated December 20,2024, the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal
             (NCLT) has admitted an application to initiate corporate insolvency resolution process (CIRP) against HEVPL under
             the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. In view of the initiation of insolvency proceedings provision for warranty
             pertaining to such sales have been reversed.

142   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 145 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                       (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                          As at 31 March 2025        As at 31 March 2024
 17    Borrowings
       Long term borrowing
       - From banks
           Secured (refer note (iii) below)                                                                 562.49              1,107.39
           Unsecured                                                                                             -                     -
                                                                                                            562.49              1,107.39
               Less - Current maturity of long term borrowing                                               545.60                544.90
                                                                                                             16.89                562.49
       Loans repayable on demand
          Secured                                                                                      12,016.15                4,449.39
          Unsecured                                                                                            -                3,000.00
                                                                                                       12,016.15                7,449.39
               Add - Current maturity of long term borrowing                                              545.60                  544.90
                                                                                                       12,561.75                7,994.29
       Notes:
       (i)       Working Capital loans are secured by hypothecation of Company's all present and future movable assets and book
                 debts. The fund based limits are payable on demand basis.
       (ii)      Term loan of ₹ 5.35 crores (2024: ₹ 10.71 crores) is secured by first Charge by way of mortgage on immovable fixed
                 Assets (Industrial Land & Building) at Pune, Maharashtra and First Charge by way of Hypothecation of movable
                 fixed assets at Pune, Maharashtra. There was no default continuing or otherwise as at the Balance Sheet date, in
                 repayment of any of the above borrowings, term loan will be fully repaid by Jan 26..
       (iii)     The company has used the borrowed funds for the specific purpose for which it was taken on the Balance Sheet date.
       (iv)      The quarterly returns or statements of current assets, filed by the Company with banks or financial institutions are in
                 agreement with the Books of Accounts of the Company.

                                                                                          As at 31 March 2025        As at 31 March 2024
17(a) Lease Liabilities
       Total Lease Liabilities                                                                              243.08                      -
       Transfer to Current Libilities                                                                        87.34                      -
       Non Current Liabilities
       Lease Liabilities                                                                                    155.74                      -
                                                                                                            243.08                      -

                                                                                          As at 31 March 2025        As at 31 March 2024
 18    Trade payables
       Total outstanding due of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises                                       309.88                  305.15
       Total outstanding due of other than Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises                          7,159.74                7,807.68
                                                                                                        7,469.62                8,112.84
      Notes:
      (i)       Refer note no 39 for Trade payables to related parties.
      (ii)      Ageing of Trade payables.
      Current year as at 31 March 2025

       Particulars                                  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
                                                     Less than 1          1-2 years        2-3 years         More than 3        Total
                                                        year                                                   years
       (i)       MSME Undisputed                            309.88                    -                 -                  -      309.88
       (ii)  	 Others Undisputed                          6,783.69            228.80                    -                  -    7,012.49
       (iii) 	 Disputed dues – MSME                                -                  -                 -                  -            -
       (iv) 	 Disputed dues – Others                               -                  -          31.47               115.77       147.24
       Total                                              7,093.57            228.80             31.47               115.77     7,469.62


                                                                                                 42nd Annual Report 2024-25         | 143

===== PAGE 146 =====
                                                                                                                 (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      Previous year as at 31 March 2024

      Particulars                             Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment                  Total
                                               Less than 1       1-2 years          2-3 years      More than 3
                                                  year                                               years
      (i)   MSME Undisputed                           305.15                -                 -                    -        305.15
      (ii)  	 Others Undisputed                     7,649.76            44.09                 -                    -      7,693.85
      (iii) 	 Disputed dues – MSME                         -                -                 -                    -             -
      (iv) 	 Disputed dues – Others                        -                -             23.02                90.82        113.84
       Total                                        7,954.91            44.09             23.02                90.82      8,112.84
      Disclosure in respect of the amounts payable to Micro and Small enterprises, as defined under Micro, Small and Medium
      Enterprises Development Act, 2006 has been made in the financial statements based on information received and available
      with the Company.

      Particulars                                                                  As at 31 March 2025 As at 31 March 2024
      The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any                   309.88                    305.15
      supplier as at the end of each accounting period;
      The amount of interest paid by the buyer as per the Micro Small and                                  -                      -
      Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (MSMED Act, 2006)
      The amount of the payments made to micro and small suppliers beyond                                  -                      -
      the appointed day during each accounting year
      The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making                             -                      -
      payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the
      year) but without adding the interest specified under MSMED Act, 2006
      The amount of interest accrued for unpaid principal at the end of each                           -                          -
      accounting year
      The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the                             -                          -
      succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues as above are
      actually paid to the small enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a
      deductible expenditure under the MSMED Act, 2006

                                                                                   As at 31 March 2025         As at 31 March 2024
 19   Other financial liabilities
      Derivative liabilities
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                         5.67                          -
      Other than derivative liability:
         Unclaimed dividend                                                                        35.12                     32.68
          Other payable                                                                            16.10                     23.88
          Expense payable                                                                         933.22                  1,374.27
                                                                                                  990.11                  1,430.82
      Notes:
      During the year, the company has transferred the amount of Unclaimed dividend amounted to Rs. 4.02 Lakhs pertaining to
      FY 2016-17 to Investor Education and Protection Fund.
                                                                               As at 31 March 2025 As at 31 March 2024
 20   Other current liabilities
      Advances from customers                                                             7,323.46                 5,494.80
      Statutory remittances (contributions to provident fund, employee state                      188.71                     46.60
      insurance, professional tax, withholding taxes, goods and service tax
      etc.)
      Security Deposits                                                                            17.55                       0.40
      GST Payable                                                                                   6.51                       3.87
      Salary Payable                                                                              590.34                          -
                                                                                                8,126.56                  5,545.67




144   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 147 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                            (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                                 As at 31 March 2025      As at 31 March 2024
 21   Provisions
      Provision for employee benefits
         Compensated Absences                                                                    45.29                    37.71
      Other provisions
         Others                                                                                      -                        -
         Provision for warranty                                                                 621.69                   671.15
                                                                                                666.98                   708.85

                                                                                  For the Year Ended       For the Year Ended
                                                                                       31 March 2025            31 March 2024
 22   Revenue from operations
      Sale of products                                                                       46,935.32               59,889.30
      Sale Of Services                                                                          250.08                   261.33
      Other Operating Revenues                                                                  499.35                   626.79
                                                                                             47,684.75               60,777.42
      Note :
      Other operating revenue includes export incentive amounting to ₹ 85.49 lakhs (Previous year : ₹ 97.37 Lakhs)
                                                                                  For the Year Ended       For the Year Ended
                                                                                       31 March 2025            31 March 2024
 23   Other income
      Income from Current Investments
      Interest income from Financial Assets                                                     105.08                   360.93
      Dividend income from Equity Instruments designated at FVTOCI                               60.94                    62.25
      Profit on sale of investments measured at FVTPL                                           233.29                    54.16
      Mark to Market investments measured at FVTPL                                              188.78                   196.07
      Government Incentive (refer note below)                                                    70.00                         -
      Foreign Exchange Gain                                                                       7.35                         -
      Provisions written back                                                                   610.09                         -
      Profit on sale of Property, Plant & Equipment                                                   -                    4.00
      Fair value changes in derivative instruments                                                    -                   10.66
      Others                                                                                     22.91                         -
                                                                                              1,298.45                   688.07
      Note:
      The Company has received an incentive under "Modified Special Incentive Package" Scheme amounting to ₹ 17.07 crores
      during the year, out of which ₹ 16.37 crores have been adjusted against the carrying value of eligible Property, Plant and
      Equipment and Intangible Assets using Capital Approach and ₹ 0.70 crores are being recognised as income in the Profit
      and Loss Account.
                                                                                 For the Year Ended         For the Year Ended
                                                                                       31 March 2025             31 March 2024
 24   Cost of materials consumed
      Inventory of materials at the beginning of the year                                   15,672.74                 14,599.87
      Add : Purchases during the year                                                        34,341.32               45,317.66
      Inventory of materials at the end of the year                                        (17,962.32)              (15,672.74)
                                                                                             32,051.74               44,244.78
 25   Changes in inventories (WIP & FG)
      Inventories at the beginning of the year                                                 8211.36                 6346.34
      Inventories at the end of the year                                                      11145.88                 8211.36
                                                                                             (2,934.52)              (1,865.02)




                                                                                          42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 145

===== PAGE 148 =====
                                                                                            (Amount in ` Lakhs)
                                                                      For the Year Ended   For the Year Ended
                                                                           31 March 2025        31 March 2024
 26   Employee benefits expenses
      Salaries, wages and incentives                                            5,615.49             5,171.35
      Contribution to provident fund (Refer note 37(1))                          279.07                240.86
      Staff welfare expenses                                                     165.87                127.35
                                                                                6,060.43             5,539.56
 27   Finance costs
      Interest expenses                                                          914.04                756.27
      Bill discounting & factoring charges                                       184.89                147.74
      Other borrowing costs                                                        18.38                74.29
                                                                                1,117.31               978.30
 28   Depreciation and amortisation expenses
      Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (owned assets)              1,838.88             1,304.64
      Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (leased assets)                13.91                13.91
      Depreciation on Right of Use assets                                          46.27                     -
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                          170.53                244.44
                                                                                2,069.59             1,562.99
 29   Other expenses
      Rates and taxes                                                              21.75                24.15
      Rent                                                                       120.63                111.21
      Insurance                                                                    97.28               110.96
      Commission on sales                                                        742.75                591.63
      Power and fuel                                                             360.12                316.43
      Repairs and maintenance
         Building                                                                  26.37                51.77
         Plant & Equipment                                                       169.92                143.20
      Travelling expenses                                                        769.88                585.76
      Packing Charges                                                            281.36                326.98
      Frieght expenses                                                           265.76                347.75
      Research and development expenses                                         1,983.40             1,620.77
      Sales Promotion expenses                                                   174.21                347.58
      Legal and Professional charges                                             378.77                214.95
      Payment to Auditor (Refer note 31)                                           12.08                  8.48
      Contributions towards CSR (Refer note 30)                                    99.95                86.28
      Foreign exchange losses                                                          -                33.48
      Office Expenses                                                            173.14                103.60
      Factory Expenses                                                           274.32                249.11
      Warranty expenses                                                          360.13                784.17
      Provision for doubtful debts (net)                                         552.80                 99.06
      Miscellaneous expenses                                                     676.24                636.98
                                                                                7,540.87             6,794.29




146   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 149 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
30     Expenditure in respect of Corporate Social Responsibility :
       The Company has contributed ₹ 99.95 Lakhs (31 March 2024 : ₹ 86.28 Lakhs) towards Corporate Social Responsibility
       (CSR), which is shown in “Other Expenses” [Note No.29 ] to the Notes to Financial Statements.

Sr.                                         Description                                          For the year        For the year
No.                                                                                                    ended               ended
                                                                                               31 March 2025       31 March 2024
 (a) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year                                   93.03                86.28
 (b) Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any [out of surplus of                        -                    -
     previous financial years].
 (c) Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or activities of the                             -                    -
     previous financial years (net of set off)
 (d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year                                                        93.03                86.28
 (e) Amount of expenditure incurred during the year                                                     99.94                81.95
 (f)   Shortfall/(Surplus) at the end of the year                                                      (6.91)                 4.33
       Less: Amount remained unutilised                                                                     -                    -
 (g) Net Shortfall / (Surplus) at the end of the year                                                  (6.91)                 4.33
 (h) Reason for shortfall (refer note below)                                                                           Pertains to
                                                                                                                  ongoing projects
 (i)   Nature of CSR activities:
       (i)      Ensuring environmental sustainability, ecological balance, protection                    9.50                 5.00
                of flora and fauna, animal welfare, agroforestry, conservation of natural
                resources and maintaining quality of soil, air and water.
       (ii)     Promoting education including special education                                         77.44                66.28

       (iii)    Eradicating hunger, poverty and malnutrition (promoting health care,                    13.00                15.00
                including preventive health care and sanitation)
 (j)   Details of related party transactions, e.g. contribution to a trust controlled by the                -                    -
       Company in relation to CSR expenditure as per relevant Accounting Standard.
 (k) Whereas provision is made with respect to a liability incurred by entering into a                      -                    -
     contractual obligation, the movements in the provision during the year shall be
     shown separately.
 (l)   Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years                                        6.91                    -
       Note :
       Amount of short fall has been deposited into a separate bank account as prescribed under act and same has been utilized
       during the current year.
31     Auditor's Remuneration
       Particulars                                                                               For the Year        For the Year
                                                                                                       Ended               Ended
                                                                                               31 March 2025       31 March 2024
        -       As auditor
                Audit Fees                                                                               5.00                 4.78
                Limited Review                                                                           5.00
                Tax Audit Fees                                                                           0.50                 1.50
        -       In other capacity
                Certification and other services                                                         0.50                 2.20
       Reimbursement expenses                                                                            1.00
                                                                                                        12.00                 8.48


                                                                                               42nd Annual Report 2024-25    | 147

===== PAGE 150 =====
                                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
32    Exceptional Items
      Particulars                                                                               For the Year           For the Year
                                                                                                      Ended                  Ended
                                                                                              31 March 2025          31 March 2024
      Profit on sale of investment in Joint Venture                                                   848.98                      -
      Total		                                                                                         848.98                       -
      During the current year, the Company has sold its investment in  Penta Auto Feeding India Limited (Joint venture). Accordingly,
      Penta Auto Feeding India Limited ceased to be a Joint Venture of the Company from the effective date February 06,
      2025. The resultant gain of ₹ 8.49 crores has been classified and presented as an exceptional item in accordance with Ind
      AS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements”.
33    Basic and diluted earnings per share
      Particulars                                                                               For the Year           For the Year
                                                                                                      Ended                  Ended
                                                                                              31 March 2025          31 March 2024
      Nominal value per equity share (in ₹)                                                             5.00                   5.00
      Profit for the year                                                                            3,220.21              3,381.70
      Weighted average number of equity shares (Basic)#                                               349.73                 344.90
      Weighted average number of equity shares (Diluted)*                                             349.73                 349.73
      Earnings per share - Basic (in ₹)                                                                  9.21                  9.80
      Earnings per share - Diluted (in ₹)                                                                9.21                  9.67
      Notes:
      # Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company by the
      weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
      *Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders by the weighted average number
      of equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of equity shares that would be issued on
      conversion of all the dilutive potential equity shares into equity shares.
34    Financial Instruments
34.1 Financial Instruments by category
      The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as on 31 March 2025 are as follows:
      Particulars                                                Amortised           FVTPL            FVTOCI         Total carrying
                                                                   cost                                                  value
      Financial Assets
      Investments in equity instruments (non-current)                    34.25                  -        2,583.58          2,617.83
      Investments in debt instruments (non-current)                      26.10                  -                -            26.10
      Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)                        -        5,349.26                  -         5,349.26
      Trade receivables                                               9,091.36                  -                -         9,091.36
      Cash and cash equivalents                                        241.23                   -                -           241.23
      Other balances with banks                                        556.14                   -                -           556.14
      Loans                                                              75.01                  -                -            75.01
      Other financial assets                                           499.85                   -                            499.85
      Total Assets                                                  10,523.95          5,349.26          2,583.58        18,456.79
      Financial Liabilities
      Borrowings                                                    12,578.64                   -                -       12,578.64
      Trade payables - MSME                                            309.88                   -                -           309.88
      Trade payables - Other                                          7,159.74                  -                -         7,159.74
      Other financial liabilities                                      984.43               5.67                 -           990.11
      Total Liabilities                                             21,032.69               5.67                 -       21,038.37




148   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 151 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
     The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as on 31 March 2024 are as follows:
     Particulars                                                  Amortised         FVTPL            FVTOCI          Total carrying
                                                                    cost                                                 value
     Financial Assets
     Investments in equity instruments (non-current)                   310.35                  -         3,326.09          3,636.44
     Investments in debt instruments (non-current)                      26.10                  -                 -            26.10
     Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)                         -        3,518.14                  -         3,518.14
     Trade receivables                                               9,915.15                  -                 -         9,915.15
     Cash and cash equivalents                                         647.96                  -                 -           647.96
     Other balances with banks                                       3,819.21                  -                 -         3,819.21
     Loans                                                              42.66                  -                 -            42.66
     Other financial assets                                            728.28               5.79                 -           734.07
     Total Assets                                                   15,489.70          3,523.93          3,326.09        22,339.71
     Financial Liabilities
     Borrowings                                                      8,556.78                  -                 -         8,556.78
     Trade payables - MSME                                             305.15                                                305.15

     Trade payables - Other                                          7,807.68                  -                 -         7,807.68
     Other financial liabilities                                     1,430.82                  -                 -         1,430.82
     Total Liabilities                                              18,100.44                  -                 -       18,100.44

34.2 Fair value hierarchy
     Financial assets and liabilities include cash and cash equivalents, other balances with banks, trade receivables, loans, other
     financial assets, trade payables and other financial liabilities whose fair values approximate their carrying amounts largely
     due to the short term nature of such assets and liabilities.
     Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value in the statement of financial position are grouped into
     three Levels of a fair value hierarchy. The three levels are defined based on the observability of significant inputs to the
     measurement, as follows:
     Level 1: Hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical
     assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date.
     Level 2: Hierarchy includes the fair value of financial instruments measured using quoted prices for identical or similar assets
     in markets that are not active.
     Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
     Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2025.
     Particulars                                                    As at                Fair value measurement as at
                                                                31 March 2025
                                                                                        Level 1           Level 2           Level 3
     Financial Assets
     Investment in equity instruments of Plastiblends                2,583.58          2,583.58                  -                 -
     India Ltd
     Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)                5,349.26          5,349.26                  -                 -
     Investment in other instruments                                    60.35                  -                 -            60.35
     Derivative Assets                                                        -                -                 -                 -
     Total of financial assets                                       7,993.20          7,932.84                  -            60.35
     Financial Liabilities
     Derivative liability                                                     -             5.67                 -                 -
     Total of financial liabilities                                           -             5.67                 -                 -


                                                                                             42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 149

===== PAGE 152 =====
                                                                                                                   (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      Quantitative disclosures fair value measurement hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2024.
      Particulars                                                   As at                   Fair value measurement as at
                                                                31 March 2024          Level 1           Level 2                Level 3
      Financial assets
      Investment in equity instruments of Plastiblends                  3,326.09          3,326.09                   -                 -
      India Ltd
      Investments in Mutual funds and others (Current)                  3,518.14          3,518.14                   -                 -
      Investment in other instruments                                     336.45                  -                  -          336.45
      Derivative Assets                                                         -                 -                  -                 -
      Total of financial assets                                         7,180.68          6,844.23                   -          336.45
      Financial Liabilities
      Derivative liability                                                      -              5.79                  -                 -
      Total of financial liabilities                                            -              5.79                  -                 -
      Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost :
      The management believes that the fair values of non-current financial assets (e.g. loans and others), current financial assets
      (e.g., cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, loans and others excluding other derivative assets) and current financial
      liabilities (e.g. trade payables and other payables excluding derivative liabilities) approximate their carrying amounts.
      the Group has not performed fair valuation of its investment in unquoted equity shares as mentioned in note no. 3 which are
      classified as FVTOCI, as the Group believes that impact of change on account of fair value is insignificant.
34.3 Financial risk management
      the Group's activities exposes it to market risks, credit risks and liquidity risks. In order to minimise any adverse effets on the
      financial performance of the Group , derivative financial instruments such as forward foreign exchange contract are entered
      to hedge the foreign currency risk exposures. Derivatives are used exclusively for hedging purposes and not as a trading or
      speculative purposes.
      The Group has exposure to the following risks arising from financial instruments :
      a.    Credit risk
            Credit risk is the risk of financial losses to the Group if a customer or counterparty to financial instruments fails to
            discharge its contractual obligations. It arises primarily from the Group's receivables from customers. To manage this,
            the Group periodically assesses the key accounts receivable balances. As per Ind-AS 109 : Financial Instruments, the
            Group uses expected credit loss model to assess the impairment loss or gain.
            The carrying amount of trade and other receivables and other financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure.
            i.    Trade receivables
                  The management has established accounts receivable policy under which customer accounts are regularly
                  monitored. the Group has a dedicated sales team which is responsible for collecting dues from the customer
                  within stipulated period. The management reviews status of critical accounts on a regular basis.
                  An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on consolidated basis for similar category of customer.
                  The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of financial assets.
                  The Group evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low, as its customers are
                  located in several jurisdictions and operate in largely independent markets.
                  Trade receivables that were not impaired
                   Particulars                                                                         As at 31               As at 31
                                                                                                      March 2025           March 2024
                   Less Then 180 days                                                                       5,693.86          5,727.86
                   More than 180 days                                                                       3,397.50          4,187.29
            ii.   Financial instruments and Cash deposits
                  Credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by the Group’s treasury department in
                  accordance with Company’s policy. Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved counterparties and
                  within credit limits assigned to each counterparty. Company monitors rating, credit spreads and financial strength
                  of its counter parties. Based on ongoing assessment Company adjust it's exposure to various counterparties.
      b.    Liquidity risk


150   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 153 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                   (Amount in ` Lakhs)
          Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial
          liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. the Group’s approach to managing liquidity is to
          ensure, as far as possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are due, under both normal
          and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation.
          The Group has a view of maintaining liquidity and to take minimum possible risk while making investments. In order
          to maintain liquidity, the Group invests its excess funds in short term liquid assets like liquid mutual funds. the Group
          monitors its cash and bank balances periodically in view of its short term obligations associated with its financial
          liabilities.
          The liquidity position at each reporting date is given below:
           Particulars                                                                                 As at 31               As at 31
                                                                                                      March 2025           March 2024
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        241.23               647.96
           Other balances with banks                                                                          813.85            4,250.20
           Investments in Mutual funds and others                                                            5,349.26           3,518.14
           Total                                                                                             6,404.34           8,416.30
          The following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities as on 31 March 2025.

           Particulars                                          Repayable on           Less than         More than                 Total
                                                                    demand                1 year            1 year
           Borrowings                                                12,016.15             545.60              16.89           12,578.64
           Trade payables                                                       -        7,093.57             376.05            7,469.62
           Other financial liabilities                                          -          990.11                   -            990.11
          The following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities as on 31 March 2024.

           Particulars                                          Repayable on           Less than         More than                 Total
                                                                    demand                1 year            1 year
           Borrowings                                                 7,449.39             544.90             562.49            8,556.78
           Trade payables                                                       -         7954.91             157.93            8,112.84
           Other financial liabilities                                          -        1,430.82                   -           1,430.82
c.   Market risk
     Market risk is a risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in
     market prices. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable
     parameters, while optimizing the return. Market risk comprises three types of risk interest rate risk, currency risk and
     other price risk such as equity price risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include borrowings, trade and other
     payables, foreign exchange forward contracts, security deposit, trade and other receivables, deposits with banks.
     i.   Foreign currency risk
          Foreign currency risk is the risk that fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of
          changes in foreign exchange rate. Company transacts business in its functional currency (INR) and in other foreign
          currencies. the Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to the Group’s
          operating activities, where revenue or expense is denominated in a foreign currency. the Group manages its foreign
          currency risk by hedging foreign currency payables using foreign currency forward contracts or foreign currency
          options, principal only swaps etc. the Group negotiates the terms of those foreign currency forward contracts to match
          the terms of the hedged exposure.
          Exposure to Currency Risk
          The foreign currency risk from monetary assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2025 is as follows:
                                                                                                                     (Amount in Lakhs)
           Particulars                     USD Equivalent ₹             CNH Equivalent ₹            EURO Equivalent ₹            Total ₹
           Trade receivables              10.60          905.93             -                -        0.02              2.31     908.24
           Trade payables                 16.24        1,387.00         0.03             0.41         0.89          82.26       1,469.66
           Net assets/(liabilities)       (5.63)        (481.07)       (0.03)          (0.41)       (0.86)         (79.95)      (561.42)




                                                                                                 42nd Annual Report 2024-25        | 151

===== PAGE 154 =====
                                                                                                                     (Amount in ` Lakhs)
            The foreign currency risk from monetary assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2024 is as follows:
            Particulars                      USD Equivalent ₹           CNH Equivalent ₹              EURO Equivalent ₹           Total ₹
            Trade receivables                8.08         673.32            -               -          0.02             1.87      675.19
            Trade payables                  28.85       2,404.42        0.03            0.29           3.89          350.51      2,755.22
            Net assets/(liabilities)      (20.77)     (1,731.10)       (0.03)          (0.29)         (3.87)        (348.64) (2,080.03)

            Details of foreign currency exposures that are hedged by derivative instruments or otherwise:
            Particulars                                                             Currency            Amount in              Equivalent
                                                                                                  foreign currency                   INR
            As at 31 March 2025                                                          USD                    2.42              201.33
            As at 31 March 2024                                                          USD                   11.72              976.82

            Foreign currency sensitivity on unhedged exposure
            Financial Year                                             Foreign        Change               Effect on       Effect on
                                                                      currency      in foreign          profit before pre-tax equity
                                                                               currency rates                     tax
            For 31 March 2025                                              USD            +5%                  -13.99         -13.99
                                                                                                -5%            13.99                13.99
                                                                           EUR                  +5%             -4.00               -4.00
                                                                                                -5%             4.00                 4.00
                                                                           CNH                  +5%             -0.02               -0.02
                                                                                                -5%             0.02                 0.02
            For 31 March 2024                                              USD                  +5%            -37.71              -37.71
                                                                                                -5%            37.71                37.71
                                                                           EUR                  +5%            -17.43              -17.43
                                                                                                -5%            17.43                17.43
                                                                           CNH                  +5%             -0.01               -0.01
                                                                                                -5%             0.01                 0.01
      ii.   Interest rate risk							
            Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of
            changes in market interest rates. At the reporting date the interest rate profile of the Group's interest bearing financial
            instruments are follows:
            Particulars                                                                     As at 31 March              As at 31 March
                                                                                                 2025                             2024
            Fixed rate instruments
            Borrowings                                                                                 12,578.64                 8,556.78
            Interest rate sensitivity on variable rate instruments
            Particulars                                                                     As at 31 March              As at 31 March
                                                                                                 2025                             2024
            Impact on profit before tax or equity
            Increase by 50 basis points                                                                   (62.89)                 (42.78)
            Decrease by 50 basis points                                                                     62.89                   42.78
35    Capital management										
      "For the purpose of the Group’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital and all other equity reserves
      attributable to the equity holders of the Group. The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to ensure that it
      maintains a strong credit rating and healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholder value.
      the Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the
      requirements of the financial covenants. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend
      payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares.




152   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 155 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                            (Amount in ` Lakhs)
     No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 March 2024
     and 31 March 2024.
     Particulars                                                                                 As at                 As at
                                                                                         31 March 2025         31 March 2024
     Total Shareholder's Equity as reported in Balance Sheet                                      46,238               45,188
     Net Debt:
         Short-term debt                                                                          12,562                7,994
         Long-term debt (including current portion of long-term debt)                              16.89               562.49
     Gross Debt:                                                                                  12,579                8,557
         Less: Cash and Bank Balances                                                                797                4,467
     Net Debt / (Net Cash and Bank balances)                                                      11,781                4,090
36   Disclosure as per the requirement of section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006:
     Details of amounts outstanding to Micro and Small Enterprises as defined under the MSMED Act, 2006:
     There are no material dues owed by the Group to Micro and Small enterprises, which are outstanding for more than 45 days
     during the year and as at March 31, 2024. This information as required under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
     Development Act, 2006 has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information
     available with the Group.

     Particulars                                                                                 As at                 As at
                                                                                         31 March 2025         31 March 2024
     The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any
     supplier at the end of each accounting year
     - Principal amount remaining unpaid                                                          309.88               305.15
     - Interest accrued and remaining unpaid as at year end                                             -                    -
     The amount of interest paid by the buyer under MSMED Act, 2006 along with                          -                    -
     the amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day
     during each accounting year
     The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making                           -                    -
     payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year)
     but without adding the interest specified under the MSMED Act, 2006
     The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of accounting                       -                    -
     year
     The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the                               -                    -
     succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually
     paid to the small enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible
     expenditure under Section 23 of the MSMED Act, 2006

37   Details of employee benefits as required by Ind-AS 19 - "Employee benefits are as under":
     1     Defined contribution plan - Provident fund and other fund						
           The Company makes contribution towards employees’ provident fund and employees’ state insurance plan scheme.
           Under the schemes, the Company is required to contribute a specified percentage of payroll cost, as specified in the
           rules of the schemes, to these defined contribution schemes.
           The company has done contribution in Superannuation Scheme and National Pension Scheme. The company has
           no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as employee
           benefit expenses when they are due.
           An amount of ₹ 278.73 lakhs (31st March 2024: 182.47 lakhs) is recognised as an expense and included in "Employee
           Benefit Expense" in the Statement of Profit  and Loss Account.
           Note:
           The above amount includes the share of employer only.


                                                                                         42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 153

===== PAGE 156 =====
                                                                                                                   (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      2     Defined benefit plan
            (i)      The defined benefit plan comprises gratuity, which is funded.
            (ii)     the Group has a defined benefit gratuity plan The gratuity scheme of a company is covered under a group
                     gratuity cum life assurance cash accumulation policy offered by LIC of India
                     Actuarial gains and losses in respect of defined benefit plans are recognized in the Other Comprehensive Income
                     (OCI).
                     The Group provides for gratuity for employees in India as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Gratuity is a
                     benefit to an employee in India based on 15 days last drawn salary for each completed year of service with a
                     vesting period of five years.
                     These defined benefit plans expose the Group to actuarial risks, such as longevity risk and interest rate risk.
      (A)   Defined Benefit Plans
      (a)   The amounts recognized in Balance Sheet are as follows:
                     Particulars                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                                31 March 2025          31 March 2024
             (i)     Amount to be recognized in Balance Sheet
                     Present value of defined benefit obligation                                       1,026.10                975.04
                     Less: Fair value of plan assets                                                  (1,087.09)            (1,060.63)
                     Amount to be recognized as Liability or (Asset)                                     (60.99)               (85.58)
             (ii)    Amount to be reflected in Balance Sheet
                     Liabilities                                                                               -                       -
                     Assets                                                                              (60.99)               (85.58)
                     Net Liability/(Asset)                                                               (60.99)               (85.58)

      (b)   The amounts recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss are as follows:
                     Particulars                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                                31 March 2025          31 March 2024
             (i)     Employee Benefits Expense
                     Current service cost                                                                 82.25                 68.30
             (ii)    Acquisition (Gain)/ Loss                                                                  -                       -
             (iii)   Finance cost                                                                              -
                     Net Interest (Income)/Expense                                                        (6.18)                (9.91)
                     Actuarial losses/(gains)                                                                  -
                     Curtailment (gain)/ loss                                                                  -
                     Settlement (gain)/loss                                                                    -
                     Transfer in / (out)
                     Net periodic benefit cost recognized in the Statement of Profit                      76.07                 58.39
                     and Loss
      (c)   The amounts recognized in the Statement of Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
                     Particulars                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                                31 March 2025          31 March 2024
             (i)     Opening amount recognized in OCI outside Statement of Profit                        (13.26)                41.22
                     and Loss
             (ii)    Re-measurements for the year-obligation (Gain)/Loss                                  (1.50)                  1.89
                     Closing balances [re-measurements (Gain)/Loss recognized                            (14.76)                 43.11
                     in OCI]




154   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 157 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                (Amount in ` Lakhs)
    (d)   The changes in the present value of defined benefit obligation representing reconciliation of opening and closing
          balances thereof are as follows:						
                  Particulars                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                             31 March 2025          31 March 2024
          (i)     Present value of obligation as at the beginning of the year                       975.04                 875.74
          (ii)    Acquisition adjustment                                                                    -                      -
          (iii)   Transfer in / (out)                                                                       -                      -
          (iv)    Interest cost                                                                        70.40                  65.86
          (v)     Past service cost                                                                         -                      -
          (vi)    Current service cost                                                                 82.25                  68.30
          (vii) Curtailment cost / (credit)                                                                 -                      -
          (viii) Settlement cost/ (credit)                                                                  -                      -
          (ix)    Benefits paid                                                                       (88.33)               (76.07)
          (x)     Re-measurements on obligation - (Gain) / Loss                                       (13.26)                 41.22
                  Present value of obligation as at the end of the year                                1,026                    975
    (e)   Changes in the fair value of plan assets representing reconciliation of the opening and closing balances thereof are as
          follows:						
                  Particulars                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                             31 March 2025          31 March 2024
          (i)     Fair value of the plan assets as at beginning of the year                       1,060.63               1,007.53
          (ii)    Acquisition adjustments                                                                   -                      -
          (iii)   Transfer in/(out)                                                                         -                      -
          (iv)    Interest income                                                                      76.58                  75.77
          (v)     Contributions                                                                        36.72                  55.29
          (vi)    Mortality charges and taxes                                                               -                      -
          (vii) Benefits paid                                                                         (88.33)               (76.07)
          (viii) Amount paid on settlement                                                                  -                      -
          (ix)    Return on plan assets, excluding amount recognized in Interest                         1.50                 (1.89)
                  Income - Gain / (Loss)
                  Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year                                     1,087                  1,061
    (f)   Net interest (income) /expenses
                  Particulars                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                             31 March 2025          31 March 2024
          (i)     Interest ( income) / expense – obligation                                            70.40                  65.86
          (ii)    Interest (income) / expense – plan assets                                           (76.58)               (75.77)
                  Net interest (Income) / Expense for the year                                         (6.18)                 (9.91)

          Basis used to determine the overall expected return:
          The net interest approach effectively assumes an expected rate of return on plan assets equal to the beginning of the
          year discount rate. Expected return of 7.22% has been used for the valuation purpose.
    (g)   Principal actuarial assumptions at the balance sheet date (expressed as weighted averages)

          Particulars                                                                                As at                   As at
                                                                                             31 March 2025          31 March 2024
          (i)     Discount rate                                                                        6.79%                 7.22%
          (iii)   Salary growth rate *                                                                 8.00%                 8.00%
          (ii)    Expected return on plan assets                                                       6.79%                 7.22%
          The estimates of future salary increase considered in actuarial valuation take into account inflation, seniority, promotion
          and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.



                                                                                             42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 155

===== PAGE 158 =====
                                                                                                                       (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      (i)    General descriptions of defined benefit plans:
             The Company operates gratuity plan wherein every employee is entitled to the benefit equivalent to fifteen days salary
             last drawn for each completed year of service. The same is payable on termination of service or retirement, whichever
             is earlier. The benefit vests after five years of continuous service.
      (j)    Sensitivity Analysis
             Reasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other
             assumptions constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation by the amounts shown below.
             Projected benefit obligation on current                        FY 2024-25                             FY 2023-24
             assumptions                                             Defined benefit obligation            Defined benefit obligation
                                                                     Decrease        Increase              Decrease        Increase
             Discount rate (1 % movement)                                   83.41           (72.51)               80.94           (70.28)
             Future salary growth (1 % movement)                          (68.64)               75.84            (66.57)              73.28
             Attrition rate (1 % movement)                                    7.87              (7.18)             5.09               (4.67)

             Maturity profile of defined benefit plan
             Projected benefits payable in future years from the date of
                                                                                                         FY 2024-25           FY 2023-24
             reporting
             1st Following year                                                                               90.51                   89.42
             2nd Following year                                                                               93.22                   71.53
             3rd Following year                                                                              130.13               100.03
             4th Following year                                                                               76.60               105.54
             5th Following year                                                                               79.06                   74.06
             Sum of years 6 to 10                                                                            362.53               385.46
             Sum of years 11 and above                                                                     1,125.66              1,157.96
38    Segment information
      The following is analysis of the revenue and results from continuing operations by reportable segments.
      Sr     Particulars                                                                                      Year ended
      No                                                                                         March 31, 2025         March 31, 2024
      (i)    Segment Revenue
             Extrusion Machinery Division                                                                 36,285.02             34,849.04
             Battery Division                                                                             12,698.12             26,616.45
             Total Segment Revenue                                                                        48,983.14             61,465.49

      (ii)   Segment Results
             Extrusion Machinery Division                                                                  7,013.87              4,548.62

             Battery Division                                                                             (2,553.28)              651.55

             Total Segment Results                                                                         4,460.58              5,200.17

             Unallocated Corporate income net of unallocated expenses                                      (265.49)               (11.28)

             Profit / (loss) before interest and taxation                                                  4,195.09              5,188.89

             Finance Cost                                                                                  1,117.31               978.30

             Profit (+)/loss (-) before exceptional items and share of loss                                3,077.78              4,210.59

             Share in profit/(loss) of joint ventures / associates                                            54.46               224.44

             Profit(+)/Loss before exceptional items and tax                                               3,132.25              4,435.04

             Exceptional items                                                                               848.98                        -

             Profit(+)/ Loss( -) before tax                                                                3,981.23              4,435.04


156   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 159 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                             (Amount in ` Lakhs)
     Sr       Particulars                                                                            Year ended
     No                                                                                 March 31, 2025        March 31, 2024

              Tax Expenses

              Current Tax                                                                         1075.00              1074.60
              Deferred Tax                                                                        (313.99)              (21.27)
              Net Profit/ (loss) after tax                                                        3,220.21            3,381.70
              Other Comprehensive Income                                                          (665.18)              903.40
              Net Comprehensive Income                                                            2,555.03            4,285.10
     (iii)    Segment Assets

              Extrusion Machinery Division                                                       36,311.38           27,474.65
              Battery Division                                                                   37,612.32           31,167.56
              Total Segment Assets                                                               73,923.69           58,642.21
              Unallocated Corporate Assets                                                        4,785.27           12,970.69
              Total Assets                                                                       78,708.96           71,612.90
     (iv)     Segment Liabilities

              Extrusion Machinery Division                                                       13,621.14           11,214.61
              Battery Division                                                                    5,133.66            5,204.45
              Total Segment Liabilities                                                          18,754.80           16,419.07
              Unallocated Corporate Liabilities                                                  59,954.16           55,193.84
              Total Liabilities                                                                  78,708.96           71,612.90
     Revenue from external customers
      Sr Particulars                                                                                 Year ended
      No
                                                                                        March 31, 2025        March 31, 2024
          1   India                                                                              41,019.16           53,962.05
          2   Outside India                                                                       6,507.94            6,596.38

     Segment revenue with major customers
     The Company has two customers during the year ended 31 March 2025 (Previous year Three customer) accounting for
     more than 10% of its revenue from operations. During the year 26.94% (Previous year: 40.58%) of the Company’s revenue
     from operation was generated from these customers.
     Note :
     Company operates in two business segments i) Extrusion ii ) Battery.
39   Related party disclosures
     A.       Names of the related party and nature of relationship where control exists:
              Name of the Related Party                                     Nature of relationship
              (A)     Varos Technology Private Limited                      Subsidiary Company
              (B)     Kabra Energy Private Limited                          Subsidiary Company
              (C)     Penta Auto Feeding India Ltd. (Upto 5 Feb 2025)
                                                          th
                                                                            Joint Venture Company
              (D)     Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Private Limited         Joint Venture Company




                                                                                          42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 157

===== PAGE 160 =====
                                                                                                            (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      B.   List of other related parties
           (i)   Key Management Personnel (KMPs)

                   Sr. No. Name of Related Parties                        Designation
                     1     Shreevallabh G. Kabra                          Executive Chairman
                     2     Anand Shreevallabh Kabra                       Vice-Chairman & Managing Director
                     3     Ekta Anand Kabra                               Managing Director
                     4     Satyanarayan G. Kabra                          Director
                     5     Atanu Maity                                    Chief Executive Officer (Extrusion Division)
                     6     Daulat Jain                                    Chief Financial Officer
                     7     Shilpa Rathi                                   Company Secretary

           (ii)    Sr. No. Entities with whom there are transactions in the current year
                     1     Plastiblends India Ltd
                     2     Kolsite Corporation LLP                        Promoter Companies/Enterprises
                     3     Maharashtra Plastic & Industries

           (iii)   Sr. No. Entities with whom there are no transactions in the current year
                     1     Smartech Global Solution Ltd
                     2     Taiyou Green Solutions Pvt Ltd
                                                                          Other Entities
                     3     VTRO Motors Private Limited
                     4     Kolsite Industries

      C.   Transactions with related parties During the year

            Type of          Name of The Party                Transaction Type                      As at               As at
            Relation                                                                        31 March 2025       31 March 2024
            Joint Venture Kabra Mecanor Belling Purchase of goods & Services                               -                  -
                          Technik Pvt.Ltd.                                                             1.95                1.15
                                                Reimbursement Income
                                                     Rent Income                                       2.40                6.53
                                                     Sales of goods & Services                             -                  -
                            Penta Auto Feeding       Purchase of goods & Services                          -                  -
                            India Limited                                                            158.86              131.06
                                                     Reimbursement Income
                            (Upto 5th Feb 2025)
                                                     Rent Income                                       3.00                3.00
                                                     Sales of goods & Services                             -                  -
            Promoter        Kolsite Corporation      Purchase of goods & Services                          -                  -
            Companies/      LLP                                                                        2.19                1.90
                                                     Reimbursement Expenses
            Enterprise
                                                     Dividend Paid                                   134.01              134.01
                                                     Rent Expense                                     52.74               51.94
                                                     Sales of goods & Services                             -                  -
                            Maharastra Plastics      Purchase of goods & Services                      0.05                0.06
                            & Ind.                                                                         -                  -
                                                     Reimbursement Expense
                                                     Reimbursement Income                                  -                  -
                                                     Rent Income                                       1.80                2.28
                                                     Sales of goods & Services                        32.11               28.87




158   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 161 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                 (Amount in ` Lakhs)

          Type of           Name of The Party              Transaction Type                 As at            As at
          Relation                                                                  31 March 2025    31 March 2024
                          Plastiblends India      Purchase of goods & Services               12.58               8.37
                          Limited
                                                  Reimbursement Expense                          -                  -
                                                  Reimbursement Income                       15.84              15.41
                                                  Rent Expense                               13.53              13.52
                                                  Dividend Paid                              28.96              28.96
                                                  Dividend Received                          60.94              62.25
                                                  Rent Income                                 3.94               3.47
                                                  Sales of goods & Services                 114.40             174.84
          Other Entities Kabra Gloucester         Investment in CCD                              -                  -
                         Engineering Limited
                                                  Sales of goods & Services                      -                  -
                          Smartech Global         Purchase of goods & Services                   -                  -
                          Solution Ltd
                                                  Sales of goods & Services                      -                  -
                          Vtro Motors Private     Purchase of goods & Services                   -                  -
                          Limited
                                                  Sales of goods & Services                      -               1.88

    D.   Balance Outstanding at end of financial year :
         (i)     Debit Balance Outstanding

                    Type of Relation     Name of The Party		                                As at            As at
                                                                                    31 March 2025    31 March 2024
                 Joint Venture           Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt.Ltd.              37.04              38.39
                                         Penta Auto Feeding India Limited                     1.10              64.64
                                         (Upto 5th Feb 2025)
                 Promoter Companies/     Maharastra Plastics & Ind.                           2.40               8.16
                 Enterprise
                                         Plastiblends India Limited                          13.83               9.59
         (ii)    Credit Balance Outstanding

                    Type of Relation     Name of The Party		                                As at            As at
                                                                                    31 March 2025    31 March 2024
                 Joint Venture           Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt.Ltd.               1.47               1.47
                 Promoter Companies/     Kolsite Corporation LLP                              0.07               0.13
                 Enterprise
                                         Plastiblends India Limited                           1.59                  -
                 Other Entities          Smartech Global Solution Ltd                         0.11               0.11
                                         Vtro Motors Private Limited                       149.70              149.70
         (iii)   Investments

                    Type of Relation     Name of The Party		                                As at            As at
                                                                                    31 March 2025    31 March 2024
                 Joint Venture           Kabra Mecanor Belling Technik Pvt.Ltd.              69.98              69.98
                                         Penta Auto Feeding India Limited                        -              49.94
                                         (Upto 5th Feb 2025)
                 Promoter Companies/     Plastiblends India Limited                       2,583.58         3,326.09
                 Enterprise




                                                                                  42nd Annual Report 2024-25    | 159

===== PAGE 162 =====
                                                                                                            (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      E.   Compensation to key management personnel :
              Particulars                                                                          As at                As at
                                                                                           31 March 2025        31 March 2024
               (a) Short term employee benefits (including Commission)
               (i)    Post employment benefits                                                      653.07             621.53
               (ii)   Other long-term benefits                                                              -                -
              (iii) Others                                                                                  -                -
              (b) Dividend paid
               (i)    Sitting fees                                                                  429.54             440.04
               (ii)   Professional Fees                                                                     -                -
              (iii) Commission                                                                              -                -
              (iv) Commission                                                                               -                -
           Note:
           As the post-employment benefits is provided on an actuarial basis for the Group as a whole, the amount pertaining to
           key management personnel is not ascertainable and therefore not included above.
40    Lease transactions
      Company as Lessee The Company has taken office buildings & warehouses on lease for a tenure of 3 to 5 years. The
      Company’s obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets. Generally, the Company
      is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets. There are no variable lease payments and residual value
      guarantees for these leases. The leases are renewable on mutually agreeable terms.
      Carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the year:
      Particulars                                                                                As at                  As at
                                                                                         31 March 2025          31 March 2024
      At the begning of the year                                                                        -                    -
      Additions                                                                                   267.81                     -
      Accretion of Interest                                                                         9.42                     -
      Payment made                                                                               (34.15)                     -
      Total                                                                                       243.08                     -
      Current Portion                                                                              87.34                     -
      Non current Portion                                                                         155.74                     -
      Total                                                                                       243.08                     -

      Details of Amounts recognised in statement of Profit and Loss:
      Particulars                                                                                As at                  As at
                                                                                         31 March 2025          31 March 2024
      Depreciation expenses of right of use assets                                                 46.27                     -
      Interest Expenses on lease liabilities                                                        9.42                     -
      Expense relating to Short term lease                                                              -                    -
      Expense relating to lease of low-value assets (included in other expenses-rent)                   -                    -
      Total                                                                                        55.69                     -




160   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 163 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                               (Amount in ` Lakhs)
     Contractual Cash flow Lease liabilities as at:

     Particulars                                                                                    As at                 As at
                                                                                            31 March 2025         31 March 2024
     Not later than One Year                                                                        105.01                       -
     Later than One year and not later than five Year                                               166.74                       -
     Later Than Five Year                                                                                  -                     -
     Total                                                                                          166.74                       -

41   Contingent liablities and commitments							
     a)   Contingent liabilities not provided for :

             Sr. No. Particulars                                                         31 March 2025          31 March 2024
               1     Bank Guarantee and Counter guarantees (Letter of Credit)                      1,132.97                648.32
                     given by the Group for the guarantees issued by the Group's
                     bankers
               2     Bill Discounting                                                                      -                     -
               3     Disputed Income tax demand *                                                   127.76                 127.76
               4     Service tax and Excise matters under dispute                                     12.11                 12.11
               5     Goods and service tax matters under dispute                                       9.24                  9.24
               6     Custom Duty matter under dispute                                                  1.43                  1.43

     b)   Capital and Other Commitment:

             Particulars                                                                 31 March 2025          31 March 2024
             Capital Commitment
             Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital                      143.42                 506.25
             account and not provided for (net of advances)
          * Note :
          These matters are pending before various appellate authorities and the Management, including its tax advisors, expect
          that its position will likely be upheld on ultimate resolution and will not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s
          financial position and results of operations.
42   Income taxes
     The income tax expense consists of following:

     Particulars                                                                           FY 2024-25             FY 2023-24
     Tax expense
     Current tax                                                                                   1075.00               1074.60
     Income Tax On Earlier Year                                                                            -                     -
     Deferred tax (benefit) / charge                                                               (313.99)               (21.27)
     Total tax expense                                                                              761.01               1,053.33
     Other comprehensive income
     Income tax on items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                              62.57               (35.58)
     Income tax expense reported in the statement of other comprehensive                              62.57               (35.58)
     income

     The deferred tax relates to origination/reversal of temporary differences.




                                                                                           42nd Annual Report 2024-25       | 161

===== PAGE 164 =====
                                                                                                           (Amount in ` Lakhs)
      The reconciliation of estimated income tax expense at Indian statutory income tax rate to income tax expense reported in
      Statement of Profit or Loss is as follows:
      Particulars                                                                       FY 2024-25            FY 2023-24

      Profit before tax                                                                        3,926.76             4,210.60
      Indian statutory income tax rate                                                          25.17%                25.17%
      Expected tax expense                                                                       994.87             1,059.72
      Tax Effect of adjustments to reconcile expected income tax expense to
      reported income tax expense
      Expenses not deductible in determining taxable profits                                     685.99               442.43
      Allowances / Deductible                                                                   (716.05)             (428.35)
      Tax related to Income from capital gain                                                     58.71                13.63
      Income Tax of earlier Year                                                                       -                    -
      Deferred Tax expenses accounted                                                           (313.99)              (21.27)
      Others (net) - adjusted                                                                     51.48               (12.83)
      Total tax expense                                                                          761.01             1,053.34

      Deferred Tax
      Item wise movement in deferred tax expense recognised in profit or loss / OCI
      Particulars                                                                       FY 2024-25            FY 2023-24

      Provision for doubtful debts and advances                                                 (137.99)              (20.14)
      Provision for leave encashment                                                              (0.44)                 1.36
      Provision for gratuity                                                                      (4.18)                 2.78
      Provision for bonus                                                                         (2.41)                 1.29
      Excess of depreciation/amortisation on fixed assets under income-tax                      (129.09)              (29.40)
      Fair valuation of non-current investments                                                  (52.62)               34.53
      Fair valuation of current investments                                                      (49.83)               23.89
      Total expenses                                                                            (376.56)               14.31
      Recognised in Profit or Loss                                                              (313.99)              (21.27)
      Recognised in Other Comprehensive Income                                                   (62.57)               35.58
      Total expenses                                                                            (376.56)               14.31
      The gross movement in the deferred tax for the year ended 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024 is as follows:
      Particulars                                                                       FY 2024-25            FY 2023-24

      Net deferred income tax assets / (laibilities) at the beginning                         (1,148.57)           (1,134.26)
      Credits / (charge) relating to temporary differences                                       376.56               (14.31)
      MAT Credit utlised                                                                               -                    -
      Net deferred income tax assets / (laibilities) at the end                                 (772.01)           (1,148.57)




162   | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 165 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                           (Amount in ` Lakhs)
43   Following Ratios to be disclosed		

      S Ratio                Formula           Numerator Denominator         As at 31st   As at 31st   Variance     Reason
      No                                                                     March 2025   March 2024      %

      (a) Current         Current Assets/       Current         Current         1.67         1.95      (14.38%)
          Ratio (X)          Current            Assets         Liabilities
                            Liabilities

      (b) Debt-Equity      Debt / Equity       Total Debt     Total Equity      0.27         0.19       43.66%    Due to
          Ratio (X)                                                                                               Increase in
                                                                                                                  Borrowings

      (c) Debt               Earnings          Earnings       Debt Service     10.12        10.87      (6.87%)
          Service          available for       available
          Coverage         debt service/        for debt
          Ratio (X)        Debt Service         service

      (d) Return on          Total             Profit After    Average         7.04%        8.10%      (12.99%)
          Equity Ratio comprehensive              Tax         Shareholder
          (%)           income(loss)                             fund
                          / Average
                         shareholder
                            Equity

      (e) Inventory          Net Sales           Sales          Average         1.78         2.69      (33.85%)   Due to
          turnover           / Average                         Inventory                                          increase in
          ratio (X)          Inventory                                                                            inventory
                                                                                                                  and lower
                                                                                                                  sales

      (f)   Trade          Net Sales /           Sales         Average          4.97         5.78      (14.15%)
            Receivables   Average Trade                         Trade
            turnover        receivable                        Receivable
            ratio (X)

      (g) Trade             Net Credit         Purchase         Average         4.41         5.60      (21.23%)
          payables         Purchases /                           Trade
          turnover        Average trade                         Payable
          ratio (X)         payables

      (h) Net capital       Net Sales            Sales          Average         2.36         2.67      (11.53%)
          turnover          / Average                           Working
          ratio (X)       working capital                       Capital

      (i)   Net profit    Profit after tax /   Proft After     Net Sales       6.82%        5.60%       21.87%
            ratio (%)        Net sales            Tax

      (j)   Return on       Earnings        Earnings            Capital        8.67%        9.95%      (12.86%)
            Capital       before interest    before            Employed
            employed        and taxes     interest and
            (%)              / Capital        taxes
                            Employed

44   Distribution made and proposed
     The Board of Directors has recommended payment of Dividend of ₹ 2.50 per fully paid Equity Shares (31 March 2024:
     ₹ 3.50). This proposed dividend is subject to the approval of Shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The
     Dividend will be recognised in the books of accounts in the Year of Payment.
45   All amounts which became due, for transfer to the credit of Investor Education and Protection Fund, as of 31 March 2025,
     have been transferred to that fund.




                                                                                            42nd Annual Report 2024-25   | 163

===== PAGE 166 =====
46      Additional information as required under schedule III of the Act,of enterprises consolidated as subsidary company;
        For the year ended 31 March 2025
Particulars                       share in net assets i.e.   Share in Profit or Loss        Share in other                Share in total
                                 total assets minus total                                comprehensive income         comprehensive income
                                          liablities
                                    As % of         Amount     As % of        Amount        As % of      Amount          As % of      Amount
                                  consolidated               consolidated                 consolidated                 consolidated
                                   net assets                profit or loss                  other                         total
                                                                                         comprehensive                comprehensive
                                                                                            income                       income
Parent;

Kabra Extrusiontechnik               101.45% 46,908.23            106.88%     3,441.66       100.00%     (665.18)         108.67%     2,776.49
Limited

Subsidary incorporated in
india;

Varos Technology Private              (1.45%)     (669.57)         (6.87%)    (221.24)          0.00%             -        (8.66%)    (221.24)
Limited

Kabra Energy Private Limited            0.00%       (0.51)         (0.01%)      (0.21)          0.00%             -          0.00%      (0.21)

Total                                100.00% 46,238.14            100.00%     3,220.21       100.00%     (665.18)         100.00%     2,555.03

        For the year ended 31 March 2024
Particulars                       share in net assets i.e.   Share in Profit or Loss        Share in other                Share in total
                                 total assets minus total                                comprehensive income         comprehensive income
                                          liablities
                                    As % of         Amount     As % of        Amount        As % of      Amount          As % of      Amount
                                  consolidated               consolidated                 consolidated                 consolidated
                                   net assets                profit or loss                  other                         total
                                                                                         comprehensive                comprehensive
                                                                                            income                       income
Parent;

Kabra Extrusiontechnik               100.10% 45,231.50            100.30%     3,391.82       100.00%      903.40          100.24%     4,295.21
Limited

Subsidary incorporated in
india;

Varos Technology Private              (0.10%)      (43.43)         (0.29%)      (9.92)          0.00%             -        (0.23%)      (9.92)
Limited

Kolsite Energy Private Limited          0.00%       (0.30)         (0.01%)      (0.20)          0.00%             -          0.00%      (0.20)

Total                                100.00% 45,187.77            100.00%     3,381.70       100.00%      903.40          100.00%     4,285.10

47      Other Statutory Information
        a)    Loans and Advances in the nature of Loan to Related Parties:
              The Company has not granted any Loans or Advances in the nature of loans to promoters, directors,  KMPs and the
              related parties (as defined under Companies Act, 2013), either severally or jointly with any other person as on 31
              March 2025.
        b)    Relationship with Struck off Companies:
              As per our knowledge, the Company do not have any transactions with struck off companies.
        c)    Registration of charges or satisfaction with Registrar of Companies:
              The Company has no charges or satisfaction yet to be registered with Registrar of Companies beyond the statutory
              period.
        d)    Compliance with number of layers of companies:
              The Company complies with the number of layers prescribed under Clause 87 of Section 2 of the Act, read with the
              Companies (Restriction on number of layers) Rules, 2017.




164     | Kabra Extrusiontechnik Limited

===== PAGE 167 =====
Notice | Statutory Reports | Consolidated Financial Statements


     (e)   Compliance with approved Scheme (s) of Arrangements Accounted as per Scheme & Ind AS
           Neither the Company has approached to nor any Competent Authority has approved any scheme of arrangements so
           as to account for in the books of account of the Company, in order to disclose any deviation in that regard.
     (f)   Loans, Guarantee, Security given by Company to Intermediary and it is giving to others on behalf of Company:
           The Company has neither advanced nor loaned or invested funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any
           other sources or kind of funds) to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries).
     (g)   Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency:
           The Company has neither traded nor invested in Crypto currency or Virtual currency during the financial year.
     (h)   Benami Property:
           The Company does not have any Benami property, and hence no proceeding has been initiated or pending against
           the Company for holding any Benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and
           Rules made thereunder.
     (i)   Undisclosed Income:
           There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the current or previous year in the tax assessments
           under the Income Tax Act, 1961, that has not been recorded in the books of account.
     (j)   Revaluation
           The company has not revalued its property, plant & equipment during the year.
     (k)   The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender or
           government or any government authority.
48   Previous year's figures have been regrouped wherever considered necessary to make them comparable with those of the
     current year.

As per our report of even date attached   For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Kirtane & Pandit LLP                  S.V. Kabra                        A. S. Kabra                 Atanu Maity
Chartered Accountants                     Executive Chairman                Vice Chairman & MD          Chief Executive Officer
Firm Registration Number:105215W          (DIN: 00015415)                   (DIN: 00016010)             (Extrusion Division)
CA.Suhrud Lele                            Daulat Jain                       Shilpa Rathi
Partner                                   Chief Financial Officer           Company Secretary
Membership No. 121162
Place: Mumbai                                                               Place: Mumbai
Date: 16 May 2025                                                           Date: 16 May 2025




                                                                                           42nd Annual Report 2024-25      | 165

===== PAGE 168 =====
