[page 1]
  
 
August 26, 2026 
 
Subject: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) – 
Outcome of Board Meeting. 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, we wish to inform you that the Board of Directors 
of OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited (“Company”) at their meeting held today, i.e., Wednesday, August 
26, 2026, has inter alia considered and approved the following: 
 
1. Alteration of the main object clause of Memorandum of Association (“MoA”) of the Company, subject to 
the approval of the Members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (“AGM”). 
 
The brief details of the alteration of the MoA as required under Regulation 30 read with Clause 14 of Para 
A of Part A of Schedule III of SEBI Listing Regulations and SEBI Master Circular No. 
HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026, is enclosed as Annexure A. 
 
2. Convening of t he 10 th AGM of the Company on Tuesday, September 22, 2026, through Video 
Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio -Visual Means (“ OAVM”) in accordance with the relevant circulars 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India (‘ MCA’) and Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (“SEBI”) and the Notice convening the AGM will be circulated to the Members within the 
prescribed statutory timeline.  
 
The meeting of the Board of Directors commenced at 05:10 p.m. IST and concluded at 05:45 p.m. IST.   
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
(formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Shraddha Rajkumar Patangia 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A55210 
  
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code - 544754 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol - KISSHT  
 
[page 2]
  
 
Annexure A 
 
Disclosures as required under SEBI Master Circular No. HO/49/14/14(7)2025 -CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 
dated January 30, 2026. 
 
Brief details of the alteration of the main object clause of the Memorandum of Association of (“MoA”) of the 
Company. 
 
In view of the evolving nature of the Company's business and its technology-enabled offerings, it is proposed 
to suitably alter the main object of the Company to provide clarity and flexibility to undertake activities relating 
to technology platforms and allied services in the financial services ecosystem. 
 
Accordingly, it is proposed to: 
 
(i) substitute the existing sub-clause 1 of clause III(A) as under: 
 
to carry on the business of designing, developing, customizing, and hosting software and technology 
platforms, including mobile applications, web interfaces, payment gateways, and other technology for the 
purpose of distributing financial products and servi ces, providing consumers information about and 
access to such products, and operating a marketplace connecting consumers with service providers 
through mobile, web, or other technology; 
 
(ii) insert a new sub-clause 4 in clause III(A) as under: 
 
to carry on business/activities of processing of information for the support or benefit of credit institutions; 
 
(iii) insert a new sub-clause 5 in clause III(A) as under: 
 
to carry on the business of providing outsourcing and allied support services to companies, institutions, 
financial intermediaries and other entities, including technology and digital support services, customer 
servicing and support, back -office and adminis trative services, intermediation and facilitation services, 
other operational, technical and business support services, in relation to financial products, whether 
undertaken directly or through third -party service providers, and to undertake all activities  incidental or 
ancillary thereto, in accordance with and subject to applicable laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and 
regulatory approvals.  
 
The proposed amendments are intended to align the main objects of the Company with its evolving business 
requirements and enable the Company to undertake the aforesaid activities in compliance with applicable 
laws and regulatory requirements. The proposed amendments do not authorize the Company to undertake 
any activity requiring a specific license, registration, approval or permission under applicable laws, without 
obtaining the same.  Further, the proposed alteration of the objects of the Company does not attract the 
provisions of Section 13(8) of the Companies Act, 2013 as the proposed alteration does not relate to the 
objects for which the Company has raised money from the public through initial public offering. 
 
The alteration of the main objects of the MoA is subject to the approval of the members by way of a special 
resolution at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. 
 
 
 