
===== PAGE 1 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
Cyient DLM Limited                   Mysore Office                                          Registered Office                                                   
                                  Plot no.347, D1 &2, KIADB                    Plot No.5G, Survey No.99/1                       www.cyientdlm.com                  
                                  Electronics City, Hebbal Industrial      Mamidipalli Village,                                      Company.Secretary@cyientdlm.com 
                                  Area, Mysore 570 016,                          GMR Aerospace & Industrial Park,             T: +91 8214282222/4004500 
                 Karnataka, India                                      Rajiv Gandhi International Airport             F: +91 8214000369 
                                                                                                      Shamshabad, Hyderabad – 500 108          CIN: L31909TG1993PLC141346 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
27 April, 2026 
 
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai 400001. Mumbai-400 051. 
Scrip Code: 543933      Scrip Code: CYIENTDLM 
Sub: Transcripts of Earnings Call    
 
Please find enclosed transcripts of earnings conference call, in connection with Q4 FY26 Financial Results 
held on 21 April 2026.  
 
       This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website, at http://www.cyientdlm.com    
     
       This is for your information and records. 
 
 For Cyient DLM Limited 
 
 
 S. Krithika  
 Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
===== PAGE 2 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Cyient DLM Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 21, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNA BODANAPU – NON-EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN – CYIENT DLM LIMITED 
 MR. RAJENDRA VELAGAPUDI – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CYIENT DLM 
LIMITED 
 MR. R.M. SUBRAMANIAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – CYIENT DLM LIMITED 
  

===== PAGE 3 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Cyient DLM Limited Q4 FY'26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Krishna Bodanapu, Non -Executive Chairman, Cyient 
DLM Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Krishna Bodanapu: Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Krishna Bodanapu, Non -Executive 
Chairman of Cyient DLM. I welcome all of you to our Q4 FY '26 Earnings Call. Joining me 
today are our Managing Director and CFO, Mr. Rajendra Velagapudi -- sorry, Managing 
Director and CEO, Mr. Rajendra Velagapudi; and our CFO, Mr. R.M. Subramanian. 
 Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements made during this call may 
be forward -looking in nature and subject to risks and uncertainties. A detailed disclaimer is 
available in our investor update section posted on our website. 
 I'll start by first sharing my perspective on a few key developments in FY '26 and more 
importantly, how we are positioned as we step into FY '27. On reflection, FY '26 was a 4 year 
on a growth perspective, and I think that is a reality that stares us. Ha ving said that, I'm happy 
to say and that we will talk about it in more detail, that we end the year strongly with a strong 
Q4 and a strong backlog and order book that helps us deliver well into the coming years. 
 Let's start with the order book momentum, which remains a strong anchor for our confidence. 
Over the course of FY '26, we've witnessed consistent and healthy order intake across our 
focused industry segments. Each quarter, we had a book -to-bill ratio of g reater than 1, which 
ends up at being 1.5x for the full year. The ability to sustain the strong order book through the 
book-to-bill ratios reflects not just the demand conditions but also the effectiveness of our 
customer engagement model, our service offerings and our focus on long-term programs. 
 I'm happy to say that the order intake is the highest -- or the order backlog is the highest that it 
has ever been, which bodes well for the coming year ahead. Equally importantly or I even say 
more importantly is the quality of the order book. We are inc reasingly winning programs that 
are more complex, more integrated, critical to our customers. 
 Now these engagements come with longer life cycles, greater collaboration, higher barriers to 
entry, all of this sustains or substantiates the durability of our growth. What does also means the 
type of programs that we're working on means that we will continue to have better predictability 
and better profitability, which, as you know, is very important to the sustainability of our 
business or for that matter, any business. 
 Margins this year at 10-plus percent were very good, and we believe that, that will sustain into 
the future. A key driver behind this momentum has been our focused effort to support and 
===== PAGE 4 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
strengthen the sales organization. Over the past year, we've hired some very good sales leaders 
across geographies and industry verticals, and this enhances both our reach and the depth. 
 This has helped us to progress meaningfully from being just a manufacturing partner to being a 
value-adding strategic partner. I'll say we continue to hire sales team and good sales leaders, and 
we continue to see some very good benefit, which will translate into, again, the coming year. 
 Being a good value-add strategic partner is relevant in the segments we focused on where selling 
is relationship driven. It is technically intensive. And as you know, it comes with long 
consultation cycles. With a stronger leadership bench in more structured go-to-market approach, 
we believe now we're putting into place a sales team that is well positioned to convert and 
execute a very, very strong pipeline into FY '26 on top of a good year for order intake and a very 
strong order backlog that we start the year with. 
 Of course, we've had challenges this year. Obviously, the significant geopolitical uncertainties 
that have characterized this year initially with the scare with tariffs and -- with the uncertainty, 
I would say, with tariffs. And now -- and what continues is the crisis in West Asia -- some of 
our customers have been directly impacted, and this has led to temporary disruptions in 
schedules and execution plans in Q4. 
 Of course, there is a stress, and it's hopefully a cyclical stress in the electronic component 
availability with what's happening in the memory sector. And we end up, given the complexity 
of our Board, we end up using memory in a lot of our goals. Also, 60-plus percent of our revenue 
comes from exports. And therefore, the geopolitics and the global issues have a disproportionate 
impact on us. 
 Of course, despite these headwinds, we performed strongly. We did well on our delivery 
commitments. We protected customer confidence, and we responded with agility across supply 
chain and execution. Another positive we're seeing is the structural shift in the growing traction 
in the build-to-spec engagements, which are higher-value engagements. 
 While build -to-print or EMS remains an important part of our portfolio, customers are 
increasingly seeking partners who can engage earlier in the value chain, contributing to 
specifications, manufacturing decisions, suppliers, part selections and of course , the entire life 
cycle management, which includes things like service, etcetera. 
 These wins reflect the trust customers place at our engineering depth, process rigor and 
governance. On the subject of margins, of course, I'm thrilled with the company's ability to 
sustain healthy double -digit performance. As you know, this has been our intent and our 
ambition, and I'm happy to say that this year, we ended with 10 -plus percent EBITDA margin 
across the whole portfolio, including the operations in India and the operations in the U.S. 
 This is the first time that we've ended with a 10% plus EBITDA margin for the entire year, and 
we believe that we are in a very sustainable situation. Of course, this is not by chance. This is 
through deliberate actions. We're focused on the right segment s. We've invested in operational 
excellence. And of course, we've maintained discipline in cost and execution. We remain clear 
that margin sustainability is as important as growth and our objective is not short -term 
===== PAGE 5 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
optimization, but building a robust business model that will deliver long -term value for all our 
stakeholders. 
 I can again confirm that we continue to invest where it is needed, especially on sales, especially 
on technology, which will all lead to some very good outcomes over the years. As we look ahead, 
I am particularly engaged by a strong entry into FY '27. The  order book, the pipeline maturity, 
early ramps all gives us measured confidence as we go into the new financial year. 
 Of course, there are global uncertainties, but we are quite confident that structurally, we have a 
very strong business. Obviously, India's growing role in global electronics, increased defense 
spending, rising electronic content, all bodes very well for Cyient DLM and presents meaningful 
opportunities. 
 Before I hand over for the business update, I would like to thank our employees for their 
dedication, our customers and partners for their trust and you, our investors for your continued 
support. Thank you once again, and I will turn it over to Rajendra t o talk about the business. 
Rajendra? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: Thank you, Krishna. So good evening to all of you. I'm Rajendra Velagapudi. Just I'll quickly 
walk you through some of areas of the achievements in terms of business. So first, I would like 
to talk about -- give a concise overview that covers three critical areas. One is the current EMS 
industry outlook and its primary demand drivers, notable highlights and milestones recently 
achieved by Cyient DLM and our forward -thinking strategic road map augmented around the 
pillars of strengthen, expand and transform. 
 So to just begin, let us look at the industry perspective. The global EMS market is poised for 
robust expansion with projections indicating growth from approximately $650 billion in 2025 to 
nearly $1.1 trillion by 2033, a solid CAGR of 6%. 
 This trajectory is fueled by a confluence of long -term structural trends that is accelerating 
electronification and digitization across multiple sectors, increasing defense expenditures 
worldwide, shifting geopolitical landscapes that prompt supply chain realignment and 
localization. The rapid emergence of AI and supporting infrastructure and a marked rise in 
domestic investments within India, particularly in defense and rail. Geographically, the demand 
is distributed broadly, APAC leads 40%, followed by North America at 35% and Europe at 25%. 
 Segment-wise, consumer and IT remain dominant, trialed by industrial, while automotive, 
aerospace and defense, medical and rail are collectively gaining strategic importance as growth 
drivers. The key takeaway here is that the EMS industry benefits from e nduring multiyear 
demand, setting the stage for sustained disciplined growth. Shifting focus to the Cyient DLM's 
recent accomplishments, we have made significant strides on multiple fronts. 
 At the Integrated Electronics Manufacturing Interconnection event, which was held in the 
beginning of last quarter, Cyient DLM recognized by the Global Electronic Association and also 
achieved top honors in the fiercely contested Hand Soldering Championshi p, where our 
participant emerged victorious among a field of international competitors. These accolades 
===== PAGE 6 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
underscore our dedication to excellence and are a testament to the ongoing investments we make 
in quality, training and process maturity. 
 On the automotive front, we have successfully completed the International Automotive Task 
Force audit and secured a letter of confirmation, further enhancing our credentials. In addition, 
we have commenced series supply for a new automotive product line a nd initiated series 
production for a semiconductor mission supply partner. 
 These are not preliminary trials but full scale, repeatable production endeavors signaling our 
growing capabilities and reinforcing our entry into more rigorous customer environments. We 
continued order intake momentum in Q4, as Krishna said. I am pleased to share that we secured 
an order intake of over $208 million for the year, resulting in a robust book-to-bill ratio of 1.5x. 
 This performance is a clear testimony to our focused strategy and execution in our key markets. 
We witnessed good traction across major industries, reinforcing the diversification and resilience 
of our business model. With the continued strengthening of o ur sales organization, so we are 
confident that this momentum will further improve as we move into FY '27. So looking ahead, 
our strategy is structured into three phases, as I said earlier, to strengthen, expand and transform.  
 If you look at the strengthen, our immediate focus is on fortifying our core. This involves 
deepening our presence in key markets, pursuing operational excellence and strengthening our 
build-to-spec capabilities. Tactically, we are enhancing our go -to-market structures, building 
cross-functional teams, pursuing large deals and new client logos and investing in automation to 
support scalable disciplined growth. 
 If you look at the expand section, the next phase targets selective growth avenues, particularly 
in automotive, Indian defense and AI infrastructure manufacturing. We are also aiming for 
vertical integration across cable, sheet metal and machining, broade ning both our market reach 
and manufacturing depth while capitalizing on global industry tailwinds. 
 If we look at on the transform, finally, we aim to move beyond conventional EMS models by 
developing products and platforms, investing in product organization capabilities and forging 
technology partnerships and MOUs. This phase is designed to unlock new long-term strategic 
opportunities and additional growth levers. So in summary, the EMS industry continues to 
present a promising landscape, bolstered by megatrends like digitization, increased defense 
spending, supply chain localization and the rise of AI infrastructure. 
 Cyient DLM's recent milestones, particularly in automotive and semiconductor underscore our 
momentum. Our phased road map, strengthen, expand, transform, charts a clear and disciplined 
path for growth through the years. And looking ahead for FY '27, the company remains focused 
on operational excellence, margin improvement and deepening strategic customer relationships, 
supported by a strong pipeline and order book, and we continue investments in capabilities and 
go-to-market. So thank you for your continued support and interest in Cyient DLM. 
 Now I hand it over to RMS, our CFO. 
===== PAGE 7 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
R. M. Subramanian: Thank you, Rajendra. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. This is R.M. Subramanian. Let me 
take you through the financial performance of Q4 FY '26 and the full year performance. For the 
quarter, revenue stood at INR3,691 million, reflecting a strong growth over previous quarters in 
the financial year. On a year -on-year basis, it is down by 13.8%, mainly due to the large order 
closure in Q4 FY '25. We also observed some moderation in customer offtake due to West Asia 
crisis and project execution phasing getting extended. That said, from a demand perspective, we 
are encouraged by the underlying pipeline and the order inflows. 
 Coming to the order book. We ended the quarter with a strong order book of INR24,166 million 
with INR672 million net addition during the quarter. The order book reached its highest level in 
last 10 quarters. It is really encouraging as it gives us a good visibility moving into FY '27. 
EBITDA for the quarter is INR431 million, down 24.9% year-on-year, and the PAT came in at 
INR224 million, a 27.6% decline year -on-year, while the year-on-year comparison reflects the 
impact of lower revenues and operating lev erage, it is important to highlight the sequential 
strength and profitability is improving. 
 At a margin level, EBITDA improved 11.7% and PAT stood at 6.1%. Both EBITDA and PAT 
margin are the highest compared to all previous quarters of the year, reflecting focused execution 
on operating efficiency and margin accretive business mix in Q4. 
 Let me now walk you through our full year financial performance. For FY '26, revenue stood at 
INR12,615 million, representing a 17% year-on-year decline. The softness is caused by the one 
large A&D order completion during FY '25. This is also an year of moderated demand across 
certain customer programs and deliberate execution facing. 
 However, the business demonstrated strong operating resilience through the year despite the 
softness. On the profitability front, normalized EBITDA after factoring one -offs or Wage code 
impact and M&A expenses stood at INR1,302 million, a decline of 10.2% year -on-year, while 
reported EBITDA stood at INR1,268 million, down 12.6% year-on-year. 
 Importantly, margins remained stable at double digits, driven by an improved business mix and 
tight control over operating expenses. At the bottom line, normalized PAT after factoring 
earnout impacts for FY '26 was INR563 million, down 24% year -on-year, largely reflecting 
operating deleverage and normalization adjustments. However, reported PAT increased by 7.7% 
year-on-year to INR733 million with margin improving to 5.8%, up 133 basis points year -on-
year. 
 Coming to the order book. We've closed the FY '26 with a record order book of INR24,166 
million, which is INR5,105 million higher than last year. This is the highest order book levels 
for us since 2.5 years. This is providing us a strong revenue visibility and the conf idence as we 
enter into FY '27. 
 In summary, FY '26 was a year of subdued revenue. However, we sustained double -digit 
EBITDA margins and built a record high order book. This factor underline the robustness of our 
operating model and position us well for a gradual recovery and profitable growth in the coming 
years. 
===== PAGE 8 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 This slide captures the quarterly trend of revenue and margins. Starting with revenue, we saw a 
steady ramp-up through FY '25, peaking in Q3 FY '25, followed by a moderation in FY '26. 
Despite the softer revenue environment in FY '26, the quarterly trend shows a sequential 
improvement towards Q4 FY '26, reflecting a gradual normalization in customer schedules and 
improved execution momentum as the year progressed. 
 The margin follows similar trend as revenues with gradual improvement sequentially in FY '26. 
While EBITDA moderated in early part of FY '26, we saw a strong recovery in Q4 FY '26. Same 
is the case with PAT as it shows a healthy upward trend. After the st art in FY '26 -- softer start 
in FY '26, profitably improved sequentially, culminating in INR224 million in Q4 FY '26. 
 To summarize, while revenue trends were subdued, both EBITDA and PAT margins show a 
clear upward trajectory, particularly in the second half of the year. This reinforces our confidence 
in the structural strength of the business and our ability to convert g rowth into profitable 
outcomes as volumes recover. 
 The next slide highlights the quarterly trend of our non -P&L metrics. Starting with the order 
book. I mentioned earlier that we see a clearer and consistent upward trajectory. The order 
backlog has increased from about INR21.3 billion in Q1 FY '25 to INR24.2 billion by Q4 FY 
'26, making it as the strongest level the company has seen for quite some time. 
 Inventory days remained elevated through FY '26, largely driven by advanced stocking for the 
long-lead components and program ramp -ups. Importantly, we are seeing reduction in Q4, 
reflecting tighter material planning and improved execution alignment. DSO h as improved 
steadily moving from the low 90s to the mid -70s, driven by stronger collection and billing 
discipline. DPO on an average, is higher in FY '26 compared to FY '25. 
 During the FY '26, we saw elevated working capital typical of a ramp-up in revenue moderation 
phase. As we move into Q4 and forward, we are seeing clearer signs of normalization, with 
sharper control on inventory, stable receivables and a healthier cash conversion cycle. We expect 
to improve it further as we move into FY '27. 
 In terms of revenue share, from an industry perspective, aerospace, industrial and medical 
continue to be our largest contributors. Defense share is low and having year-on-year decline of 
68% due to large order coming to an end in FY '25. The other segment showed stronger growth, 
largely aided by B2S business. 
 From a product category standpoint, PCBA remains the largest contributor at around 48% of the 
revenues, reflecting its continued strength across industry segment. It's also encouraging to see 
the Box Build revenue share going up. Others category recorded strong growth supported by 
B2S and value-added offerings. 
 Geographically, the rest of the world continues to account for over 90% of the revenues driven 
by strong demand across four industries we operate. It is expected to remain same in the near 
term. Overall, the Q4 mix reflects a balanced portfolio, increasin g contribution from strategic 
programs and strong overseas demand, which positions us well moving forward. 
===== PAGE 9 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 The next slide is on financial detailed overview. This slide provides a detailed P&L view for the 
quarter. As mentioned earlier, revenue is lower year -on-year due to large order completion in 
FY '25 and moderate uptake from few clients due to West Asia cr isis. However, the quality of 
the revenue significantly improved along with supply chain efficiencies. As a result, we posted 
a healthy double-digit margins at 11.7%. Although it is lower by 174 basis points year-on-year, 
the traction is sustainable and hence, provides more confidence moving into FY '27. 
 With better control in finance charges and benefits from other income, normalized PAT stands 
at INR224 million, a significant growth sequentially, but declined 27.7% year -on-year due to 
strong Q4 FY '25. 
 Next slide, revenue for the year is INR12.6 billion, down 17% year -on-year growth primarily 
impacted by the completion of a large order in the previous year and delayed ramp -ups in key 
programs. Material costs are lower year-on-year, mainly due to improved revenue mix. With the 
revenue contribution from high-margin business increasing, we see this trend sustained. 
 The overall margin in FY '26 have improved within business mix and better supply chain 
efficiencies. Normalized EBITDA stands at 10.3%, 77 bps higher year -on-year. Reported 
EBITDA margin also improved to 10.1%, up 103 basis points. At the bottom line, nor malized 
PAT declined to INR563 million due to operating leverage and onetime costs during the year. 
However, Reported PAT increased by 7.6% to INR733 million, with 5.8% margin, up 133 basis 
points year-on-year. 
 Overall, despite revenue headwinds, FY '26 demonstrate margin resilience, disciplined cost 
management and improving profitability, positioning us well as revenues recover. The slide is 
on EBITDA and PAT walk. The slide explains the bridge from our reporte d to normalized 
margins. The first one-off relates to M&A evaluation expenses amounting to INR17.75 million. 
 We incurred the expense to evaluate a deal that did not go through. The second one is the wage 
impact totaling to INR16.4 million resulting from the new wage code by government of India. 
The third item is the reversal of earn-outs from the earlier M&A deals. All these expense above 
are exceptional in nature and not reflective of normal business. 
 The PAT walk reflects the tax impact of this adjustment as well. The next slide in terms of IPO 
proceeds utilization. As of March 2025, we have fully utilized the IPO proceeds in compliant to 
objects defined during the IPO. We are glad to report that the IPO proceeds are fully utilized and 
the account stands closed. 
 In summary, FY '26 performance. Okay. This brings to me towards the end of the finance 
presentation. Before we move on to Q&A, let me summarize the performance in four key points. 
Order books remain strong with four consecutive quarters of growth in build -to-book ratio of 
greater than 1. Revenue was impacted by FY '25 large order completion, but we are well 
positioned for a strong FY '27 backed by strong order book. 
 Margin remains healthy at double digits with further improvement possible with scale. Fourth, 
industry and product mix are diversified and moving in the right direction, supporting the long-
===== PAGE 10 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
term margin expansion. With this, I'll bring to the close. Thank you for your kind attention, and 
we can move to Q&A from participants. 
Moderator: Thank you very much.  We'll take our first question from the line of V aibhav Mishra from 
Finvestors. Please go ahead.. 
Vaibhav Mishra: Congratulations for the very strong numbers in respect of margins and very good cash flow and 
order book and all, but I think, sir, there is a small basis, we see the Y-o-Y revenue I think in the 
quarter 3 call, we were confident of meeting our revenue Y -o-Y as well. So what could be the 
reason, I think I mean the U.S. tariff or West Asia war or any other reason for that? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: Yes. Vibhav. So first of all, thanks for that. It is a question which is very important for everyone. 
I think the challenge the headwind what we had is one is the West Asia war impact. So because 
of that the materials got delayed, that's usually all our m aterials comes through the European -- 
I mean West Asia in terms of all the fights and all, so they got delayed. And so we got very late 
we got the materials for the quarter to finish it. 
 And we also had other headwinds in terms of the Israelis where we are working some other -- 
some other this programs, defense programs. We could not get some of the approvals, 
clearances, because of -- again, because of West Asia war which is going on the re. And added 
to that, and we also have some of the NPA approvals from our customers. So these are the three 
main reasons where we could not able to meet our commitment what we said in the last investor 
call. 
Vaibhav Mishra: All right, sir. And sir, just -- I mean it is not in the presentation, how much exposure we have in 
West Asia in terms of our supply chain or delivery? And going ahead, we expected very strong 
FY '27. So how is it going to affect our targets or what are the targets that  we have set in terms 
of revenue and margin for FY '27? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: FY '27, I think the revenue, I think we are not giving any other guidance right now on the revenue 
side, but we definitely -- I mean whatever FY '26 has gone by. So that is a year which was not a 
good year for us. I think now FY '27, you'll be starting seeing the growth, year-over-year growth 
we'll be seeing it in all the quarters, four quarters, which is a very strong. I think by looking at 
the order backlog, what we have and also the pipeline which we have currently, so it gives a 
strong reason for us to look for higher growth. 
Moderator: Vibhav. I request you to join back the queue please, as we have participants waiting for their 
turn. Next question is from the line of Sameet Sinha from Macquarie. 
Sameet Sinha: Yes. Thank you very much. I have a couple of questions. So obviously, very strong order book 
growth that sounds promising, but it's not converting into revenue, and I can understand the 
reasons you've provided. But can you give us some sense of how do you define order book and 
backlog? And has that definition stayed consistent over the last few quarters? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: Yes. So when we say order book, so those are the purchase orders which we have got from our 
customers, because only that we will take it where we can take material actions. That's where 
===== PAGE 11 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
we will consider as the order book. We won't take anything which is a TCV and all those, we 
won't take it as a part of our order book. Order book is very clear. 
 It is the purchase orders which are available with us executable in the financial year or beyond 
the financial year. So it is a total order book what we have. But for the year FY '27 order book 
is very, very strong and solid right now. And that's what in terms of order book. Order intake is, 
I think as we said, is only, again, again the POs, what we get from our customers. 
 That only we'll take it as an order intake. It is not anything about -- there is a full TCV of five 
years. So we'll get around $40 million so that we won't take as a part of our order intake. Hope 
I made it clear Sameet. 
Sameet Sinha: Yes, just one question. I think in your slide deck, you had mentioned you're still looking for 
acquisitions, but the IPO proceeds that you used up about 100%. Any thoughts on what structure 
are you thinking about as you look to make acquisitions? 
R. M. Subramanian: RMS here. Let me take that, okay? We continue to look for both organic and inorganic growth. 
And as Cyient DNA, which is we continue to look at opportunistic one. We will look at both 
from an product perspective in terms of what we don't have and geographically, okay? And this 
is our -- in terms of the playbook of what we look for. Based on what comes in our mark et, we 
continue to evaluate it. 
 And depending on the fitment, we will look at it, okay? We looked at sometime in the last 
quarter, but it will not go through. But we continue to look for opportunistically. And as long as 
it fits in our portfolio in terms of growth geographically or produ ct-wise where we don't have 
that expertise, we will look for that, okay? So it depends on opportunities. 
Sameet Sinha: Got it. One final question. In terms of -- you identified some new product areas. You spoke about 
semiconductors, you spoke about AI. It seems like you're getting into more sort of critical 
product segments. Can you spend a minute talking about what produ ct type are you 
contemplating building there and give us a sense of when we should start to see the results of 
those new forays? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: I mean, particularly on the equipment manufacturing for semiconductor equipment 
manufacturings. So we are doing a lot of the power boxes for the customers and a lot of those 
products which goes into the PCBAs, wire harness and the complete integration of those 
machinery, the subassemblies, which goes into that, that is where I think we are focusing today.  
 And we are seeing a lot of traction from the existing customer and also from the new customers 
in semiconductor area, okay? So that's what. And again, on the AI side, as I said, we are 
expanding. That's why I said we are now focusing more on those areas. S o probably we will 
explore more on that and probably come back in the next quarter if you have some update on 
that. 
Moderator: We'll take our next question from the line of Disha from Sapphire Capital. 
===== PAGE 12 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Disha: So sir, you mentioned that some of our revenue was impacted due to the West Asia war. Will it 
be possible for you to quantify the amount that was deferred? And I believe that's the reason our 
inventory has gone up because the shipments didn't go through? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: Yes exactly as [inaudible 0:33:40]. So we have already planned for that. That's what the revenue 
if you have missed there. And that's where I think the inventory which has gone up the DAO 
and the absolute value of the inventory has gone up. That is one of that reasons because of West 
Asia, yes. 
Disha: Sir, can you quantify the amount of revenue that we lost out due to this. Will it be possible? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: No, I think -- yes, I think as I said, there are basically three areas where we have just impacted 
our Q4 revenues. So I think we don't have -- I mean, yes, we have the numbers, probably I think 
we... 
R. M. Subramanian: Maybe I can get in here. We don't want to get into the exact quantification of this stuff. But if 
you look at it, some of them are postponed in terms of pushing into the next quarter, etcetera. 
But what we can broadly say is these are the reasons why there's been a gap between in terms of 
what we expected and what happened. But overall, the way we're ending this quarter is based on 
the order book and what we have on hand, gives us the confidence that we should continue to 
grow quarter-on-quarter. 
Disha: And sir, any color on the order pipeline that we have? And what sort of inflows will we expect 
for FY '27. 
Rajendra Velagapudi: I mean so we are looking at the order book -- I mean the book-to-bill ratio is greater than 1, as 
we said, I think we will be focusing on that. I think we are very, very confident by looking at the 
current order pipeline what we have. So we will be workin g towards that. And probably you'll 
be seeing those order intakes for every quarter, you'll be seeing the positive things going forward, 
okay? Yes. So that's what I think probably we -- I can see on the order intake side. Yes. 
R. M. Subramanian: Just maybe one point to add to what Rajendra said is from an order intake, it's broadly in the 
direction of what we want from a sector perspective. The non -A&D segment is growing, and 
that's the direction we want to go on. And there are some focus new are as of what Rajendra 
talked about. It has a strengthening of that as well. So overall, from directionally, we are happy 
with the way the order book is shaping up, and that gives the confidence for going forward. 
Disha: Okay. All right. And sir, what was the contribution from the BTS segment this quarter? 
R. M. Subramanian: We're not getting into the specifics of section -wise thing. I think BTS is a long -term play. Last 
year, we did not have. This is the first year we are having it. For the first year, it has done well. 
And this will -- in terms of fructification to series o rder and volume production, it will have a  
couple of years down the line is where it will come up. But overall, we are very happy with the 
way the performance has come up. It's better than our expectations, but we should give that 
division a little more time in terms of what we do. But otherwise, it continues to be a profitable 
division. 
===== PAGE 13 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Disha: And we -- so this margins of 10% to 11%, we sort of expect that to sustain going ahead? 
R. M. Subramanian: Yes. Basically, on the margin front, let me try and answer a bit of it. If you look at it, our revenues 
could have been softer, but we've been able to consistently maintain the margins. It's because 
based on the quality of the revenue and the order book w hat we have. Since the current order 
book continues to remain strong, and we are happy about it, we can say that we are confident of 
sustaining it. 
 And if we have the top-up in terms of the growth, the operating leverage impact will start kicking 
in, and we can have something on top of this bit of it, okay? So that's what we are confident 
about in terms of sustaining and performing better as the volume grows. 
Disha: And sir, given the strong order book that we have, can we expect some more like 25% to 50% 
sort of growth for FY '27? Would that be a fair assumption? 
R. M. Subramanian: On revenue guidance, we clear that we will not be giving any guidance on that. But having said 
that, what I can say is Q4 was a good quarter in terms of the growth Q -on-Q and also the order 
book and the visibility what we have gives us the confidence that it will be going to be a strong 
year, which will make probably everybody happy. But I don't want to be getting into the 
numbers, and let's leave it at that. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Adityapal from MSA Capital Partners. 
Adityapal: Great performance on the margin front. Sir, I had two questions on Altek and then on the 
investments that we made on our sales team. So let me start with Altek. Altek historically 
operates in a much shorter book and ship cycle compared to the 18, 24-month gestation that we 
usually see in our stand -alone base. So how do you see this impacting our projected '27 
consolidated revenue? Because there's enough and more cross-sell synergies. So just if you can 
highlight between the growth that we are seeing in stand-alone vis-a-vis Altek? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: Yes. I mean, so Altek, I think as you rightly said, Amit, we usually get it order intake in the same 
year, most of the things getting converted in that year, almost 50%, I can say, get converted. I 
think we are seeing a good -- I mean we also have a good o rder backlog right now available. 
And we also see a lot of pipeline from the existing customers. And also to add to you, I think we 
also added one of the new customers, the synergy customer from t he Cyient DLM stand-alone 
side. 
 Now they also just started working with Altek. We got the first PO there in the last quarter. And 
we'll be seeing more of those tractions happening from the synergy coming in. And with the 
order book which we have plus the pipeline which we have, we are very confident that we'll be 
seeing the growth in Altek business in FY '27. 
Adityapal: Understood. So the growth rate is not -- the growth rate that we're seeing in our order book is 
not explicitly reliant on specific cross-sell synergies. If it happens, it's an addition, correct? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: Correct. Correct. Correct. Exactly, yes. 
===== PAGE 14 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Adityapal: And on the point that you highlighted in your introduction that we've invested in our sales team. 
So when I look at the stand-alone EBITDA margins vis-a-vis the difference between the consol 
and stand-alone, the EBITDA margin has gone down in Q4 specifically. This is purely because 
of our investments that we made in Altek in employee benefit -- in employee expenses, correct? 
R. M. Subramanian: Yes. Let me answer this question. In terms of the average EBITDA margin between the India 
and U.S. business, U.S. business is going to be lower, and that's something which is expected, 
because U.S. manufacturing will have a lower EBITDA margin. So this is  in terms of the 
expected lines. That's point number one. 
 Point number two, overall, Altek and the growth in Altek continues to have a bit of an overhang 
with respect to the tariff overhang still continues to be there. There's no clarity in terms of how 
-- which direction is going, which I think we are all aware of, okay? Overall, the synergy benefits 
in the cross-coordination, there's a little bit of slowness in it. 
 Hopefully, things should settle down and then it will lead to it. And more -- once we have a 
cross-pollination where Indian customers start going through Altek and the U.S. customers start 
moving to India, we will see those benefits. Those benefits have j ust started on a trial basis 
happening, but not in a full fledged. 
 But when that happens, we will have an uptick in the margin. But as of now, none of them is 
factored in. And as you rightly said, the margins are lower, but that's not expected. The more we 
start moving to India and using Altek as the beachhead in terms o f U.S. business is where the 
uptick will come in. But it will take some time and it also dependent clearly on the tariff overhang 
getting cleared, which should happen over the period of time. 
Adityapal: Understood. Understood. Just let me squeeze in one more question. So the question one is on 
the current investment that we made in employee, how much -- in the sales team, how much 
sales can they generate? I mean what is the revenue potential of the sales  team? And then also, 
if you can just help us understand the build to specification, right? 
 Because last couple of quarters back, you had said that mass manufacturing orders at least for 
the four new anchor clients that we had onboarded will start coming in from FY '27, Q3 or Q4. 
And we would see -- we would see actually scaling up in FY '28. Is this still on? Or do you see 
this happening later earlier than expected? If you can just comment on that? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: No, I think as you rightly said, that's what is going to happen. We'll be seeing some uptick in the 
order intake because of this new people who are on board. And we're also adding a few more 
people, where we are in the process right now. And with all that , we are definitely seeing more 
order intake in Q3 and Q4 and beyond, yes, from all these new people coming in. 
Adityapal: Understood. So -- and also in the build specification that you had mentioned last quarter that we 
onboarded four new clients in the defense vertical? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: Absolutely. Yes, you'll be seeing -- you will also seeing the B2S revenues and also on the order 
intake for the next year, yes. 
===== PAGE 15 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Adityapal: So the inflection point will be flag end of FY '27 or more -- or we'll see the v isibility more 
coming in FY '28? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: No, it will be in the flag end of FY '27 and also in FY '28 both, yes. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that management is able to answer queries from all 
participants kindly restrict your questions to two at a time. You may join back in the queue for 
follow-up questions. We also request participants to keep their questions please. 
 Next question is from the line of Harsh Sheth from Pi-Square. 
Harsh Sheth: I just want to understand a bit more about the dip in margins that we saw this quarter. I think 
you answered it previously, but I just wanted to get to know more a bit, because we moved out 
of the aerospace -- sorry, of the defense orders, which should gi ve us higher margins, but we 
saw a dip there. So can you explain a bit more? 
R. M. Subramanian: Yes. From a margin perspective, what I think as we reported, we continue to sustain the double-
digit EBITDA margin, which is our focus on, okay? And in terms of the absolute numbers, okay, 
obviously, there's been a drop in terms of the margins, okay? Moving forward, as we move along 
and if the product mix remains the same, okay, these margins are sustainable in terms of what 
they are doing. 
Harsh Sheth: So could you just go more into the reason for the dip there in the margin -- in the EBITDA 
margins? 
R. M. Subramanian: The EBITDA margins in terms of overall, if we look at it, it's actually improved, okay? 
Harsh Sheth: No, I'm talking about this quarter to be specific. We saw a dip? 
R. M. Subramanian: Yes, that's more reflected on the revenue drop and the operating deleverage impact, because the 
fixed cost continues to remain the same. That's the impact I was talking. 
Harsh Sheth: So, but shouldn't we have seen better margins from not taking up the orders from the defense 
space? That's the reason that we moved out of the space in the first place? 
R. M. Subramanian: That's what I said. At the percentage -- at the absolute level, it has come down and at a percentage 
level, it's improved or maintained. And that's what I explained, which is because of the revenue 
degrowth and operating deleverage impact. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Shashank Jha from SB Capital. Please go ahead.  
Shashank Jha: Yes sir, I have one question which is regarding the order book. So when you say book to build 
order of 1.5, then the order book continues like INR400 crores that we are receiving. So it seems 
that we can do INR1,600 crores plus of revenue in FY '27. So can you confirm something on 
that? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: No, no. I think, see order book whatever is there in that executable order book in this financial 
year. And then I think as I said earlier, the order book whatever we have is maybe 18 months to 
===== PAGE 16 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
22 months, 24 months range, right? So not that everything can be happening only in one financial 
year. 
Shashank Jha: Can you give some number less than -- focus on numbers? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: That's what I said. We are not giving any guidance right now on that in terms of how much of 
the order intake will be converted as a revenue in FY '27. So we are not giving that guidance, 
but probably you'll be seeing that in the next quarters itself, star ting from next quarter itself, 
we'll be seeing that growth. 
Shashank Jha: Okay. And second thing is that like order book pipeline when you say, so can you give me what 
-- how big is the pipeline, some number conservative also will be saying, sir? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: I mean are you talking about the sales pipeline, what we have? 
Shashank Jha: Yes, yes. Order book pipeline that we are negotiating right now or we are seeing for next one 
year? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: I think we have a very good order pipeline right now, as I said, it is closer to $0.5 billion order 
pipeline, which we have today, the sales pipeline where the teams are working out to make those 
things as an order intake. So that's where I think the focu s is going to be in the FY '27 order 
intake targets which we are driving it internally. 
Shashank Jha: And lastly on the margin... 
Moderator: Shashank, I request you to join back in the queue please as we've participants waiting for their 
turn. Next question is from the line of Vipraw Srivastava from PhillipCapital. 
Vipraw Srivastava: Sir, quickly, one line item on the balance sheet, which is contract assets. Can you please explain 
what is that? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: Contract assets is unbilled revenue, which we have, okay? That's more from the B2S thing. Yes. 
Vipraw Srivastava: Okay. Fair enough, sir. And sir, from a working capital perspective, what kind of targets you 
have for this? Do we see further improvements from here on or you expect to maintain the 
current level? 
R. M. Subramanian: Yes. On net working capital, which we talked about is slightly elevated. So we definitely see 
possibilities for improvement, and we're going to continue to work on it, okay? Our target is to 
reach about 100 to 120 in terms of the number of days, but we ha ve some distance to go. 
Maintaining what we call a profitable efficient operations and growing is always a challenge, 
but we continue to do it, and we continue to work on improving it, okay? It will take a couple of 
years, but that's a work in progress. 
Vipraw Srivastava: And the last question from my end. From an aerospace perspective, the company and mainly 
European defense companies as a clientele, are we targeting new geographies, or are we 
continuing to be limited to Europe and Middle East? 
===== PAGE 17 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
R. M. Subramanian: Can you repeat the question, please? 
Moderator: Vipraw, can you use the handset mode, please. 
Vipraw Srivastava: I want to know from an aerospace perspective, we currently have clients in Middle East and 
Europe, Israel, and mainly Rafael and Thales  and all these companies. Do we have plans to 
switch to other clients also or we plan to increase our wallet share with these clients? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: That's what I think earlier RMS also was mentioning that we'll be also focusing more on the 
non-A&D side of the business, which we'll be seeing that -- I think if you look at some of the 
order pipeline what we have. So that's where I think it gives a strong this thing to us saying that, 
yes, we'll be seeing more of the non -A&D along with the A&D growth, whatever we have the 
pipeline will be continuing. But yes, not that because of whatever is happening today in West 
Asia or in other areas, but we see a traction definitely in the non -A&D, and we'll continue that 
along with the A&D growth. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Ritvik Agrawal from 3P Investment Manager. 
Ritvik Agrawal: So I wanted to ask two questions. One was on the directions on margin in the future years. And 
on the areas of growth, where do we see growth coming from in terms of revenue and order 
book? And secondly, we have had some days in the quarter. So like durin g the wars, are we 
seeing any positive commentary from the Israeli defense customers? 
R. M. Subramanian: I'll take the questions on the margins. Okay. So in terms of the margins, we are confident of 
sustaining the margins moving forward. This is based on the order book in terms of customers 
of what we have. With the current mix, we can continue to maintain. And with the growing 
volumes, there will be a couple of basis points improvement with respect to the operating 
leverage impact, which is on the positive side, okay? That's what we will continue to aim for in 
the next year. In terms of the business growth... 
Rajendra Velagapudi: Yes, as I said, I think -- I mean, if I can answer your last point in terms of the defense side or 
Israeli business side, I think we'll be seeing a lot of traction there, which we are seeing it right 
now. There are a lot of RFPs in the pipeline, which we are working out currently. And we'll be 
seeing more of the order pipeline and the order intake coming from the Israeli customers. 
 And we see the growth not only from that one area, but we have even from existing customers 
both in aerospace, non -aerospace and also the new verticals, electric vehicles where we are 
focusing, we are seeing a lot of traction in that one. So we'll be seein g more of the revenues 
growth coming from those areas, too. 
Moderator: Our next question is from the line of Deepak from Unifi Capital. 
Deepak: Sir, firstly, if you can cover the geopolitical aspect. See, U.S. is a big portion of our revenues. 
So with the reduced tariffs, have we seen any pickup in the demand and order book? That is one. 
And also the West Asia crisis, how much -- I didn't underst and how much proportion of our 
revenues is coming from the Israeli client? 
===== PAGE 18 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
 And I'm assuming he would have not given you the delivery time line yet, because nobody 
knows when the war ends. But on the freight aspect, are you able to read out from other lines or 
other modes of transport that you're getting the supplies for your raw material that you 
elaborated. So on these two fronts, I wanted your clarity? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: Okay. So yes, sure, definitely, Deepak. On the tariff side, yes, there is slightly -- there was some 
mis-clarity, but still the cloud has not gone away, correct? I think so I mean we still don't know. 
But the customers are still waiting. We are seeing some opportunities coming right now asking 
us for submission of the courts, but it was not what we were having in the past. But I think 
probably we can just clear that cloud probably the next one quarter or so, once we get full clarity 
from the U.S. tariffs. Okay? 
 But otherwise, yes, but to your question, yes, we are seeing the new opportunities coming in 
right now. And the second one on the West Asia, it is not that it is only from one region there 
where we could not able to make the revenue. It is mainly the supply chain where we are getting 
it through the cargo. 
 I think all the cargo comes either from Dubai or I just think Doha. So that's where I think we had 
a lot of challenges in getting the materials. It is not that our final goods are only for the customers 
there in the UAE region. Okay, it is not for that. It  is basically for all the customers where we 
have got impacted because of not getting the materials on time. 
Deepak: And on this aspect, are you able to fix this issue? Has there been any solution to it that you found, 
which gives you a good visibility going forward? And yes, you can answer this, then I have 
another question. 
Rajendra Velagapudi: Yes, I think, see we are taking actions wherever we see the impact now. I think that's where our 
inventory also has gone up because of the materials where we have some partial materials, and 
we are working to ensure that we get the material. And also as Krishna said, there are also some 
challenges in terms of the lead times gone up for the memories, correct? 
 So those are the things where we have some impact of the inventories. And we are -- so now if 
you ask me about some of the actions, we have already ordered the materials for a long -- for 
entire FY '27, particularly for the critical items, where there are long lead items we already 
placed the orders. So we are ensuring that. At least it will ensure that we will meet our 
commitments for FY '27. 
Deepak: Understood. Sir one more question I had... 
Moderator: Deepak I request you to join back in the queue, please, as we have participants waiting for their 
turn. Next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from PL Capital. 
Praveen Sahay: Sir, my question related to the order book is first one is, is there any order from the associate 
companies of a client you have? And how is the mix of the geography in your order book? 
Because highlighting the RM delay or the Israel defense orders, these which has impacted your 
revenue. So is these orders also in the near terms expected to get a delay in execution? 
===== PAGE 19 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Rajendra Velagapudi: So I think to your initial first question. So we don't have any intercompany orders, okay? It is all 
from the customer orders, whatever we have today with us. All order books are from our 
customers, not from any intercompany. And second thing is, yes, I think in terms of -- you said 
about, second question. Sorry, what is the other one, second question? 
Praveen Sahay: RM delay which has impacted your revenue and the second Israel's defense orders. So you have 
an order book, such kind of order books you have already. So in the near term, we may see 
execution challenges of your order book because of these? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: Yes, see now today, what happened, whatever something whatever revenue we missed in the 
Q4, now that has just moved into the Q1, some of the revenue has come into the Q1, correct, 
where we'll be working. So that way you'll be seeing some of the right shift. And probably once 
the issues get settled down, probably I think everything will come online, on track. 
Praveen Sahay: And last question on the margin, that's gross margin. So your gross margin, if I look at on the 
sequential basis, there is a contraction, and that's definitely because of the memory or the RM 
electronics ability and all. So how you are seeing this gross m argin movement in the coming 
quarters or even '27 considering such kind of a challenges to continue? 
R. M. Subramanian: So let me take this question. Gross margin, no, it's not seen as a huge movement. A couple of 
basis point movement has happened. It's a reflection of product mix in terms of what we 
manufacture quarter-on-quarter. It's not going to be uniform right. That's point number one. 
 And point number two, there are also near -term factors of what the supply chain and the 
disruption and a few things like that. So it's a combination of both. Hopefully, our target in the 
long run is to maintain the EBITDA at the double-digit level and in terms of what we are doing, 
okay? That's what we do. There will be a bit of volatility between all of this for the reasons I 
said. But hopefully, we'll be able to -- we have been able to manage and sustain the margin, and 
that's what we will aim to do in the long run. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Kiran from TableTree Capital. 
Kiran: Two-part question. One, other expenses have significantly gone up this year, even this quarter, 
despite the year-on-year, despite the significant drop in revenue, our other expenses have gone 
from INR29 crores to INR44 crores. Q3 was the same. So -- and this is obviously disturbing our 
EBITDA margins quite significantly. So what accounts for these other expense increases despite 
severe degrowth in revenue? 
R. M. Subramanian: Yes. In terms of the other expenses, what you're seeing is a mix of both U.S. and India operations 
all put together, what you're seeing. And moving forward, once we see the revenue growth, okay, 
the other expenses in terms of -- will have the operating le verage effect of -- it's going to be 
broadly fixed. So that's how -- and we'll keep a tab on in terms of what we do with that part. 
Kiran: Sorry, sir, it's not clear at all. I mean your voice was clear, but your answer is not clear. 
R. M. Subramanian: What I'm saying is the other expenses is a mix of both the India and U.S. operations put together, 
okay? And there are -- as we move forward and when the volume picks up, this item specifically 
===== PAGE 20 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
will have in terms of the fixed in nature. So you will have the operating leverage impact. But 
what you are seeing is the volume as a percentage has gone up. Hopefully, as we move forward, 
this will be under control. 
Kiran: Got it. Second question is, in Q3, I guess, Krishna sir, did speak about 25% year-on-year growth 
next year in FY '27. So if I just do rough numbers, again, I'm not looking for exact numbers, 
we'll end up at around INR1,600 crores revenue next year if you do a 25% growth roughly. And 
our remaining order book will be INR800 crores and year -on-year, we'll add like quarter -on-
quarter INR500 crores, so INR2,000 crores. So are we really -- I mean, despite all other 
competition increasing their order books at 40% and similar spaces, right, defense, aerospace, 
industrial, medical, quite a few competitors are there? 
 There seems to be some structural -- is there a structural issue why we are not able to grow? 
Altek acquisition didn't go according to plan when I say because you reverse the earnouts, right? 
So that tells that it was not according to expectations. We are  not growing our order book by 
35%, 40% like the rest of the company who cater to industrial, medical, aerospace and defense 
and not even in consumer, right? Is there anything structural that we are seeing a problem within 
the organization? Or is there some industry issue? Or is it a West Asia exposure issue? 
 Just not clear around the strategy of what we are saying, sir. I mean similar numbers, EBITDA, 
double-digit EBITDA margin, all that is taken, but there seems to be something missing in the 
entire discover, for which we as investors are not able to understand? 
Rajendra Velagapudi: Very good question from your side. So I really appreciate that. See, so if you can look at it, the 
investments what we have just made in terms of our sales teams. So we just started. I think we 
have a few people on board. As I said, we are still getting s ome more people in this quarter. So 
I think those are the things which probably gives us a good order intake and also the new 
pipelines coming up to us. 
 So there is no structural challenges, anything in the organization because we are running the 
business for several years. So we have not seen any of those challenges. So it is predominantly 
having the right people there on the ground, so that we can get the new orders and go to the new 
customers and acquire them. So I think as we said about the growth percentages, I think we'll be 
within the ballpark range here for the next financial year for the FY '27, and we are very 
confident on that one. 
Krishna Bodanapu: Just to add to what Rajendra said, I think we did have a challenge in order intake in FY '25, and 
that's why we had to make some changes in the organization. That has translated to the order 
increase in FY '26. If you look at our order intake increase, I mean, you mentioned competition 
at 35%, 40%. 
 We are also at that percentage between FY '25 and '26. So yes, I mean, extrapolating that, yes, 
we did have a problem in '25 in order intake, which translated to obviously the revenue that 
you're seeing in '26. But the fact that we are at competition or ev en I would argue higher than 
competition in '26 should translate or will translate, sorry, into a very strong FY '27. 
===== PAGE 21 of 21 | concalls/Concall_Apr_2026_Transcript.pdf =====
      Cyient DLM Limited 
  April 21, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as a last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Krishna Bodanapu for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Krishna Bodanapu: Thank you very much, and thanks, everybody, for joining today for this investor call. Obviously, 
we've talked about a lot, but I'll just say thank you for the very insightful questions and thank 
you for also giving us some food for thought on where we sho uld be looking at and what we 
should consider. 
 Like I said, it was a good start to the year given that we're coming off a very, very strong order 
book. So I'm confident that we will have a strong FY '27. Thank you for your support, and we'll 
again speak next quarter. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Cyient DLM Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 