[[PAGE 1]]
 
 
 
Date: February 03, 2026 
 
To,  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: SYRMA 
 
Department of Corporate Service 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543573 
 
Subject: Earnings Call transcript  of the Investor Conference held for the un audited Financial 
Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the Company for the quarter and nine months  ended 
December 31, 2025. 
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  Regulations, 
2015, please find attached the Transcript in respect to the Earning Conference Call on  the unaudited 
Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2025, held on Friday, January 30, 2026, at 10:30 AM (IST).  
 
The transcript of the conference call will also be accessed at the website of the Company at  
https://www.syrmasgs.com/investor-relations/   
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
For Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
 
 
 
 
Bhabagrahi Pradhan  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No: F4921 
Place: Gurgaon  
 
 
ENCL: as above. 
 
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: M R. J. S. GUJRAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – SYRMA 
SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 M R. JAYESH DOSHI – DIRECTOR – SYRMA SGS 
TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 M R. SATENDRA SINGH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
SYRMA SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 M R. BIJAY AGRAWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SYRMA SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 M R. NIKHIL GUPTA – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
SYRMA SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
MODERATOR: M R. NIKHIL KANDOI -- AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Syrma SGS Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikhil Kandoi from Axis Capital Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Nikhil Kandoi: Thank you, Iqra. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Axis, I welcome you all to Q3 FY '26 
earnings con call of Syrma SGS Technology Limited. We have with us the entire management 
of the company. 
At this time, I will hand over the floor to Mr. Nikhil Gupta, Head of Investor Relations of 
Syrma to take the proceeding forward. Thank you. 
Nikhil Gupta: Yes. Thank you, Nikhil. A very good morning to everyone. Welcome to Syrma SGS Third 
Quarter Financial Year 2026 Earnings Call. We have with us today, Mr. J. S. Gujral, Managing 
Director; Mr. Jayesh Doshi, Director; Mr. Satendra Singh, Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. 
Bijay Agrawal, Chief Financial Officer, Syrma SGS to discuss the performance of the company 
during the third quarter of the financial year 2026 followed by detailed question and answer 
session. 
 Kindly note during this call, certain statements that we make are forward-looking, which 
involve several risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that can cause results to 
differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. We request you to kindly refer 
to the disclaimer statements as presented in the earnings release for the same. 
 With this, I now hand over the call to Mr. J.S. Gujral, Managing Director, for his opening 
remarks on the performance. Thank you. 
J.S. Gujral: Thank you, Nikhil. Ladies and gentlemen, a very good morning, and welcome to Syrma SGS 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Call. The last 3 months have been good and exciting. And I'm happy to 
share that the company has posted robust performance on all parameters. 
 If we look at the sales, my Q3 sales have gone up by 45% compared to last Q3 of FY '25. 
EBITDA has shown a very healthy growth of 101%, up from INR79 crores to INR159 crores. 
PBT and PAT have also registered corresponding good growth of about 108%. One of the 
important features of this quarter was a 66% growth in my exports, up from INR202 crores to 
INR335 crores between Q3 FY '25 and Q3 FY '26. 
 So, if I sort of scan the 9-month performance, again, we find that the performance is in line 
with what we had guided and in fact, better on some of the parameters. We have achieved in 9 
months revenue of about INR3,350-odd crores with operating EBITDA of INR370 crores, up 
from INR208 crores; a PBT of INR295 crores, up from INR146 crores; a PAT of INR227 
crores, up from INR113 crores; and export up by 45% from INR576 crores to INR837 crores. 
[[PAGE 4]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 Going into some of our bit granular detail, what is satisfying and gives us confidence of 
maintaining this tempo of performance is almost a secular growth across all verticals -- all the 
sort of 4 cylinders of firing, the auto has grown by a robust margin of growth of 30%, med-
tech by 31%, industrial by 29%, IT/railways because the base was very low, it has shown a 
robust performance of 70% growth. 
 So, this gives us the confidence that going forward, we would be able to achieve the guided 
figures and maybe exceed on the margin front. When we started off this year, we had guided a 
margin of 8%, EBITDA margin of 8%, which was revised to 9%. 
 And now we are confident that we should be able to deliver INR500 crores plus of EBITDA, 
up from INR324 crores of last year, which would translate into a 55%, 57% growth against a 
targeted growth of 30%, which we had guided. 
 Going forward, in the coming year, we believe that we are well poised to take sort of capitalize 
on the emerging opportunities and grow healthy growth rate across all verticals, such that we 
would be able to deliver a 30% growth rate in the coming year also. 
 One of factors which we should keep in mind is that this performance has been under sort of 
the so-called cloud of tariff uncertainties from USA. We have been hoping for the last quarter 
on 4, 5 months that it would settle. We are still very hopeful that in this quarter, this sort of 
thing that the tariff uncertainty should be out of our way. When I say over, it also applies to 
the entire industry. 
 One very positive thing which has happened a couple of days back is the signing of the EU -- 
FTA with the EU Union. And this -- in the long run, not in the short run, not maybe in '26, '27, 
but in the long run, I think it bodes very well for the electronic industry in 2 ways.  Some of 
the end equipment’s, which were attracting duties, have been rationalized or brought down to 
zero or very low duties, which would enable export of end products from India, automobile as 
a case. 
 Now if automobiles are exported, the electronics which go into the automobiles, we are there 
to service that. And for us, it creates a broad ecosystem and an environment, a positive 
environment that going forward, the trade with EU would see a uprise. 
 We are very strong in EU. We have been exporting for the last 30 years. We have a plant in 
Germany. So, I believe that in the long run, this thing, the FTA would help us in sustaining the 
growth of our exports, which, as I just shared, have grown by 45% over 9 months. And I expect 
that we should be able to cross the INR1,000 crores, maybe close to INR1,100 crores in the 
coming year. We're already sitting at INR837 crores of exports. 
 On the domestic front, we -- the industries which we service are seeing robust growth, and I 
expect the growth to continue in the coming year also. As far as the new verticals of projects 
are concerned, our PCB project is on track. 
 The construction has started, and we expect the construction to be completed by about June, 
July. Parallelly, the equipment’s are being ordered, and we are on track to start the trial 
[[PAGE 5]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
production by December 26, January, March '27 quarter so that we have a first 1 year of sales 
from the capacity which we are creating this year. 
 Further capacities will be created based on the demand, which we believe would be very good 
and  we believe that the additional capacities which we have planned should come in sooner 
than later. We are sort of expanding our footprint in Pune, expansion of capacity in Pune. 
 We have acquired Elcome. The deal has been closed, and we expect that, going forward, the 
defence vertical would contribute to the bottom line more and to the top line as a proportionate 
figure, a little lower because it will be about 5%, 6% of overall revenue. 
 On a whole, I think it's been a very satisfying 9 months on the financial parameters, 
performance, delivery, everything. One soft thing which we believe is of a very great 
significance for our company and the country is that we have got the gold rating from EcoVadis 
which is the ESG compliance, and we are now rated among the top 5% companies globally. 
 Last year, it was a bronze rating. So, we have qualified from bronze to gold. Some of those 
customers are in platinum. So, I think the journey is on, and we'll endeavour to do that. 
 With that, I hand over to Bijay to run you through with the detailed number crunching. But 
overall, I think the team has done very well, and we are happy that we are on track and are 
delivering what we have guided this year. Thank you. 
Bijay Agrawal: Thank you, sir. Good morning, everyone. I'll now take you through our brief financial 
performance for the quarter and 9 months ended December 2025. I can start with the update 
on Elcome first. During the quarter, we consummated the deal, sometime around mid of 
December.  
 So, for about 15-16 days, we have been able to include ELcome P&L performance into our 
consolidated financials for the quarter. Considering the same, our overall total consolidated 
revenue for the quarter is INR1,274 crores as against INR891 crores corresponding quarter 
previously last year, registering a 43% growth year-on-year basis. 
 Our total revenue for the 9 months is approximately INR3380 crores, which is again 17% 
growth on a year-on-year basis. The robust growth for the period is contributed by higher 
growth in auto, industrial, healthcare and mainly export business. The consumer sector 
business for the quarter is approximately 31%, which is in line with our previous guidance. 
Our export revenue for the quarter is approximately INR335 crores, highest ever per quarter, 
which has grown by 65% on a year-on-year basis. 
 And for the 9 months, it is around INR837 crores, which is again 45% growth year-on-year 
basis. Overall export business mix is approximately 25% for the entire 9-month period, which 
was about 22.5% for last financial year. So, we can see overall export has improved by almost 
250 bps in the overall revenues. Our ODM revenue for the quarter is approximately 16%. 
 Coming to gross margin. Gross margin for the quarter is 27.4% as against 26% for Q3 of last 
year. The margin improvement is mainly led by our export, higher export mix, higher ODM, 
[[PAGE 6]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
higher industrial and healthcare business and also lower consumer and IT, which is a relatively 
lower gross margin business. We  continue to focus our efforts on our operational efficiency 
improvement further to improve margins. 
 Our operating EBITDA for the quarter stood at healthy INR159 crores with a year-on-year 
growth of 101% and an operating EBITDA margin of 12.6%. The current quarter consolidated 
EBITDA also includes INR12 crore from Elcome consolidation. So, excluding Elcome and 
apple-to-apple basis increased INR147 crores. 
 Our 9-month operating EBITDA is approximately INR370 crores, which has grown by 78% 
year-on-year basis, and 9-month operating EBITDA margin is approximately 11%. PBT for 
the quarter is INR138 crores. And for the 9 months, it is INR295 crores, which has grown again 
by 105% on a year-on-year basis. PBT margin for the 9-month period is 8.7%. 
 Coming to PAT performance. PAT for the quarter is INR110 crores, which has again grown 
by 108% year-on-year. PAT margin was 8.7% for the quarter. Similarly, for the 9-month 
period, PAT is INR227 crores with INR100 growth on a Y-o-Y basis. 
 Overall, net working capital days investment as of December end, we are running the business 
at around 76 days of net working capital days investments. These numbers also include 
consolidation of Elcome. So, if we remove it to make it apple-to-apple, net working capital 
investment is 68 days, which is 5 days lower than the previous quarter. 
 So that much of efficiency we were able to bring in during the quarter. And considering the 
same overall operating cash flow for the entire 9-month period is now positive for the company. 
We again continue to focus on reduction of net working capital days by another maybe 3 to 5 
days over the next 2 to 3 quarters. 
 Moving to our debt position. We have a total gross debt of INR529 crores as on December 
end. And as again saying, we are carrying a healthy treasury balance of INR933 crores. With 
this, we have a net cash position of INR404 crores as on December 8. Turning to capex spend. 
It is all on track. We have been able to spend around INR55 crores during the quarter. And for 
the entire 9 months, it is approximately INR115. 
 Coming to ROCE performance, ROCE for the quarter is approximately 16% on an adjusted 
basis when we adjusted for the goodwill and unutilized IPO money. We expect this to improve 
further up for the year when we are able to pay the full P&L benefit -- full period related full 
benefit of Elcome because as of now, Elcome has already included into the capital employed, 
but returns should also include it for that going forward. 
 Our order book visibility as of December end is approximately INR6,400 crores, which 
includes auto sector related approximately 31%; consumer business, about 25%; industrial 
business, 27%; and balance in healthcare, IT/railways. Just an update on the merger. We have 
already concluded the merger. Syrma SGS merger is all done, and now we are reporting only 
SGS is already merged in Syrma, so there is nothing pending on that side. 
 Once again, we continue to focus on high-margin verticals, operational efficiency 
[[PAGE 7]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
improvement, improving the overall working capital investment and thereby improving the 
overall operating cash flow. 
 That is all and thank you very much. I will now hand it over to Satendra Singh, our CEO. 
Satendra Singh: Thanks, Bijay. And good morning from my side. I think we had an excellent quarter as already 
summed up by Mr. Gujral and Bijay in their remarks with numbers. I couldn't be happy. 
 I think this is a combination of all the efforts made by our team across the plants, across all 
support functions, and most importantly, the customers. We have a very healthy strong 
pipeline, and we are looking forward to exciting times ahead. Our factories are getting busier, 
as Mr. Gujral alluded to, in his remarks. We have seen utilization improvement between quarter 
2 to quarter 3, almost 5% up. And that would mean -- and that we are very closely watching 
for expansion of capacities. 
 Last quarter, I had commented that we are building a factory in Bangalore. That's on track, and 
we are looking forward to more capacity enhancements in this year, which will obviously be 
required and the right structure to meet the exciting growth ahead. Strategy-wise, we remain 
very focused. We are working basis what we always believed in and what we continue to 
execute on. 
 First things first, customer. We're listening to the customers very, very carefully, working with 
them, walking the walk and ensuring that we are ready as and when they want us to be ready 
with the capacities, with the systems, with the competencies needed to support their business. 
 We have continued focus on the segments, which we always talk about, auto, industrial, 
medical, railways. We are continuing to build our capabilities. I think last week also brought 
in an interesting news to the trade and manufacturing ecosystem, which is the Europe-India 
deal. 
 I think that's as the newspapers call it mother of all deals, I would kind of believe that this is 
going to be a significant impact on the way businesses are growing. It definitely will bring 
strong tailwinds to Indian electronics companies. And we, as Syrma SGS, have been in 
European market for more than 2 decades. And we have been physically present for almost a 
decade via our factory and engineering presence in Stuttgart. We are looking forward to 
building on that to ensure that our export growth, which already Bijay said, we grew almost 
45% year-on-year. We are looking forward to using our position there, our knowledge of the 
market to ensure that we have solid growth. 
 Last but not the least, I think we continue to be a business which is keeping -- doing all the 
right things required for the planet, and that's reflected in our EcoVadis rating moving from 
bronze to gold. There is clearly way ahead. Our endeavour would be to get to platinum, but the 
best -- the good part is that we are on the right track. 
With this, I'll turn it back to Nikhil and thank you very much. Looking forward to exciting 
times together. Nikhil, over to you. 
[[PAGE 8]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Nikhil Gupta: Thank you, Satendra. Over to you, Iqra, for getting into the Q&A session. 
Moderator: The first question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited. 
Sumant Kumar: So, my question is for consumer. We have seen a swing of INR116 crores in this quarter and 
also in industrial, INR120 crores. So, I understand industrial is majorly driven by the smart 
meter. 
 So -- but can you talk on consumer side, what is leading this kind of growth because we have 
focused on high-value, high-margin business for consumer, what we have discussed earlier? 
That is number one. Number two, what other subsegment is driving industry? 
Bijay Agrawal:So, we have done approximately INR390 crores in this quarter, while it was INR365 crores in the previous 
quarter. So, there is a growth of approximately INR23 crores, INR24 crores over the last 
quarter. 
 And this is, again, mainly largely driven by telecom business, which we are doing, the set-top 
boxes, GPON, IDU, ODU, that is one last thing. Additionally, the consumer sector-driven 
ODM business, what we are doing is like water purification and maybe some bit of RFID tags, 
and consumer end use, those are the products which we are doing in the consumer segment. 
J.S. Gujral: You see end of the day, when we started off this year, we had said that we would like our 
consumer sort of basket to be about 31% -- 30%, 31% of our revenue. And for this quarter, it 
is at about 30%. And even if I say for the whole year, it is at about 32% of the total sale. 
 So, I think we are on track. The industrial is driven by -- across the sort of applications, 
including exports. It's not purely driven by the energy metering, which is our domestic 
business, but by growth in my exports, my exports predominantly are in med-tech and 
industrial with a component of automotive also, which is touching around INR100 crores. 
 So, it's the business growth across verticals and within verticals across applications. That's 
what is, I think, the strength and satisfaction, which we derive when we see the quality of 
growth that it is not driven by 1 leg, all the cylinders are firing. And within the -- within each 
vertical, the different applications are also growing secularly with marginal variations. Some 
will grow faster; some will be at a slightly lower clip than the fastest one. 
Sumant Kumar: So can you talk on the industrial side. What is the smart meter contribution of overall industrial 
in Q3? And also, in IT and railways, what is the mix of railway in IT and railway in this quarter? 
Bijay Agrawal: In this IT and railways during the quarter, we have done approximately INR82 crores, of which 
railways is only INR17 crores, INR18 crores, and balance is IT. And similarly in the industrial 
breakup, smart metering is less than INR50 crores for the quarter here. 
Sumant Kumar: How much? 
Bijay Agrawal: Around INR50 crores. 
[[PAGE 9]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Sumant Kumar: Smart meter? 
J.S. Gujral: Yes. 
Sumant Kumar: So, in industrial, we have a higher proportion of telecom? 
J.S. Gujral: No, no. Not in exports, other applications. 
Industrial has power supplies, it has exports. It has the metering. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sameet Sinha from Macquarie Capital. 
Sameet Sinha: Yes. So good performance here. So, if I'm looking at your full year guidance, 30%, 35% year-
over-year growth requires -- so fourth quarter, you're assuming it implies about INR300 crores 
to INR500 crores sequential growth. 
 How -- can you help us get there because that's a pretty sequent strong year-over-year 
acceleration that's required. Of course, Elcome will contribute. How much is Elemaster closing 
included in guidance? And then I have a follow-up question. 
J.S. Gujral: Okay. Now if you see the quarter-on-quarter performance, Q1, we had a negative revenue 
growth of 19%. Q2, we did 37-odd percent positive growth. So, from a negative 19% -- 18%, 
19% to 37%, it means implies whatever the growth is. 
 And in Q3, this 37% has grown up to 44% or 45%. Q4 going forward, we are confident that 
we should be able to grow sequential or sequential target, which we did about INR1,264 crores, 
we should be able to grow this figure by about INR1,600 crores plus such that we should be 
sitting at anything between INR4,850 crores, INR4,900 crores to INR5,000 crores. That's the 
range. But to me, the revenue figures are very important, but more important is the EBITDA. 
I think we started off the year with a guidance of INR400 crores of EBITDA. 
 We are already sitting at INR370 crores in 9 months. Even if I exclude the INR12 crores of 
EBITDA, which has been consolidated, it means INR358 crores. I'm very confident that we 
should be able to cross the INR500 crore mark of EBITDA for the full year. 
 If INR500 crores, we do that it's almost like 58-odd percent increase over the previous year. 
And it would have a similar positive increase in the PAT. Once the PAT goes up, it will have 
a similar positive impact on my EPS. So, I think on the finer points of performance, I think we 
are delivering or exceeding what we had committed to The Street. 
Bijay Agrawal: Just to add here, we are not expecting any revenue from Elemaster JV in the fourth quarter. 
And also, Elcome related, we are expecting INR100 crores to INR120 crores of revenue in the 
quarter 4. That would be included in there. Simultaneously, we are also expecting healthcare 
higher number in the next quarter as it is always a much more year loaded business in any year. 
Sameet Sinha: So, then-- it seems like you have pretty high visibility into '27 as well. Can you help us think 
about some of these segments and key drivers are? And if you can brackets sort of growth rates 
for each of these segments, that would be helpful. 
[[PAGE 10]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
J.S. Gujral: As I just shared that if I see my 9-month performance or my sort of 3 months performance, all 
my major verticals are growing at a pace of 30-plus percent. 
 Railways and IT because of a lower base growth at about 70-odd percent. I expect this secular 
growth among verticals to continue. Some may grow mild, some may grow at 35%, some may 
grow at 28%. But on an overall basis, we believe that we are in a position to deliver a 30% 
growth on top line and on EBITDA in the coming year -- in the coming year '26, '27. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sonali S. from Jefferies. 
Sonali S.: Many congratulations for such a wonderful result to you, Mr. Gujral, Mr. Bijay and the team. 
So, my first question is margin trajectory has been really strong this quarter. 
 Bijay, you did talk about the levers for that. But just wanted to get in a little more detail because 
if I look at the product mix in Q3 FY '26 versus Q3 FY '25, I mean consumer autos were 
broadly in and around the same percentage of sales as they are right now.  So keen to 
understand what led to this excellent margin and the sustainability of the same? 
J.S. Gujral: See, we don't -- as we have all the time been saying, we don't concentrate or point on quarter-
on-quarter margins. So even if you recall, my Q4 of last year was -- I think it was about 12% 
EBITDA margin, Q4 of last year. And this time, it is in Q3. 
 So, let's not say that Q3 becomes the base for future projections. What we are saying is that we 
guide a 30% growth in absolute EBITDA, which translates into a 10% EBITDA margin going 
forward. 
 What drove the margins in Q3 is my export performance. Export is a very high-margin 
business, and it has grown by 66%, compared to Q3 of last year. So, in exports, we are up from 
INR202 crores to INR335 crores. This INR135 crores additional sales results in a 
comparatively very high contribution towards EBITDA. 
 Similarly, if I see my performance on industrial, my industrial is 31% in quarter 3, grown 46% 
over corresponding period of last year. So, these high-margin verticals where the growth has 
come this quarter has resulted in 12-odd percent EBITDA. Going forward, we guide that we 
should be able to deliver a blended EBITDA margin of 10% for the next year. 
Bijay Agrawal: Just to add, Sonali, here, you are right. The overall business mix is exactly the same as it was 
in Q3 of FY '25. So that is where when you see gross margin level, overall improvement is 
only 1% because of the better margin controls or maybe some bit of procurement efficiencies. 
 And the larger part of savings is coming because of the scale improvement versus Q3 of FY 
'25, there's a 45% of the scale improvement, which is also helping us in the operating leverage 
improvement. That is where the overall EBITDA margin increase is 3.5% versus Q3 of FY 
'25. 
Sonali S.: Got it. Very clear. And just one last question for the PCB manufacturer we had set out the 
overall capex estimate to about INR15 billion. How should we look at the per annum capex 
[[PAGE 11]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
guidance considering that we'll be doing this capex in phases? So, is about INR3 billion per 
annum a fair number to go by in FY '26, '27? 
J.S. Gujral: Okay. So, in the first phase, which would be completed by December '26 or '26, '27, we should 
be spending approximately INR360 crores to INR400 crores, which would give us capacity of 
720,000 square meters of multiyear line and 480,000 square meters of single layer PCBs. 
 The facility, which is being created is to accommodate 2 additional multilayer lines. So, the 
civil and the infrastructure, which we are creating, the attendant utilities and all that, they are 
all geared up for my full 3 ML and 1 single layer line. I personally believe that the stuffing of 
the multilayer lines, additional multilayer lines, would be sooner than what we had envisaged. 
We had envisaged that the second and the third line would come towards end of calendar '27 
or beginning of FY '27, '28. 
 I think it would be preponed because the traction or the inquiries or the interest which we are 
receiving from potential customers is very strong. So, this year, it is about INR360 crores to 
INR400 crores. And next year, I think, on the PCB for this would be approximately the same 
amount and purely dependent on demand. 
 As far as the INR1,500 crores, you said that also included CCL and HDI and Flex. We are yet 
to receive the approvals of the government because we had also planned starting of those 
projects in '27, '28. 
Bijay Agrawal: Overall, the INR1,500 crores, we want to -- we are planning to spend that by FY '30. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from PL Capital. 
Praveen Sahay: Many congratulations for a very good set of numbers. My first question is related to the export. 
Because last year, I can see that the U.S. contribution for the export were on the higher side, 
and now even after a lot of fluctuation because of a tariff, you are doing very good in the export 
as well. 
 So, can you give some geographical indication from where you are getting growth? As you 
have already highlighted, industrial contribution in the export is the higher. And also, is that 
the Elcome contribution into export is also there? 
J.S. Gujral: No. Elcome is all domestic consumption, in domestic sales, so it was not included in the export. 
The export, which, for the 9 months, stands at INR837 crores versus last full year exports of 
about INR858 crores or INR860 crores. These exports have primarily been driven by my robust 
growth in the industrial exports and also med-tech and healthcare. Healthcare is pre-eminently 
to U.S.A. and others are primarily to EU. Breakup-wise, you have the... 
Bijay Agrawal: So, breakup while during the quarter, we have done almost INR103 crores on the healthcare 
side and about INR178 crores on the industrial side, out of the total INR335 crores. 
Praveen Sahay: Geographical also if you can... 
J.S. Gujral: Sorry. 
[[PAGE 12]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Praveen Sahay: Geographical bifurcation, if you can give for 9 months. 
Bijay Agrawal: 5% is U.S. and 35% is Europe. Our industrial is largely 90% is Europe. 
J.S. Gujral: See my med-tech business is pre-eminently going to USA. My RFID and EMS business is 
directed towards EU and maybe Mexico. And something to that. Geography-wise, I don't have 
the figures off and we'll have to sort of work out. But I think it should be maybe 55%, 45%, 
but I have to work on the figures. 
Praveen Sahay: All right. Sir, any number on PLI for a quarter and 9 months, if you can share? 
Bijay Agrawal: PLI annualized number for any year is near about INR30 crores, INR32 crores for us, right? 
That's what is coming in the normal business. 
J.S. Gujral: And there are no abnormal variation quarter-on-quarter. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Tanay Shah from DAM Capital. 
Tanay Shah: Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is if you could possibly 
spend just a couple of minutes on all the newer initiatives especially the defence acquisition 
since it's consummated in our numbers. 
 And if you can just give some direction on where we want to take this business in terms of 
revenues, how it's going to sort of be accretive to our margin profile? And what sort of return 
ratios does it enjoy? So, one is on defence. 
 And second is if you can possibly just for the bare PCB project, indicate what kind of 
applications we are sort of aiming at. Will it be more industrial? Auto? What are the segments 
that you're looking at? And what would the indicative margin profile be on basis of current 
projections for the bare PCB plant? 
J.S. Gujral: Okay. Now on Elcome, we just acquired it. And this year, we believe that it will account for 
approximately maybe about Elcome as an entity, I'm not talking of what it will be consolidated 
into because of the previous 9 months, which were not done. 
 Elcome should be delivering anything between INR280 crores to INR300 crores of revenue. 
Elcome as an entity, the entire thing will not get -- line-wise, it will not get consolidated into 
our things. Going forward, we expect that the business has the potential to grow at maybe 10%, 
15%, 20% with the present offering of bouquet of products which we have got. But obviously, 
when we have acquired a platform, and we have got a foot in the door in defence application, 
we would like to increase the bouquet of offerings. 
 Next year, I think if we are doing about INR280 crores to INR300 crores this year in Elcome, 
next year, we should be taking it anything between a 10% to 15% growth rate because in 
defence, the gestation period is pretty long and the orders could also be lumpy. As far as the 
margin profile is concerned, this is a high-margin business. 
And the margins are upwards of 20%, 24%, 25%, which we believe we will be able to sustain 
[[PAGE 13]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
in the coming years also. That's as far as Elcome is concerned. On PCB front, we are in touch 
with customers in the industrial, automotive and consumer segment. And industrial is a very 
wide application. And energy metering is one of them. 
 And broadly, in the PCB industry, the margin profile is 15% -- 15% to 17% EBITDA margin 
profile without the PLI. So, I think we would be in line with the industry margins and grow in 
the Industrial and Automotive segment. Automotive. Also, within automotive, there are 
various categories, the lighting PCBAs, the infotainment PCBAs. So, we'll be cut into the entire 
sort of consumption by what you call the PCB, which goes into the automotive. 
 And subsequently, we'll also be targeting the med tech. They are high-end PCBs that have a 
longer approval cycle. So, we'll be plucking the low-hanging fruits in the initial phase and 
finally build up the ecosystem and the pipeline to target the high-end PCBs, which would also 
include exploring export markets. 
Tanay Shah: Sure. And just a follow-up on the PCB. 
 
Tanay Shah: Yes. Just a follow-up on the PCB business, right? We've spoken about multi-layers, but what 
kind of multilayers are we going to do? Till what amount of... 
J.S. Gujral: See typically, if we analyse the PCB consumption, about 10% to 15% is HDI and other things, 
and rest is all single and multilayer. And if we further drill down bulk of the consumption, 
which I say, if I say the total pie-800, 75% of that -- 70% to 75% of that would be sub-8 layer 
-- single to sub-8 layer of 8 layers. 
Then as you go up in the layer profile from 8 to 10 to 15 or whatever, it like oxygen, it gets 
very fine, the quantities keep reducing. So, we are targeting the market, which is available, 
which is bulk market. I'm not saying that we'll not be targeting the 15-layer or 12-layer, the 
volumes are very less. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Naushad Chaudhary from Aditya Birla Mutual Fund. 
Naushad Chaudhary: Just one clarification, sir. Apologies if I'm repeating. I joined a bit late. Did you share your 
order book number? Can you reshare it if you have already shared? 
Bijay Agrawal: Order book? 
Naushad Chaudhary: Yes. 
Bijay Agrawal: Yes, we have already shared. So total order book and visibility is approximately INR6,400 
crores. And out of that, around 31% is from Auto segment, about 25% from Consumer segment 
and approximately 27% from Industrial segment. Balance is healthcare, IT and railways. 
Naushad Chaudhary: And export, sir? 
J.S. Gujral: Exports are within, say, when I say industrial, it will be exports. Med-tech is all exports. 
[[PAGE 14]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Naushad Chaudhary: Export is about 24% there in that. 
J.S. Gujral: And the volume 24%, 25% of the enhanced value. So, if we are targeting, we are doing about 
INR1,100 crores this year. For next year, we expect this figure to go up further. If we're starting 
a 30% growth rate, so we should be having a 25%, 30% growth rate in exports also. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Manan Goyal from ICICI Securities. 
Aniruddha Joshi: Aniruddha Joshi here. Just one question after all the acquisitions M&A, what is the goodwill 
on the balance sheet? And how do you see the -- in a way, writing off of the -- or amortization 
of the goodwill panning out over the next 2, 3 years? And will it qualify for any tax benefits? 
 And second question, what is the capex that we are looking at for FY '26 -- sorry, FY '27 and 
'28? And lastly, what is the current net working capital, inventory days or debtor days if you 
can share? Yes, that's it from my side. 
Bijay Agrawal: So, to answer your first one on the goodwill and intangibles and the tax benefit and the 
amortization of the same, that is something we are working out along with our valuers and the 
auditors together. And probably in the next quarter results, we will be able to disclose it 
completely that way. 
 Whatever intangibles is coming out of that PPA valuation, purchase price allocation, that 
intangibles will be eligible for a tax benefit, amortization and tax benefit. Goodwill is 
something we will not be able to amortize it, so there will not be any tax benefit or P&L impact 
of the same thing. 
 But that is something we will be able to disclose properly in the next quarter results. Coming 
to your capex requirement, normal organic-related capex requirement would be INR80 crores 
to INR100 crores on a year-on-year basis. 
 Apart from that, special project, just like PCB business related, near about INR300 crores to 
INR350 crores is what we will be spending over the next year. And beyond that, if we 
furthermore announce any other new special project, that will be over and above that 
additionally. 
 Coming to net working capital trade requirement, we are already at 76 days of working capital 
days. We are still -- that is also including Elcome related working capital number so far. We 
are still working on it and trying to reduce it further over probably next 2 to 3 quarters, we 
should be able to bring in an efficiency of around 5 to 6 days. 
 And we have already disclosed that the 76 days, if we exclude Elcome on the current year 
number or excluding Elcome, this is about 68 days. That's where we are currently. 
J.S. Gujral: So, which reflects 5 days or 6 days reduction from September '23 and the 4 days increase from 
last year, corresponding period. 
Bijay Agrawal: And even after considering all these things, my overall 9-month operating cash flow is positive 
right now, which we are trying to furthermore improve for the entire full year. 
[[PAGE 15]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Keshav Vijay Ratan Lahoti from HDFC Securities. 
Keshav Lahoti: I remember your smart meter revenue, which was INR50 crore each quarter, which was 
coming. And this quarter also, you highlighted that INR50 crores, so totalling INR150 crore, 
INR160 crores in 9 months. But your guidance for this year was INR300 crores. Earlier, you 
indicated possibly H2 would be better on smart meter front? So, what's the update on that side? 
J.S. Gujral: See, on the smart meters, one thing is it is a very sticky business in terms of working capital 
cycle. And we don't want to land into a situation, where we have the sales, but not the recovery, 
to be very honest. 
 So, the growth is driven by choice as long as I'm confident of delivering on the overall business. 
And we are selective about customers in the, what you call, energy metering business. And has 
this sort of slight softness in growth numbers of the value of the energy meters. 
 In terms of quantities, we are growing well. And because of the sort of working capital cycle, 
we, at times, ask our customers to sort of give us the key dedicated controller free of cost. So, 
while my quantitative numbers may go up, then the material is being procured by the customer, 
it does have an impact on the value of sales. So, there are 2, 3 factors: a, the working capital 
cycle. We are choosy about the customers we service. If I'm not going to be choosy, the sales, 
the business is available. 
 I can grow several times what I'm doing today in the energy metering business. But I don't 
want to land in a situation where the sales cycle does not result into a sort of a short-term cash 
flow cycle. 
Keshav Lahoti: Got it. So, what is the revised guidance of smart meter revenue for this and next year? 
J.S. Gujral: Next year, I think if we are doing about INR200 crores this year, we should be going about 
another 20%, 25%, 30% next year. Again, what I sort of focus or the company's focus on is 
overall growth with profitable margins and positive cash flow. 
 So, these are the 3 parameters. So, if we find that the growth is not coming, then go into the 
sort of a sticky business, sort of a sticky thing where the cash flow cycles are long. But if you 
are able to manage the growth without the longest working capital cycle business, I think we'll 
prefer that. 
Keshav Lahoti: Understood. One last question from my side, the guidance of 30% revenue growth. This is 
including everything Elcome and whatever inorganic you do or it's purely organic you are 
talking? 
J.S. Gujral: See, we had guided last year also. And this year also, we are saying that we'll be growing at 
around 30%. Now this year, when we say we are growing at this rate from whatever we did 
last year, INR324 crore EBITDA, INR3,700-odd crores of revenue. So, it will be apple-to-
apple, and the group Elcome will be in addition. 
 Next year, since Elcome comes into a fold, we would share the different vertical separately, 
[[PAGE 16]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
but then the growth overall would be blended of all the things. 
 So, if we are able to do about INR5,000 crores, INR4,900 crores of revenue this year, a 30% 
growth will be what would result in to. And more importantly, if we deliver INR500 crores 
EBITDA, which I'm very confident, it's not. If it will deliver INR500 crores EBITDA this year, 
next year, a 30% growth rate is INR650 crores of EBITDA. 
Keshav Lahoti: Got it. That is very helpful. 
Bijay Agrawal: Also just to add on the previous question, the breakup of export during the 9 months, we did 
total export of approximately INR835 crores, of which near about INR255 crores is to U.S. 
and balance INR580 crores is for other than -- other markets, other than U.S., which includes 
Belgium, Germany, Mexico, Canada, China and Singapore together. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Dhrumil Wani from Girik Capital. 
Dhaval Shah: Dhaval Shah this side. Great performance and good luck for the future. Sir, my only question 
is regarding the good drop in the finance cost quarter-over-quarter, while the debt number is 
higher. So, is it some refinancing of the debt? Or can you just help us understand? 
Bijay Agrawal: Yes, this closing debt was not exactly available for the entire period. So, this is something -- 
during the quarter, the debt number was actually lower. And yes, we were able to negotiate or 
renegotiate some of the interest costs with the bankers to achieve some efficiency. So, it is a 
result of both the things. 
Dhaval Shah: Okay. Got it. And Bijay, the other question is on the -- what tax should we assume, tax rate for 
fourth quarter and next year? Plus, you mentioned the total cash outflow from our balance 
sheet will be around INR400 crores for capex, like INR300 crores for the PCBA plus INR100 
crores for the -- our existing business. 
 So then next year, we're planning to meet the entire requirement with our operating cash flow 
or how it's going to be funded. So, what sort of debt -- on 31st March '27, how the balance 
sheet will look like? 
Bijay Agrawal: So, of this capex, whatever PCB's related capex, we are planning to raise 50%, get 50% through 
equity and part of that equity, 25% of that equity requirement will also be funded by my partner 
also. 
 So, in totality, yes, including debt or equity outflow, whichever we can say, capex-related near 
about INR300 crores to INR350 crores will be the overall outflow here on the capex side. And 
what was your first question regarding the cash balance? 
Dhaval Shah: Yes. So, on this capex, so INR300 crores. So, from our balance sheet INR300 crores will go 
from Syrma balance sheet? 
Bijay Agrawal: Yes. 
J.S. Gujral: On the capex for the PCB INR350 crores, INR400 crores, whatever is the figure by March '27, 
[[PAGE 17]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
would be making us eligible for a 50% subsidy from the government of Andhra Pradesh. So, 
it is sort of a bridge financing over a period of 1 year. So, whatever is spent till March of '27, 
I expect to get the money in '27, '28, 50% of that. 
So, on a full sort of cycle basis, my investment in the PCB project would, for this phase, if it 
is INR400 crores will be actually INR200 crores from Syrma. And out of that INR200 crores, 
whatever is the equity portion, 25% will be funded by my collaborator. 
Dhaval Shah: Okay. Understood. Understood. And my other question was on the tax rate for the fourth 
quarter and for the next year, what should we be assuming? 
Bijay Agrawal: Tax rate for the fourth quarter would be somewhere around 23% -- 23%, 24%. And next year, 
we can assume over 26%. 
Dhaval Shah: 26% Got it. Got it. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. J.S. Gujral for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
J.S. Gujral: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I think we are well poised, well positioned what we had set 
out to do when we hit the street in 2022 when we got listed. We had guided all the investors in 
the street that we are making a truly global EMS company. 
 And we are on way sort of on right track for that. In between, there would be bumps. But on a 
long-term basis, I think we are very well poised with our customers, with our vendors, with all 
the stakeholders and to take benefit of the emerging opportunities in electronic manufacturing. 
 We are building an organization, which is now almost there. The capability building is an 
ongoing exercise, which would continue year-on-year. When I say capability building, it is 
introducing the best of the software, the best of the tools, online monitoring of performance of 
the machine, so that we sort of get a better efficiency out of the sort of assets which we have 
created. 
 We have, as I shared last time, tied up with the Canadian -- American company, Ark Systems, 
which gives us sort of access to online monitoring of my SMT lines across plants. So, sitting 
in the corporate office, my team who have been given excess can, on a real-time basis, monitor 
the performance. 
 It has -- we have started a pilot project, and the results are very, very encouraging. And if we 
have, say, 40 lines and 500 hours is per line, it is 20,000 hours of capacity. If I'm able to get a 
5% improvement, it gives me 1,000 hours of capacity which is equivalent to 2 lines. 
 So, I think we have now embarked on a journey to bring in the operational efficiencies, which 
Bijay also alluded to that while my gross material margin has improved by 1.7%, 1.5%, my 
EBITDA margins have improved by almost like 3%. The remaining 1.5% is coming from the 
operational efficiencies, and we continue relentlessly to work on this. 
 So, the motto on the shop floor is relentless improvement of efficiencies. This, coupled with 
[[PAGE 18]]
  Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
  January 30, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
over other objectives of increasing the value, increasing the exports, increasing the ODM, 
ODM growth is sort of a treacherous part. It's not easy, but we are very focused on increasing 
that. This with our foray into PCB and other sort of piece parts under the ECMS policy, I think 
positions Syrma SGS in a very, very strong position to capitalize on the emerging opportunities 
within India and outside India. 
 So overall, a satisfactory 9 months globally also, macro also and micro also. And we believe 
that we are in a good position to keep growing at profitable margin and which we have said 
that our objective is to grow a 30% growth on EBITDA, positive cash flows, 25%, 30%, 35% 
growth on top line. So, these 3 are the cornerstones on which we measure our performance. 
And each one of them has its own importance. 
 I now hand over to Satendra to give his view on the overall sales. Satendra, over to you. 
Satendra Singh: Thank you, Gujral. I think this was a great call from all of us. We are very excited about the 
growth we have reported, and we're looking forward to great future. Thank you, everyone. 
Have a good rest of the day. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us today, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
