[[PAGE 1]]
 
KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
CIN: L29128KA2008PLC045825 
Website: www.kaynestechnology.co.in Email ID: kaynestechcs@kaynestechnology.net  
H.O & Regd Office: 23-25, Belagola, Food Industrial Estate Metagalli PO, Mysore 570016, Karnataka, India 
Telephone No: +91 8212582595 
 
 
 
December 12, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
14th floor, P. J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code – 543664  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol – KAYNES  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Subject: Business Update Conference call transcript of December 08, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Business Update Conference Call, conducted on Monday, 
December 08, 2025 and uploaded on the Company’s website. 
 
Particulars  Website link 
Transcript https://www.kaynestechnology.co.in/doc/Regulation-46-of-sebi-lodr-
regulation/Business%20Update%20call%20transcript-%2008.12.2025.pdf  
 
 
Kindly take the above information on record and acknowledge it. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Kaynes Technology India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Anuj Mehtha 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No. FCS 13802 
 
Enclosed: 
• Transcript of the Business Update Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
[[PAGE 2]]
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
 
“Kaynes Technology India Limited 
Business Update Conference Call” 
December 08, 2025 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. SAVITHA RAMESH – CHAIRPERSON – KAYNES 
TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 MR. RAMESH KUNHIKANNAN – EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN – KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 MR. MUTHUKUMAR NARAYANASWAMY – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 MR. JAIRAM SAMPATH – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – KAYNES 
TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
  
 
MODERATOR: MR. NIKHIL KANDOI – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 

[[PAGE 3]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Kaynes Technology Business Update 
Conference Call hosted by Axis  Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines should be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by  
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikhil 
Kandoi. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Kandoi. 
Nikhil Kandoi: Thank you, Renju. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital, I would like to welcome 
you all to the Business Update con call of Kaynes Technology India Limited. We have with us 
the management today, being represented by Ms. Savitha Ramesh, Chairperson, Mr. Ramesh 
Kannan, Executive Vice Chairman, Mr. Muthukumar Narayanaswamy, Managing Director, Mr. 
Jairam Sampath, Whole-Time Director and CFO. 
 Now, I'll hand over the floor to the management for their opening remarks, post which we'll open 
the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ramesh Kunhikannan: Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Kaynes Technology team, I'd like to address certain 
observations that have been raised around our disclosure and accounting presentations. I wish to 
address all our stakeholders, shareholders directly and unambiguously. 
 We acknowledge that a few disclosures required clearer clarification and articulation. These 
were errors in reporting of disclosure in notes to accounts and not lapse of intent, governance or 
conduct. The management acted immediately. 
 We issued a detailed clarification addressing every point raised. And we have already begun 
strengthening our internal compliances, audit review processes and disclosure checks to ensure 
such instances do not reoccur. Let me reiterate this firmly that there are no governance concerns 
and no underlying deterioration in business. 
 Kaynes has always operated within a framework of strong ethics, transparency and 
accountability. And this remains non-negotiable. At the same time, the company continues to be 
deeply focused on its long-term growth roadmap. 
 Our OS AT initiatives is progressing well and position s India meaningfully in the global 
semiconductor value chain. Our high-end PCB program strengthens domestic manufacturing in 
a largely imported independent category. Working capital normalization measures are already 
underway and expected to show visible improvement going forward. 
 Kaynes remains a structurally strong story with significant headroom for value creation. Our 
growth drivers, strategic directions and execution momentum remains solidly intact. From here 
onwards, my team will present the detailed clarification and all observations.  
Jairam Sampath: Thank you. A very good morning to all participants.  Thank you for joining in so early on a 
Monday morning. So there were some observations made for which we have already published 
[[PAGE 4]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
some of the answers on top questions. And then I would like to just quickly focus on those which 
we thought we require reiteration. 
 So one of the first items was that Iskraemeco’s high contribution revenue profit is noteworthy. 
So Kaynes reported FY25 revenues of 27.2 billion, 51% year-on-year increase. And he has put 
some exhibit. 
 This gentleman who has done the analysis and slightly below the guidance, I did by 
consideration of Iskraemeco smart metering business for six months and so on. I'm sure you 
have this report already available with  you. So one of the first implication, now these are not 
facts, but these are implications made by the analysts. 
 It says my 28% net margin, second half FY '25, which looks high for smart metering business. 
Now the H2 FY '25 net margin is only 9% actually, the revenues of INR5,327 million and PAT 
of INR489 million. So the 28% margin cited appears incorrect. 
 The second question, the second observation, second implication, because he's only said this 
implies INR483 million loss in first half reconciled with the full year profit of INR6 million. 
This is context of a profitable FY '24, no evident cost drivers in first half FY '25 for such a swing. 
We should understand that the H1 FY '25 loss is driven by a combination of factors. 
 First is significantly lower revenue, which is about INR85 crores or INR851 million, while fixed 
costs have been remaining largely unchanged. Second thing is provision arising from Kaynes 
due diligence, including inventory write-offs. And third thing is broader corporate cleanup and 
other adjustments. 
 So if these questions were probably asked to us in advance, and then the implications that the 
analyst has actually written were stated, then we could have made this correction. But 
unfortunately, I think these implications were stated without full underst anding of the facts. A 
payback period of less than six months for Iskraemeco acquisition. 
 Yes, the erstwhile parent was a global enterprise that chose to exit India as a part of its strategic 
shift to other regions. Since they were unable to set up full-fledged operations in India incurring 
significant losses, they were unable to commence meter ing delivery in large scale. Kaynes had 
always been a supplier partner since Iskraemeco's India entity, and hence Kaynes was able to 
strike a bilateral deal and negotiated the same at an attractive price. 
 Goodwill recognition and reserve adjustment acquisition ambiguous. Now, the word ambiguous 
is written by the report. There is nothing ambiguous about it, though. Kaynes, the report goes on 
to say Kaynes acquired Iskraemeco in Sensonic in FY 2025 on a consideration of INR883 
million, recognizing a goodwill of INR1,140 million or INR114 crores. And he's put some 
exhibit there. We observe that the consolidated balance sheet does not show a corresponding 
increase in goodwill. 
 Instead, it reflects a net negative adjustment of some amount in net capital reserve, etc. So you've 
seen these comments. So she notes, so the response to this is in FY 2025, the company made 
[[PAGE 5]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
two acquisitions, namely Iskraemeco and Sensonic, which resulted in capital reserve of goodwill 
and goodwill respectively on these transactions after assigning values to the net identifiable, 
identified assets as part of the purchase price allocation exercise carried out as required under 
the Ind AS 103. 
 As far as the acquisition of Iskraemeco is concerned, the identified intangible asset customer 
contract was an amount of INR115 crores or INR1,150 million, which is recognized under the 
block technical know-how as a significant factor for design, implementation know-how, hosting, 
and communication package for smart meter. Further, the table below provides a detailed 
goodwill and intangible assets recognition. We'll be publishing this particular thing post this call. 
 But broadly, it says net assets, I'll take column by column and then the total so that you will get 
to know the actual calculation. So, let's say for Iskraemeco, the net assets were minus INR198.65 
million. Consideration was plus INR429.86 million. So, the total amount was plus INR628.51 
million. Intangible assets recognized were INR1,150 million. So net goodwill or capital reserve 
in consolidation was minus INR521.49 million. The same for S ensonic was net assets were 
minus INR58.22 million.  Consideration was INR452.95 million plus. So total amount of 
INR511.18 million, which flows directly to net goodwill or capital reserve in consolidation. So, 
when we total these two lines, the net amount for net assets is minus 256.87 million. 
Consideration was INR882.81 million. The total amount stands at INR1,139.69 million. 
Intangible assets recognized were INR1,150. We have already described earlier what these are 
meant for. So the net goodwill stroke capital reserve in consolidation was about  minus INR 
10.31 million.  
In the acquisition of Iskraemeco, the difference between consideration paid and the net assets 
acquired was credited to capital reserve. And this was due to the fact that we recognized 
intangible assets, that is, customer contracts, as part of the acquisition as permitted by the 
paragraph 13 of the Ind AS 103, business combinations.  
In the acquisition of Sensonic, there was no specific intangible asset acquired.  And hence, the 
difference between the consideration paid and the net assets acquired was accounted as goodwill. 
The paragraph 17 of Ind AS 1 state that the entities shall present information including 
accounting policies in a manner that presents relevant, reliable, comparative information.  
It was felt that there is only one applicable accounting standard for acquisition, and it would not 
have been relevant to present capital reserve as part of one acquisition and goodwill as part of 
another. Due to this, these have been netted off to present the financial statement in a relevant 
and reliable manner.  
The second observation that has come out in the report is no corresponding value adjustment 
disclosed on acquisition and is cited from Exhibit number 5 or something. To that, our assertion 
from the company side is the comparison basically is incorrect.  The payment of acquisition of 
subsidiaries is disclosed on a separate line item in the stand-alone financial statements only.  
The consolidated financial statement, all assets and liabilities acquired are included in their 
respective categories during the consolidation process and reflected within the corresponding 
[[PAGE 6]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
movement in the net cash flows. And then there are some mentions of reports and significant 
additions in tangible assets for technical know-how in FY '25. 
This is just an observation which says Kaynes capitalized INR1.8 billion, that is 6.5% of revenue 
as additions under technical know -how and including designs and prototypes of FY  2025. He 
cited some exhibits, INR141 million was R&D expense, etcetera. Balance in our view is likely 
to be prototyping costs. So, we can't comment on his view because this is not based on facts, but 
we can clarify here from our side, company’s side.  
Intangible assets recognized in FY  '25 comprise the following. One, INR1,150 million of 
customer contracts arising from the Iskraemeco acquisition classified under technical know-how 
as the key component related to design implementation know-how, hosting and communication 
package for smart metering.  INR260 million for development and costs related to the 
acquisition. And then remaining capitalization attributable to in-house R&D for the development 
of proprietary products. It would not be appropriate to compare intangible assets arising from a 
business combination with recurring R&D capitalization. 
Then the report published by Kotak Securities talk about disclosures for related party 
transactions balance inconsistent. And as they have said, we have observed inconsistencies in 
disclosure made by stand-alone entities and various subsidiaries, etcetera. So, this related -- our 
response is as follows. 
The related party transactions were appropriately eliminated and consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with Ind AS. The oversight pertains solely to the notes to the stand -
alone financial statements in one of the companies, but the disclosure was inadvertently omitted. 
The underlying financial statement and schedules themselves were correct.  So, there is no 
inconsistency actually speaking. It was just a small error of typographical nature in one of the 
subsidiary financials.  
The disclosure has since been rectified and noted for future compliance.  Transaction was 
recorded in both the entities. The observation on aged receivables pertain to dues between parent 
and subsidiary firm. Given that these are intercompany receivables and payables, the standard 
credit periods are strictly adhered to as these balances do not have any impact on the consolidated 
balance sheet as these are eliminated during the consolidation process. 
Then there is a comment on rising CCC , dense OCF, cash conversion cycle, dense OCF post 
interest, high capex for OSAT, PCB, raise on FCF. Now he's talked about Kaynes operating 
costs, cash flow post interest stood negative at 0.9 billion in FY '25, primarily due to working 
capital requirements and he's talked about some Exhibit, etc etera. The consolidated cash 
conversion cycle increased by 22 days to 157 days, etcetera. 
So our response is as follows. Firstly, the working capital intensity is typical to the EMS industry 
and multiple initiatives are underway to improve it, including collaborating with onboarding 
large customers into supply chain finance program, leveraging factoring and bill discounting and 
driving inventory optimization. The second aspect is capex requirements are long-term in nature 
[[PAGE 7]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
and are only adequately funded through equity with capital subsidies expected to start flowing 
for capex is already incurred. 
And third one is the, our response is the net working capital cycle inventory days plus receivable 
minus payable days calculated as per ICAI guideline. Note that guidance note is 87 days in F Y 
'25, up from 83 days in FY '24, increase of four days year-on-year. Traditionally, the inventory 
days calculated report appear to be based on cost of sales, whereas the report stated definition is 
based on revenue. 
Then there's a comment on elevated capex plan spending, grant timelines may influence funding 
and capital allocation strategy. And then , of course, he's written a few things. Some of them 
could be facts based on published data.  
Our response is as follows. First balance requirement for OSAT INR10.3 billion will be funded 
through QIP and spent amount of about 3.8 billion and balance internal accruals capex spread 
over five years and some transitory debt. Second thing is that with regard to PCB, the current 
plan includes only capex of 14 billion for which the balance requirement is 3.2 billion and up 
central government subsidy of about 3 billion.  
The same will be funded through QIP and spend amount of 1.6 billion internal accruals and debt. 
The feasibility of planning expansion to PCB business will be evaluated after discussion with 
the state governments on the subsidies and after due process inter nally. Further , while 
calculating interest cost on the average borrowings, we need to consider bill discounting.  The 
interest cost will work out approximately 10% including all bills discounted.  
Then there is a comment on receivables, discounting and provisioning could impact profitability 
margins. And of course, he has described something that he has read from the statements.  Our 
response is that discounting cost in the long term , smart metering receivables is already 
embedded in the contract pricing and bill discounting is undertaken judiciously based on the cost 
benefit assessment. With respect to receivables provisioning, all provisions are made strictly in 
accordance with the company's ECL, or expected credit loss policy.  
Then he's talking about variations in cash flow statement versus asset additions.  And he says 
Kaynes FY '25 cash flow statement report purchase of fixed assets of 9.5 billion. It does not fully 
reconcile the 7.7 additions of PPE, CWIP, intangibles, intangib le assets under development, 
etcetera. After adjusting the capital advances payable to the capital goods and he's spent some 
two pages on this Exhibit 35, 36, etcetera. 
Our response is the purchase of fixed assets in the cash flow statements amounting to 9.5 billion 
includes 7.8 billion of PPE, CWIP, Capital WIP that is, intangibles after adjusting for capital 
advances and payable of capital goods. INR1.7 billion of right of use assets, ROU assets, net of 
subsidy. The purchase of fixed assets in the cash flow statement disclosing cash flow from 
investing activities. I hope this clarifies this particular question on cash flow.  
Contingent liability is a net foreign exposure price. Contingent liability is increased to 5.2 
billion, 18% of net worth and from F Y '24 of 2.7 billion, 11% of net worth , is fairly due to 
[[PAGE 8]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
increase in bank corporate is what the report from Kotak Securities said. The key increases relate 
to -- from our point of view and based on our facts, the key increases relate to 1.9 billion of 
performance bank guarantees issued to Iskraemeco projects.  
Then 1.3 billion of corporate guarantees issued to subsidiary companies, K aynes Electronics 
Manufacturing Private Limited, INR1.2 billion and Iskraemeco 0.1 billion. These guarantees are 
necessitated by funding requirements of the subsidiaries for ongoing businesses. So, these are 
our major clarifications to some of those exhibits and a large report that was made.  
So, some total of this is that factually speaking, there is only one small error of not mentioning 
in the notes to accounts of a disclosure of a related party transaction, which you've taken note of 
and we'll make sure that in future, such misses don't happen. Otherwise, there are absolutely no 
inconsistencies, ambiguities, whether intended or actual. And most of the conclusions and 
implications made actually are not valid. 
Ramesh Kunhikannan: You can ask the questions. 
Jairam Sampath: If you have any clarifications further, you can ask. We'll be publishing this in the stock exchange 
also, for those of you who may not have noted down fully. After some time, before the end of 
the day, we will publish this entire thing in the stock exchange. 
Moderator: Should I go ahead and ask for questions, speakers? 
Ramesh Kunhikannan: Yes. 
Moderator: All right. Thank you. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
comes to the line of Siddhartha Bera with Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and thanks for clarifying many of these queries.  First 
question is basically, initially Ramesh sir highlighted that we are in the process of taking more 
steps to address and see that some of these issues don't get reported in or don't recur in the future. 
So if you can just highlight a few of these things, what are we planning to do to see that some of 
these things don't recur in the future? 
 Second thing to Jairam sir, will be on the receivable side. If you can sort of break up the entire 
receivable of close to 11 billion plus 3 billion of older receivable of 14 billion customer wise 
and how does the sort of smart meter order book change in terms of customers going ahead? If 
you can sort of talk about some of these things. 
Management: Yes, yes. So firstly, we cannot actually give very detailed granular information about customer 
wise receivables and so on, because this has got business confidentiality linked to it. But 
however, broadly I can tell you that the Iskraemeco’s business, which is smart meter business, 
has got two types of receivables. 
 One which is sitting in current receivables, which are of the nature of device supply and then 
received from device supply. The other is the nature of business caught through the contract that 
[[PAGE 9]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
we acquired from one of the customers of Iskraemeco. And some portion of those receivables 
sit under other non-current assets. 
 And we have taken some simple steps in the earnings call also we mentioned to make sure that 
this is not a recurring portion of receivables, but this is a part of the business that we have actually 
acquired. So going forward, we will make sure that before this year is over, we get rid of these 
receivables with appropriate financing so that it's not in our books, because these pertain to 
almost like the annuity type of payments, which are like home loan payments and similar to that. 
There is no performance link to these particular receivables, which is sitting under other non -
current assets. 
 Now, as of September, I think the total receivables is about – yes, of the total receivables, about 
INR687 crores pertains to business of smart meters, which includes also the other non -current 
assets portion. 
 So, we are quite confident that INR240 crores, approximately INR240 crores of such receivables 
will anyway get discounted and it'll reduce the amount. There will be further billing based on 
our business plan. And we will endeavor to make sure that these do not cross collection periods 
of 90 days, etc. 
 So, there have been improvements. We are still working on further improvements to be done. 
As far as the notes to accounts  missing is concerned, we have taken note of this particular 
activity. The reason, the cause why it happened is that Iskraemeco was earlier a customer and a 
supplier and see in the one portion of our last year, FY '25. 
 And in the second portion of the last year, it was a related party. So while this was captured in 
the related party transaction notes in Iskraemeco, in one of our subsidiaries, since this flip 
happened, somehow this probably got missed out in mentioning. 
 However, the accounting has been done properly. In future, we will do, for a related party 
transaction, we are going to use some software to make sure that the contra entries of notes to 
accounts are fully done. And so that we don't have this situation of any repeats.  Because we 
have, we do have a large number of subsidiaries. And so, we'll make sure that this does not re-
occur. Next question. 
Siddhartha Bera: And sir, in terms of the order book, a smart meter, how big will be the existing customer now 
within that. And also, in Iskraemeco FY '25 statements, there was a INR45 crores sort of overdue 
or more than 1 year pending receivable. If you have some more color on why it is pending and 
by when do you expect to recover or is there any risk of provisions in that? 
Jairam Sampath: Yes, so this INR45 crores and the reconciliation will get closed. This is not really material to the 
business, actually. It's more like a consolidation related activity, which probably will close it 
before the year end. 
 As far as the specific order number for this, we don't normally publish order book by customer 
for the sake of confidentiality. We need their consent before we can actually give this. But suffice 
[[PAGE 10]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
it to say that the percentage of total business of smart meter as a percentage of total business is 
trending down for the simple reason that other businesses also showing some strong growth rates 
in the other verticals. 
 So going forward, the reliance on this particular thing will certainly come down. And then, of 
course, it's getting replaced by equally good and worthy businesses. And so we hope that this 
trend continues over the next decade or so. 
Ramesh Kunhikannan: We are also planning to exit from day one. When we took over this company, we wanted only 
to become a device manufacturer. So, we will no longer be an AMISP company.  We will be 
only device company to various AMISPs. And our software, we will also sell it to them as a 
service. 
Jairam Sampath: Yes, it's more like a product solution manufacturing rather than full project implementation. And 
we already are well on our way. And there are many orders, significant orders that we have 
actually received for devices too, with many customers other than Iskraemeco also. 
Moderator: Thank you. Mr. Bera, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes in the 
line of Sameet Sinha with Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Sameet Sinha: Yes, thank you very much. So, my first question is about the organic growth rate. Can you 
provide some clarifications on what's the proposed, what was said in the report about the organic 
growth rate in the first half? 
 And then can you also kind of look forward and talk about how you plan on growing the 
business? Obviously, the metering business is probably a fixed revenue contribution every year. 
I think that's what Jairam you mentioned. How about the other businesses? What are the growth 
catalysts moving forward? And then I will have a follow-up? 
Jairam Sampath: Thank you, Sameet ji. So, you're right. The metering business is more like a run-rate business. 
And we know that this is broadly driven by the RDSS program of the government, wherein about 
250 million homes will have smart meters, etc. So, it's got a limited cycle of 10 to 12 years’ 
timeframe. And so, we are dealing with it in the same manner. 
 As far as the other verticals are concerned, there is strong growth in automotive, there is strong 
growth in industrial other than smart meters, there is strong growth in electric vehicles. Also, 
now the resurgence of strong sectors like railways, electronics, as well as aerospace, outer space 
and defense, and also in IT field. So, we see a resurgence of growth in most of those areas to 
more than compensate for any reduction in the composition of business from the smart  meter 
perspective. 
 Now, just a small comment compared to last year to this year. Actually, if you were to, we have 
done an internal match. Without disclosing what I am not supposed to disclose, but then the 
growth rate in other parts of business compared to FY  '25 to FY '26 projected plan, the growth 
rate of other businesses other than Iskraemeco is fairly strong. 
[[PAGE 11]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
 It's almost a little tad higher than the company's total growth rate. So from that perspective, I 
think we should take -- we should be happy about the conclusion that other businesses are also 
showing some strong performance. 
Sameet Sinha: Got it. Thank you. The second question, as it relates to the various plans that you have in place, 
bill discounting, factoring, all of these, all of these have associated costs with them. Can you 
give us an idea about how do you counter this cost so that your margins don't suffer? 
Jairam Sampath: Yes. So, the supply chain finance, mostly especia lly, let me take the first one receivable. They 
are funded by foreign banks with decidedly lower rate of interest than what we actually get from 
our banks here. So, to that extent, keeping it in our books rather than this thing, maybe there's 
an improvement.  
The only thing is the cost line item goes from one below EBITDA to above EBITDA. So earlier, 
if we were to borrow in India and then pay for it, then it will be shown as an interest.  Whereas 
if I discount it, it goes into the cost. But at the net profit level, I don't see any adverse impact of 
these steps that we are taking, including the ones which we are trying to do, factoring and these 
things. We have done the math and it's not significantly altering the financials. 
Sameet Sinha: Got it. Thank you very much. 
Jairam Sampath: Thank you, Sameet ji. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Harinder Singh with Blackstone. Please go 
ahead. 
Harinder Singh: Thanks for the clarification. So, I think I got answer to all the questions. Only one question is, 
since now you are open to sell the 20% of the promoter stake, so any plans to reduce the stake 
for going forward? 
Jairam Sampath: At this point in time, we have not been informed by the promoters of any further dilution of the 
stakes or anything. Promoter stakes today, of course, we have complied with the requirements 
of RBI, etcetera, when SEBI, etcetera. So, promoter stakes today stand at around 52%, 5 3%. 
They continue to remain this ov er the horizon that we can see a nd there is also no requirement 
to do that dilution by even any fundraise of that nature, at least in the near term. 
Harinder Singh: Thanks for the clarification. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Keshav Lahoti with HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Keshav Lahoti: Hello. I thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted a bit of thought. There was a small omission 
as you highlighted. Any thoughts or possibly as the company is growing big, maybe possibly 
get some bigger auditors once the current auditor tenure ends? 
Jairam Sampath: Yes. So obviously, whatever, see, including additions to the team, strengthening all our 
resources, etcetera, these are all things which are constantly being discussed. And we have taken 
[[PAGE 12]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
note of, it is not because of this particular report that we have to do, but as a part of growing up, 
we need to strengthen the partners in every age, each and every area.  
This is a matter which is to be considered by our board and then appropriate decisions will be 
taken. We'll make sure that on this front, we don't lack, but at the same time, the entire report is 
based on one small error. So we just want to be mindful of the fact that the confirmation for this 
is to make sure that we get a software to do the contra entries of notes to accounts for the RPTs, 
which you have taken into account. 
And whatever else measures that are required, including taking help for analytics and some of 
these international firms, etcetera, we will do. We are also doing it in some small way and then 
we will definitely increase the, let's say, engagement on that front. 
Keshav Lahoti: Understood. Got it. Last question from my side. If we see your R&D expense, most of that it is 
capitalized. So what is that and how you -- which expense you charge in P&L and which you 
capitalize? And lastly, if we see your bad debt provision, that is 3.5% of sales in H1, why the 
bad debt has increased and should we expect any increase in bad debts in upcoming times? 
Jairam Sampath: Could you repeat the first part of the question? I just missed it due to error… 
Keshav Lahoti: If we see your R&D expense, so majority of it is capitalized. So how you decide what should be 
capitalized and what should be charged off and what it was got into?  
Jairam Sampath: I will. Yes. So, Mr. Lahoti there were two questions. One question was regarding the research 
and development-related policies and the second part of the question was on… 
Keshav Lahoti: Bad debts that was 3.5% of sales in H1 was very high? 
Jairam Sampath: Okay. I will address the second part of the question first. A bad debt provision does not mean 
it's a bad debt written off.  It's a provision for write off as per the accounting policies and the 
ECL that we discover. And then obviously, it's also advised by the auditors. Now, 
fundamentally, our efforts to collect our money continues, even after the provision is made for 
a particular bill. 
 And whenever we collect that particular relevant invoice, then we can write back that into our 
P&L. So, provision is not equal to write off. And in our businesses, because it's a custom -built 
business, the write offs, etcetera are generally very small in nature because we undertake projects 
and production only on the basis of what the customer wants.  
As far as research and development is concerned, I just want to point out as an answer to this is 
that we have developed something called Kavach program, which others have probably, there 
are other players who had a lot of trouble in developing, but we hav e developed using German 
technology and all that.  
So, in our case, what happens is, whenever we do research, that means there is no specific 
product that is being developed, but the engineers are just experimenting with new concepts and 
POCs, etcetera. Those are all generally expensed off and they are not capitalized. 
[[PAGE 13]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Only when we identify a particular product with a revenue stream possibility, we take it as 
development and that is capitalized. And until the time when we start the revenue cycle, the 
moment revenue cycle comes, then amortization will start. So, it's a ve ry practical way of not 
recognizing things which are experimental in nature and recognizing things which are actually 
developmental in nature. 
Keshav Lahoti: Got it. Thank you, sir. Quite helpful. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vijay Sarthy T S  with Subhkam ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Vijay Sarthy T S: Good morning, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and thanks for this clarification. Just one question, 
sir. Could you give us the breakup of consolidated PA T among subsidiaries for the second 
quarter and first half, sir? 
Jairam Sampath: Breakup of consolidated PAT among subsidiaries? 
Vijay Sarthy T S: Among subsidiaries, yes? 
Jairam Sampath: Yes, it is there in the financials , it's published in the financials standalone for subsidiaries is 
already and consolidation is also published. If you want, we can reiterate that today. We'll be 
anyway publishing Q&A there. So, we will put that there. Not a problem. Take a bit of time for 
the holding subsidiaries. 
Vijay Sarthy T S: Yes, sure. Thanks a lot. Thanks. That's it. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from  the line of Sudheer Guntupalli with Kotak Mahindra 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Yes. Hi, team. Firstly, I missed the question by one of the previous participants on the promoter 
stake sale. So, Jairam, what exactly is it about and the line was not very clear? 
Jairam Sampath: No, he asked whether promoter stake will get diluted in the future. There are two ways in which 
promoter stake is diluted. One, if they sell directly as a block to a third party. Two, if we raise 
funds into the company, then also promoter stake will get diluted. I said in both cases, there is 
no plan in the near term that we have contemplated. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Fair enough. And secondly, in the research report that we are talking about, some of the data 
points which were very central to building a chain of seemingly speculative interpretations, like 
the 28% net margin Iskraemeco in H2 FY '25, the way capitalization amount is calculated by the 
analyst, including that assets from acquisition, tangible assets from acquisition, borrowing cost 
of 17% odd that was mentioned, etc etera., all seem to be factually incorrect. So, did you guys 
make an atte mpt to reach out to the concerned analysts and maybe getting an erratum note 
published? 
Jairam Sampath: Yes. So, though the one particular list of things indirectly sent to us by the concerned analyst 
through some known channels to us, which we answered. Of course, there was a small delay of 
[[PAGE 14]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
5 days, 10 days before we could answer because people were traveling and we needed to verify 
all the facts, etcetera, b ut then this was shared well before they published the report. And so, 
specifically, nobody really asked questions on any of these kinds of things.  
 So, as a part of Q&A, we have answered these actually. Perhaps the analyst felt that he was not 
satisfied, so he anyway went ahead and published it. But anyway, we have clarified it and today 
we'll reiterate. See, our job is to make sure that we are more transparent as a company and then 
we explain exactly what we meant. 
 And in the entire episode, if you really see, there's only one item which has caused this entire 
flood of speculation. So, we will make sure that next time even that small opportunity is not 
given. So, I don't want to, I don't wish to comment on why or the re are many wrong assertions 
he has made. 
 So, I would rather focus on informing our valued investors about what exactly the facts are and 
then also do our businesses. So, that's the stand we have taken and we'll be publishing this Q&A 
so that this can be in record too. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Fair enough. And my second question is, from a pure accounting standpoint, if I look at it, I 
think a booking, when an acquisition is done during purchase price allocation, booking 
something as intangible is a much better way and much more conservative accounting approach 
than a booking goodwill. Because obviously, intangible has a predetermined amortization 
schedule while goodwill is only tested for impairment on a periodic basis. 
 Now, from that standpoint, I think you have taken a more conservative approach. And also, one 
of the points that the previous participant mentioned that there was a receivable which is aged 
for more than a year. Again, if I understand it right, before Iskraemeco was acquired, this is 
actually a payable from our end.  Is that understanding, correct? It was a payable from Kaynes’ 
end to Iskraemeco before it was acquired. And this only reflects in terms of better payable 
management. 
 So, my question to your team is, if you have done a good job in being conservative on accounting 
in some aspects and in better payable management, so why is your investor relations team not 
so proactive in terms of clearing out these misinterpretations or misunderstandings? Ideally, they 
should have been much more proactive in terms of going to the market and clearing these 
misperceptions by the market participants. So, why is your Investor Relations team not so… 
Jairam Sampath: The point is well taken. And internally also, we were given very little time when we put out our 
first -- so, we have just covered some skeletal information on those six points which were 
conclusions in the report. 
 So, in future, we will probably take a day and then make sure that the detailed response is given, 
including those tables, etcetera, so that we can set the speculation at rest quickly. Your point is 
well taken. We are also internally counseling our people internally to make sure that they take 
these points more in a detailed fashion, seriously and more factually. 
[[PAGE 15]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
 And then, where there is a rebuttal required, we should rebut. Where there is clarification 
required, we should clarify. And where there is an acceptance required and correction, we should 
do that. Point well taken, sir. We will do that. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Fair enough, Jairam. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes on the line of Indrajit Agarwal with CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Indrajit Agarwal: Hi, sir. Thank you for this call. It clarifies a lot of things.  Couple of questions. One is more a 
factual question. In 1H FY '26, how much R&D we have spent and how much of that is expense 
and how much is capitalized? 
Jairam Sampath: Which period you are pertaining to, sir? 
Indrajit Agarwal: 1H FY '26. So, for the half year… 
Jairam Sampath: First half FY '26, sir. We will have to pull out those statements. And we were only prepared for 
answers to the FY  '25 numbers. So, we will pull that out and give it to you, sir. It is not very 
majorly different from our trend, actually. And there are a lot of ongoing ODM projects, etcetera, 
wherein, like I said, once the research phase is over and then we get into a targeted development 
of the product, the solution, then we start capitalizing those. And we will probably come to  -- 
we will publish this information, sir. Just give us some time. 
Ramesh Kunhikannan: ODM is a part of our main core business, EMS. So, this will be a continuous activity. We have 
to give solutions, upgrades to people. That becomes a major business for the next four to five 
years. So, in our EMS, our type of industry in aerospace, defense, railways… 
Jairam Sampath: Industry, so on. 
Ramesh Kunhikannan: This will continue, and then we need to do that. If you see, this company has come out in an 11-
month period and full-fledged Kavach. And we have got approval as well as we have got orders 
from the railways. 
Jairam Sampath: So, we will publish this number separately. It  is part of the chart of accounts that we have 
published, but we will point it out and give it to you. 
Indrajit Agarwal: Sure, this is helpful. Second, on the overall internal control issue, again in March, we had some 
scrutiny from SEBI on some disclosure of SDD, etcetera. So, how are we? Because we are now 
a large company with a sizable market cap, sizable top line, much more ambitious growth going 
ahead. 
So, do you think there is something that structurally needs to change, one, in the way you manage 
things, and second, in the way you communicate things, as the previous participant mentioned? 
So, is it more of a structural reform that you need, or what we are doing currently, we will 
continue to work with? 
[[PAGE 16]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Ramesh Kunhikannan: I fully understand what you are saying. Structurally, we are continuously working and 
improving, because we started as a small company, and from there we grew up, and then 
continuously we are growing. Our pace of growth is very high. 
 EMS is a deeply involved type of industry, but world over it is, all are in billions of dollars. So, 
we also need to scale up. Having said that, structurally, we will take somebody's advice and we'll 
start working with people to structurally improve, as we ll as we will also get into our 
communication a little better. If this has taught us a lesson, we will get there. 
Indrajit Agarwal: Thank you. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Achal Loha de with Nu vama Wealth 
Management Limited. Please go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: Good morning, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Just two questions. First, if you could clarify, 
with respect to receivables, Iskraemeco is our 100% subsidiary. So, I don't see a challenge in 
terms of disclosing what exactly their revenue and the profits were for the first half of FY  '26, 
and how much is the receivable as of 30th September 2025. If you could talk about that, and 
then I'll ask a follow-up question, sir. 
Jairam Sampath: Well, we had answered this question. I think the very first question was on this topic. We can 
tell you, H1  receivables, how much is Iskraemeco and, smart meter. So, the Iskraemeco 
current receivables plus, there are certain receivables which are beyond, not due within the year, 
but due after the year, including that is about INR687 crores of the total receivables. 
 Out of which, we had also talked about making sure that this approximately INR240 crores 
which pertains to these other non-current assets, we'll try and g et it discounted off our books. 
And the remaining one, whatever gets added will get added, and then collection cycle also, we're 
trying to see to it that from the current slightly elevated numbers, with some efficiency 
improvements in installations and all that. 
 And also, I think the overall RDSS program performance is also improving. So, we will try and 
collect it within a reasonable amount of time, not later than what we already have on our books. 
Achal Lohade: Understood. And what about the first half of FY '26 in terms of revenue and profit? 
Jairam Sampath: Yes, we had talked about it, sir. As of end of September, the total receivables, including other 
non-current assets, INR687. Revenues will be of the order of about INR500-odd crores in the 
first half. Exact number, I'm not able to disclose that to you. And then, of course, in the second 
half, we also plan some execution, which will be of the nature of about INR300-odd crores. So, 
these are the numbers as far as the smart metering business is concerned. 
 Mind you, this contains not only the erstwhile contracts of Iskraemeco, but also the newer ones 
which we have received as non- AMISPs business, which is the device and solutions. 
Achal Lohade: So, just to clarify, INR500 crores odd is recognized in first half, and another INR300 crores 
would happen in second half. Have I understood right, sir? 
[[PAGE 17]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Jairam Sampath: Yes, this is approximately correct. I'm not able to give you sharp answers… 
Achal Lohade: Yes, broadly. And this INR500 crores, whatever revenue is booked in first half will get collected 
in the second half. Would that be a fair assessment? I'm coming to the next question with respect 
to receivables. Obviously, by 31st March, 26th? Yes, sir. 
Jairam Sampath: Yes, sir. Our endeavor is to collect that. There would be a small portion of i t. We will – will 
probably go into the other non-current assets because this is still a bulk of the revenues pertaining 
to the revenue from the previous contract that we got on our hand after acquisition. So, you're 
right. 
 Broadly, that's the direction for all the current receivables, and that there could be a quantum of 
INR100 crores-INR200-odd crores, which we may have to do some documentation before we 
can, say, quote, unquote, collect it in our books. So, you're right. Directionally, we should do 
that. Maybe about INR100 crores-INR200 crores would still require some work from our side. 
Achal Lohade: Got it. And second question, would there be a free cash flow generation out of your EMS 
business over the next couple of years, given the kind of growth rate that we are talking about, 
the asset turns, what this EMS business requires? Is it fair to say that most of the cash generated 
will get consummated for the EMS capex itself? Or next 2 years? 
Jairam Sampath: Yes. So, from EMS business, we don't contemplate that there'll be any free cash flow, operating 
cash flow for sure. Then there'll be investing activities, which will basically lead to assets adding. 
So, part of the efficiency improvement we will do by adding, I know, improving our asset turns 
in the EMS business itself by debottle necking and by starting off clients which are already 
onboarded and client-specific assets which have been made. 
In addition to that, we'll also add, because we slated for a fairly reasonable amount of growth. If 
you take last several 4 years CAGR, the next few years CAGR also will be thereabouts. So, that 
would, at some point in time, by the next year or so, we'll have to add the assets.  And that will 
come from our EMS business itself. So, OCF positive, yes. FCF, I'm not sure in the near-term 
that will happen because we'll have to reinvest for growth. 
Moderator: Thank you. Mr. Lohade, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question comes in the 
line of Renu Baid Pugalia with IIFL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: Yes, hi. Good morning, team. I have three questions.  First, in Iskraemeco, while you did 
highlight the performance of first half. Overall fiscal '25, which is a gross margin, looked fairly 
elevated or soft because of the impairment that has taken. So, can you quantify what was the 
impairment done by the erstwhile management before the acquisition was closed, which has 
deflated the gross margins for full year to just about 10% in Iskraemeco? 
Second, you did suggest in the previous question that you can have revenues from Iskraemeco 
business would just be about INR300 crores, while overall revenue growth will accelerate.  So, 
from a general investor concern on growth in core EMS, can you highlight that after 42 billion 
[[PAGE 18]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
kind of revenue guidance that we have seen in second half, which other segments in EMS do 
you expect ramp up? 
Some more color in terms of how has been the performance for autos, aerospace, defense, IT, 
rail, EVs will be helpful. And lastly, on OSAT, can you give us a milestone while update in 
terms of while we have done the investment from our end, how is the capital subsidy from central 
government expected over the next 12 months till we expect the full-fledged commissioning of 
our OSAT facilities? 
Jairam Sampath: Thank you, Renuji. I think quite good questions. So, firstly, the Iskraemeco's first half last year, 
first half meaning I'm just calling it half, but the first portion of standalone financial last year, 
we had instructed them to take a write -off of inventory which are not usable in the new 
generation of products, etcetera. 
 They had done a lot of experimentation over 3-4 years' timeframe, so that led to about INR44 
crores of write -off of inventory on their books. And these are not pertaining to current 
businesses, but these are pertaining to items which they have acquired to do different types of 
design. As you know, with the acquisition of Iskraemeco, we got our own design solution for 
smart meters. 
 And of course, there was a small quantum about other expenses, roughly about INR6 crores. So 
this put together was about INR50 crores, whereas they did business of about INR85 crores. So 
in that business, they actually made a turn that profit of two, but then this was minus 50 plus 
two, so it became minus 48. 
 The second half, obviously, without this burden, the company could turn around a good profit, 
I think around INR530-odd crores of the sale after consolidation, revenues after consolidation. 
And then we did turn around about INR49-odd crores of profits in that. So the net for the year 
stood at whatever number it did. 
The second thing is the relative impact of, let's say, in the short run of any particular vertical. I'll 
broadly take this question. Firstly, as of now, you'll be happy to note that in the second half, out 
of the remaining amount that we are going to do, g uidance, Iskraemeco is not going to be 
significantly higher. 
 In fact, in terms of percentage, it will keep coming lower. And this is how it happens. Actually, 
if you see about 3 years ago, our growth was led by automotive sector generally, then for some 
time, there was electric vehicles that grew the business. At some point in time, the business has 
grown by, let's say, smart metering business. 
And then this year, the notable segments are there is a good growth in automotive. There's good 
growth in other industrial, other than smart meter. There is good growth in electric vehicles too. 
A few marquee customers, I can't disclose the name, but very good marquee customers have 
been acquired. And they have also kind of put new plans, increasing their volumes, etcetera. 
[[PAGE 19]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
 Then there is railway -- one major resurgence of railways, we call it. 4 years ago, railway used 
to be about 30% of our business. And then over time, of course, it is dependent on a lot of other 
factors. But we kept on our work with the result that we have now developed probably countries, 
one of the most comprehensive coverage programs. 
So, we have got approval and orders, etcetera. And then, of course, the last one is aerospace, 
which we have acquired a sizable amount of orders from one of the OEMs abroad.  And this is 
increasing also from their own statements in the media. Also, you can find out that they are, and 
our facilities also kind of completely come to completion and it's approved also. So, second half, 
you can see fairly good growth with respect to these areas. 
 Now, as far as the question on OSAT is concerned, we'll be happy to note that we have acquired 
three clients. They all of them have themselves come out and given press statements, actually, 
because we are not allowed to talk about it unless we get consent.  But they have, so these are 
Alpha Omega Semiconductor, Infineon, and the Larsen and Toubro's business takeover of one 
portion of Fujitsu General’s Semiconductor business. 
 And all three of them, one of them, we were the first in the country to actually ship out the 
chipsets, even though we got this thing the last, the approvals the last. And so, the samples have 
been shipped out, so in some sense, technically, the commercial production has started. But of 
course, we are focusing on trying to get the sample approval from all of these customers before 
we do a significant amount of business. 
 So, this year, while we did put a small target on us for revenues, but I'm not very sure whether 
we'll be pursuing the target more than pursuing approval from these three customers, because 
the approval from these three customers will help us to do good reven ues, starting from FY '27 
onwards. 
Now, as far as the flow of subsidy, etc etera, is concerned, whatever little we have spent, and 
wherever there was dues from the government have been fulfilled within one week's time. Like, 
for instance, we got the land related discount subsidies within one week of approval from the 
central government. 
 So, from the central government side, there is absolutely no delay. From our side, we had redone 
the list of collaborators to reflect the correct reality, and that has been done. So anytime soon, 
we'll start getting the, whatever capex we have done from our side, eligible capex, and that we'll 
get reimbursements. 
 And then, pari passu basis, escrow account will be opened. So, we don't foresee any trouble. Just 
for your information, we also put together a small team with a very qualified person to head this 
particular subsidy management process within the company, so that it does not get, since the 
subsidies are in thousands of  crores, so we don't want it to be locked in the regular routine 
activities. So we are making sure that there is a specific team working on it for documentation, 
for complying with the requirements of the subsidy, etcetera. 
[[PAGE 20]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Renu Baid Pugalia: So at least from your end, because of a likely lag in the daily of capital subsidy from central 
government, there would be no bloat on the working capital, or no bloat on the leverage on 
books, or delay of the project. It will be managed within the given timeline? 
Jairam Sampath:  Yes, yes, yes. And also, see, one of the things that we must note is that in the DPR, we normally 
don't take too much of credit terms from suppliers, but most of the capex suppliers do give credit. 
So, we will manage that judiciously to make sure that we not fall short of money, and there'll be 
no, let's say, reliance on our parent entity for doing the OSAT project.  Other than the fact that, 
of course, the corporate related activities, other than that, money -wise, I think they are self -
sufficient. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ms. Pugalia, please reject the queue for more questions. Next question comes on the 
line of Manikantha Garre with Franklin Templeton India. Please go ahead. 
Manikantha Garre: Thanks for the opportunity. Just a clarification and another question. In answer to the previous 
participant, you mentioned about the inventory write -off clarity from the inventory that was 
taken in H1 of Iskraemeco '25. In your commentary to one of the questions you mentioned, there 
are drawbacks. 
Moderator: Sorry for interfering. Your voice is breaking. Can you just come in the range and talk? 
Manikantha Garre: How is it now? Yes, sir. So what I was trying to check was on the H1 FY '25 write-offs that you 
have already clarified on, you gave a number. But to one of the questions, there are some broader 
corporate cleanups as well. Could you also quantify that? And secondly, related to this, if I look 
at Iskraemeco's standalone P&L, all these one-offs are not mentioned in the P&L. I don't see any 
number as the exceptional items. Would you have any color on that? That's the first question. 
Jairam Sampath: Sure. So fundamentally, like I said, this is provision for write -off and not really write-off. And 
second thing is, I think in the Iskraemeco's books, we are talking about the old receivables of 
about some INR45 odd crores. 
That is more a reconciliation with our company, which is happening. Once the reconciliation 
results are there, then we'll reflect it in the individual standalone as well as consolidated numbers. 
But we don't expect any major negative impact on a consolidated basis. but then there would be 
some inter-subsidiary related transactions that we may have to recognize. 
Manikantha Garre: Sorry, sir. I was asking about H1 FY '2 5 Iskraemeco numbers, where you mentioned about 
inventory write -offs and corporate cleanup. Firstly, these are not mentioned in Iskraemeco's 
P&L, FY '25 P&L. I don't see -- any number as the exceptional item. 
Jairam Sampath: Yes, that's because we acquired the company. It happened when the company was outside this. 
So as per accounting standards, we have made all the disclosures required.  And I've also 
abundantly clarified that in the call, we'll put out as an FAQ too, so that it's factual in nature. 
Manikantha Garre: Right, sir. And if I have to assume that the…. 
[[PAGE 21]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Jairam Sampath: The inventory write-off will be found in the COGS line, sir.  That's why the cost of goods sold 
has increased and the profits have come down. 
Manikantha Garre: Got it. And secondly, on the receivables for Iskraemeco in FY '25, there is an aging schedule 
that was given. I would assume that the less than six months is pertaining to H2, and six months 
to one year is pertaining to H1.  I'm just trying to understand with such huge difference in 
revenues for H1 and H2 of Iskraemeco financials, why the receivables difference is not showing 
that much variance? See Iskraemeco H1 is significantly lower than H2. 
Jairam Sampath: No Broadly, I will tell you. Broadly, I'll tell you numbers my friend, Senthil can quantify.  
Senthil:  See broadly, the first half, whatever receivables are there pertaining to things that have happened 
in the past. Now, this is not necessarily one half or one period's result. 
And so when we acquired the company, we got a balance sheet while acquisition of the company 
and then we just consolidated that into our total standalone for Iskraemeco for the last year. 
Second half, I mean, it's not really half but a second portion of the year, which is where we 
purportedly did about INR532 odd crores of business. 
So that contains all the itemized details and they are pertaining only to the current business. The 
previous ones would have a lot of items that need to be reconciled actually. And so that's why 
you may not see a like-to-like comparison in the receivable profile with reference to the business 
profile. 
Manikantha Garre: Right, sir. And when have you moved from AMISP to completely providing product as a 
solution? 
Ramesh Kunhikannan: No, no, no. We are working on AMISP model. 
Jairam Sampath: Sir, we have already an existing contract with PGC IL. Bulk of it has been already done. Close 
to about 60-70% of that is completed. There is a small portion remaining. This is contractual in 
nature. We cannot get away from it. 
But all the other ones are all based on our EMS type of model wherein there is a definitive period 
for payment. It is not extended beyond one year. So other than PGCIL contract, all other 
contracts are all non-AMISP, which you can say that after we have taken over many new orders 
that have come in all from non-PGCIL book direction is all non-AMISP type of. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-
and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Jairam Sampath: Yes, sir. So I would like to thank all the participants who take a time on early morning. And I'll 
request our Executive Vice Chairman, Mr. Ramesh Kannan, to just make some closing remarks, 
so that we can close the session. 
[[PAGE 22]]
  
 Kaynes Technology India Limited
 December 08, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Ramesh Kunhikannan: Actually, our plan is to more and more concentrate on our main business that is EMS. We have 
worked very hard in the last eight months and we have acquired a lot of aerospace customers, 
defense customers. We have got railway new products. Earlier, we were only in signaling in 
railway. 
Today, we have got into rolling stock. Then Kavach, we have added. So, our main concentration 
will never move out from EMS, and we are committed to that. And this will help us to get more 
and more orders and march towards our mission on whatever guidance we have given you in the 
past. 
Regarding structural improvement, we have added more people on the taxation side, more 
people on finance, manufacturing, and brought more leadership into the company. And we are 
committed. We'll also re-examine, revisit our structural as well as communication models. And 
we will improve from this. This, I thought I should add as a total thing.  Since our auditor, Mr. 
Mohan Lavi, is also there in the call. Mr. Mohan, you would like to add something? 
Mohan Lavi: No, sir. Generally, I think I agreed with most of the points mentioned, nothing specific. But just 
to assure all of you all that, yes, we are seized of the note which has been given and the company 
has proactively taken measures to actually strengthen their internal control process. 
In fact, most of the data will now flow from the ERP system itself so that manual intervention 
is minimized. So, I'm sure that going forward, we will be able to sort of get into a better 
transparency, better disclosure, and ensure that things are all correct. 
Ramesh Kunhikannan: Thank you, Mr. Mohan, and thank you all parties interested in Kaynes as well as invested in 
Kaynes, our stakeholders. Thank you very much. 
Jairam Sampath: Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Kaynes Technology India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
