
===== PAGE 1 =====
$ Sleepwell 
Date: July 26, 2022 
To 
The Secretary The Manager, 
(Listing Department) The National Stock Exchange India 
The BSE Limited Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 Bandra(E), Mumbai-400051 
BSE Scrip Code: 540203 NSE Symbol: SFL 
Subject: Intimation of Annual General Meeting to be held over video 
conference 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please find attached Notice of Fiftieth (AGM) and Annual Report for the Financial 
Year 2022. The same will be made available on the Company’s website, at 
http://www.sheelafoam.com 
The Company is providing remote e-voting facility to its member to cast their 
vote electronically on the business as set forth in the Notice of the AGM through 
the electronic voting system of Link Intime India Private Limited (LIIPL). Mr. 
Amitabh, Partner, AVA Associates, Company Secretaries, appointed as a 
Scrutinizer. The Result of e-voting shall be declared on August 20, 2022. 
The Cut-off’ Record date fixed for the purpose of ascertaining the member 
eligible for e-voting as Friday, August 11, 2022. 
The e-voting facility shall be commenced at 10.00 a.m. on August 14, 2022 and 
ended on 05.00 p-m. on August 17, 2022. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sheela i 
A) y ww ; 
(Md. Iquebal Ahmad) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
SHEELA FOAM LTD. 
#14, Sleepwell Tower , Sector 135, Noida- 201301 
Ph: Int-91 (0)-120-4162200 » Fax: Int-91-(0)-120-4162282, 4162283 » Email: contactus@sheelafoam.com 
Regd. Office: 604 Ashadeep, 9 Hailey Road, New Delhi-110001, India » Ph: Int-91(0)-11-22026875-76 
Toll Free: 1800 103 6664 » www.sleepwellproducts.com » www.sheelafoam.com 
CIN-L74899DL1971PLC005679
===== PAGE 2 =====
Notice | 1
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE FIFTIETH (50TH) 
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHEELA FOAM LIMITED 
WILL BE HELD ON THURSDAY , 18TH AUGUST 2022 AT 
10:00 A.M. (IST) THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCE (VC)/
OTHER AUDIO VISUAL MEANS (OAVM) (HEREIN AFTER 
REFERRED TO AS ELECTRONIC MODE) TO TRANSACT 
THE FOLLOWING BUSINESS:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. To receive, consider and adopt the audited Financial 
Statements of the Company for the year 2022 
(Standalone and Consolidated) including audited 
Balance Sheet as at 31 st March 2022, the Statement 
of Profit and Loss and Cash Flow Statement for the 
year ended on that date and the Reports of Board of 
directors and Auditors thereon.
2. To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Tushaar Gautam 
(DIN 01646487), who retires by rotation and, being 
eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
3. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following Resolution as 
an Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 148(3) and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rule, 2014(including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof, for the time being enforce), M/s. Mahesh 
Singh & Co, Cost Accountants, appointed by the 
Board of Directors of the Company to conduct the 
Audit of the cost records of the Company, for the 
Financial Year 2022-23, be paid ` 1,50,000/- (Rupees 
One Lakh Fifty Thousand only) plus applicable tax. ”
4. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following Resolution as 
an Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT the Company hereby accords its 
approval for the payment of ` 15,00,000 (Rupees 
Fifteen Lakh only) commission to each Independent 
Directors, for one year of service, that is over and 
above the sitting fees payable to the Independent 
Directors. ”
Sheela Foam Limited
(CIN : L74899DL 1971PLC005679)
Registered Office : 604, Ashadeep, 9 Hailey Road, New Delhi 110001
Email :investorrelation@sheelafoam.com
Phone : + 91 11 2202 6875
Notice
5. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following Resolution as 
a Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Sections 196, 197, 203 and any other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for 
the time being in force), read with Schedule V to the 
Companies Act, 2013, the Company hereby accords 
its approval to the reappointment of Mr. Rahul 
Gautam (DIN 0019299), as the Managing Director for 
a period of five years with effect from 1 st April, 2022 
on the terms and conditions of appointment and 
remuneration as approved by the Board/Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee time to time, material 
terms of which are set out in the explanatory 
statement attached to this notice, and the period 
of his office shall be not be liable to determination 
by retirement of directors by rotation and the Board 
of Directors be and is hereby authorised to alter and 
vary such terms of appointment and remuneration 
so as not to exceed the limits specified in Schedule V 
to the Companies Act, 2013 as may be agreed to by 
the Board of Directors and Mr. Rahul Gautam. ”
6. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following Resolution as 
a Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Sections 196, 197, 203 and any other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof 
for the time being in force), read with Schedule V 
to the Companies Act, 2013, the Company hereby 
accords its approval to the reappointment of Ms. 
Namita Gautam  (DIN 00190463), as the Whole-
time Director for a period of five years with effect 
from 1 st April, 2022 on the terms and conditions 
of appointment and remuneration as approved 
by the Board/Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee time to time, material terms of which 
===== PAGE 3 =====
2 | Sheela Foam Limited
are set out in the explanatory statement attached 
to this notice, and the period of her office shall be 
liable to determination by retirement of directors 
by rotation and the Board of Directors be and is 
hereby authorised to alter and vary such terms of 
appointment and remuneration so as not to exceed 
the limits specified in Schedule V to the Companies 
Act, 2013 as may be agreed to by the Board of 
Directors and Ms Namita Gautam.
7. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following Resolution as 
an Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Sections 196, 197, 203 and any other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof 
for the time being in force), read with Schedule V 
to the Companies Act, 2013, the Company hereby 
accords its approval to the reappointment of Mr. 
Rakesh Chahar (DIN 00180587), as the Whole-
time Director for a period of five years with effect 
from 1st April, 2022 on the terms and conditions of 
appointment and remuneration as approved by the 
Board/Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
time to time, material terms of which are set out in the 
explanatory statement attached to this notice, and 
the period of his office shall be liable to determination 
by retirement of directors by rotation and the Board 
of Directors be and is hereby authorised to alter and 
vary such terms of appointment and remuneration 
so as not to exceed the limits specified in Schedule V 
to the Companies Act, 2013 as may be agreed to by 
the Board of Directors and Mr. Rakesh Chahar. ”
8. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following Resolution as 
an Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Sections 196, 197, 203 and any other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof 
for the time being in force), read with Schedule V 
to the Companies Act, 2013, the Company hereby 
accords its approval to the reappointment of Mr. 
Tushaar Gautam (DIN 01646487), as the Whole-
time Director for a period of five years with effect 
from 1st April, 2022 on the terms and conditions of 
appointment and remuneration as approved by the 
Board/Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
time to time, material terms of which are set out in the 
explanatory statement attached to this notice, and 
the period of his office shall be liable to determination 
by retirement of directors by rotation and the Board 
of Directors be and is hereby authorised to alter and 
vary such terms of appointment and remuneration 
so as not to exceed the limits specified in Schedule V 
to the Companies Act, 2013 as may be agreed to by 
the Board of Directors and Mr. Tushaar Gautam. ”
9. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following Resolution as 
a Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 149 and 
152 read with Schedule IV and all other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualification of 
Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modifications(s) or enactment thereof for the time 
being in force) and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time 
and pursuant to the recommendations of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and 
by the Board of Directors of the Company, term of 
Mr. Som Mittal (DIN: 00074842), Non-executive 
Independent Director, be increased form four (4) 
years to five (5) years and he will continue to hold 
the office of independent director till 6 th June 2026 
and he shall not be liable to retire by rotation. ”
10. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following Resolution as 
a Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 149 and 
152 read with Schedule IV and all other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualification of 
Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modifications(s) or enactment thereof for the time 
being in force) and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time 
and pursuant to the recommendations of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and 
by the Board of Directors of the Company, term of 
Mr. Anil Tandon (DIN: 00089404), Non-executive 
Independent Director, be increased form three (3) 
years to five (5) years and he will continue to hold 
the office of independent director till 6 th June 2026 
and he shall not be liable to retire by rotation. ”
11. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following Resolution as 
a Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 149 and 
152 read with Schedule IV and all other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualification of 
Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modifications(s) or enactment thereof for the time 
===== PAGE 4 =====
Notice | 3
being in force) and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time 
and pursuant to the recommendations of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and by 
the Board of Directors of the Company, term of Lt. 
Gen. (Dr.) V.K. Ahluwalia (DIN: 08078092), Non-
executive Independent Director, be increased form 
three (3) years to five (5) years and he will continue to 
hold the office of independent director till 4 th March 
2026 and he shall not be liable to retire by rotation. ”
12. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following Resolution as 
a Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 149 and 
152 read with Schedule IV and all other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualification of 
Directors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modifications(s) or enactment thereof for the time 
being in force) and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time 
and pursuant to the recommendations of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and by 
the Board of Directors of the Company, term of Ms. 
Meena Jagtiani (DIN: 08396893), Non-executive 
Independent Director, be increased form three (3) 
years to five (5) years and she will continue to hold 
the office of independent director till 7 th April 2027 
and she shall not be liable to retire by rotation. ”
13. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or 
without modification(s), the following Resolution as 
an ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 13, 62 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made 
thereunder (including any statutory modification or 
re-enactment thereof for the time being in force) 
and the provisions of the Articles of Association of 
the company, the approval of the company, be and 
is hereby accorded to increase the authorised share 
capital of the company from from ` 44,01,05,000 
(Rupees Forty Four Crore One Lakh Five Thousand 
Only) divided into 8,80,21,000 (Eight Crore Eighty 
Lakh Twenty One Thousand) equity shares of  
` 5 (Rupees Five Only) each to ` 100,00,00,000 
(Rupees One Hundred Crores Only) divided into 
20,00,00,000 (Twenty Crore) equity shares of 
` 5 (Rupees Five Only) each by way of creating 
additional capital of ` 55,98,95,000 (Fifty-five Crore 
Ninety Eight Lakh Ninety Five Thousand) consisting 
of 11,19,79,000 (Eleven Crore Nineteen Lakh Seventy 
Nine Thousand) equity shares of ` 5 (Rupees Five 
Only) each and consequently clause no. V of the 
memorandum of association of the company be 
substituted by the following:
 “The Authorized Share Capital of the Company is  
` 100,00,00,000 (Rupees One Hundred Crores 
Only) divided into 20,00,00,000 (Twenty Crore) 
equity shares of ` 5 (` Five Only) each.”
14. To approve ‘SHEELA FOAM - Employees Stock 
Option Plan 2022’ and in this regard, pass the 
following resolution as a Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 62 (1) (b) of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act ”) and the Companies (Share Capital and 
Debentures) Rules, 2014 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Act, including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment of the Act for the 
time being in force and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of 
Association of the Company and the provisions of the 
Securities and Exchange Board Of India (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 
2021 including any modifications thereof or 
supplements thereto (“ the SEBI SBEB and Sweat 
Equity Regulations”), SEBI  (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure  Requirements)  Regulations, 2015 (“ the 
SEBI LODR Regulations ”),the Listing Agreement 
entered into with the Stock Exchange where the 
securities of the Company are listed and any 
other applicable laws for the time being in force 
and subject to such other consents, permissions, 
sanctions and approvals which may be agreed by 
the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter 
referred to as “ the Board ” which term shall be 
deemed to include the Compensation Committee 
/ Nomination and Remuneration Committee), 
consent of the Shareholders be and is hereby 
accorded to introduce and implement the ‘ SHEELA 
FOAM - Employees Stock Option Plan 2022’ (“SF 
ESOP - 2022”)  the salient features of which are 
detailed in the Explanatory Statement to this Notice 
and to create, grant, offer, issue and allot at any 
time in one or more tranches to or for the benefit 
of such person(s) who are in the employment of the 
Company, whether working in India or outside India, 
including Director of the Company, whether Whole-
time director or not, including a non-executive 
director, but excluding Promoter, Promoter group 
and independent Directors, a director who, either 
himself or through his relative or through anybody 
corporate, directly or indirectly, holds more than 
ten per cent of the outstanding equity shares of the 
company and such other persons as may from time 
to time be allowed to be eligible for the benefit under 
the provisions of applicable laws and Regulations 
prevailing from time to time (hereinafter collectively 
referred to as “Employees”) selected on the basis of 
criteria decided by the Board under the SF ESOP - 
===== PAGE 5 =====
4 | Sheela Foam Limited
2022, such number of stock options convertible into 
Equity Shares of the Company (“Options”), in one or 
more tranches, not exceeding 2,400,000 (Twenty 
four Lakhs) equity shares of face value of ` 5/- each 
(Rupees Five), at such price and on such terms and 
conditions as may be fixed or determined by the 
Board in accordance with the SF ESOP - 2022, and all 
provisions of applicable laws.
 " RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Scheme may also 
envisage provisions for providing financial assistance 
to the Eligible Employees to enable them to acquire, 
purchase or subscribe to the said Securities of the 
Company in accordance with the provisions of the 
Act/Regulations."
 " RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board be and is 
hereby authorized to issue and allot Equity Shares 
directly to the eligible Employees upon exercise of 
Options from time to time in accordance with the SF 
ESOP - 2022 and such equity shares shall rank pari-
passu in all respects with the then existing equity 
shares of the Company."
 " RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of any corporate 
action(s) such as rights issues, bonus issues, 
merger, buy-back, scheme of arrangement and 
sale of division or other re-organisation of capital 
structure of the Company, as applicable from time 
to time, if any additional equity shares are issued 
by the Company for the purpose of making a fair 
and reasonable adjustment to the Stock Options 
granted earlier, the above ceiling shall be deemed to 
be increased to the extent of such additional equity 
shares issued."
 " RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in case the equity 
shares of the Company are either sub-divided or 
consolidated, then the number of equity shares 
to be issued and allotted on exercise of Options 
granted under the SF ESOP - 2022 and the exercise 
price of Options granted under the SF ESOP - 2022 
shall automatically stand augmented or reduced, 
as the case may be, in the same proportion as the 
present face value of ` 5/- per equity share bears to 
their revised face value of the equity shares of the 
Company after such sub-division or consolidation, 
without affecting any other rights or obligations 
of the employees who have been granted Stock 
Options under the SF ESOP - 2022."
 " RESOLVED FURTHER THAT without prejudice to the 
generality of the above; the Board, which includes 
the Compensation/ Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee is authorised to formulate, evolve, 
decide upon and implement the SF ESOP - 2022, 
determine the detailed terms and conditions of the 
aforementioned SF ESOP - 2022 including but not 
limited to the quantum of the Options to be granted 
per employee, the number of Options to be granted 
in each tranche, the terms or combination of terms 
subject to which the said Options are to be granted, 
the exercise period, the vesting period, the vesting 
conditions, instances where such Stock Options 
shall lapse and to grant such number of Options, 
to such employees of the Company, at price, at 
such time and on such terms and conditions as 
set out in the SF ESOP - 2022 and as the Board or 
the Compensation/ Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee may in its absolute discretion think fit."
 " RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee be designated as the 
Compensation Committee in accordance with 
Regulation 5(1) and Regulation 5(2) of the SEBI SBEB 
and Sweat Equity Regulations for the purposes of 
administration of SF ESOP - 2022."
 " RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board is hereby 
authorised to make any modifications, changes, 
variations, alterations or revisions in the SF ESOP 
- 2022 as it may deem fit, from time to time or to 
suspend, withdraw or revive the SF ESOP - 2022 from 
time to time, in conformity with applicable laws, 
provided such variations, modifications, alterations 
or revisions are not detrimental to the interests of 
the Employees."
 " RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board shall take 
necessary steps for listing of the Equity Shares 
allotted under the SF ESOP - 2022 on the Stock 
Exchanges, where the Shares of the Company 
are listed in accordance with the provisions of the 
SEBI SBEB and Sweat Equity Regulations, the SEBI 
LODR Regulations and other applicable laws and 
regulations."
 " RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  for the purpose of 
giving effect to this Resolution, the Board be and is 
hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters 
and things as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem 
necessary, expedient or proper and to settle all 
questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in 
relation to formulation and implementation of the 
SF ESOP - 2022 at any stage including at the time 
of listing of the equity shares issued herein without 
requiring the Board to secure any further consent or 
approval of the Members of the Company to the end 
and intent that they shall be deemed to have given 
their approval thereto expressly by the authority of 
this Resolution."
 " RESOLVED FURTHER THAT   the Board be and is 
hereby authorized to delegate all or any powers 
conferred herein to Compensation/ Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee or such other 
Committees, with power to  sub-delegate  to any 
Executives/Officers of the Company to do all such 
===== PAGE 6 =====
Notice | 5
acts, deeds, matters and things as also to execute 
such documents, writings etc., as may be necessary 
in this regard. ”
15. To extend approval of ‘SHEELA FOAM - Employees 
Stock Option Plan 2022’ to the employees of 
Holding Company, Associate Company(ies), Group 
Company(ies) and its Subsidiary Company (ies) 
[present and future] and in this regard, pass the 
following resolution as a Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions 
of Section 62 (1) (b) of the Companies Act,2013 
(“the Act ”) and the Companies (Share Capital and 
Debentures) Rules, 2014 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Act, the Securities and 
Exchange Board Of India (Share Based Employee 
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 
including any modifications thereof or supplements 
thereto (“ the SEBI SBEB and Sweat Equity 
Regulations”), SEBI  (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements)  Regulations, 2015 (“ the 
SEBI LODR Regulations ”), the Listing Agreement 
entered into with the Stock Exchanges where the 
securities of the Company are listed and any other 
applicable laws for the time being in force and subject 
to such other consents, permissions, sanctions and 
approvals as may be necessary and which may be 
agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company 
(hereinafter referred to as “ the Board” , which term 
shall be deemed to include any Committee including 
the Compensation/ Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee to exercise the powers conferred by 
this Resolution), consent and approval of the 
Shareholders be and is hereby accorded to extend 
the benefits of ‘ SHEELA FOAM - Employees Stock 
Option Plan 2022’ (“SF ESOP - 2022”)  proposed in 
the resolution number 14 above to such persons 
who are in the employment of the Holding Company, 
Group Company(ies), Associate Company(ies) and its 
Subsidiary Company(ies) (whether now or hereafter 
existing, whether incorporated in India or overseas 
as may be from time to time be allowed under the 
prevailing laws, rules and regulations and / or any 
amendments thereto from time to time), whether 
working in India or out of India and to the directors 
of the Holding Company, Group Company(ies), 
Associate Company(ies) or its Subsidiary 
Companies, and to such other persons as may from 
time to time be allowed, under prevailing laws, rules 
and regulations, and/or amendments thereto from 
time to time, on such terms and conditions as may 
be decided by the Board, and selected on the basis 
of criteria prescribed by the Board, at such price or 
prices in one or more tranches and on such terms 
and conditions, as may be fixed or determined by the 
Board in accordance with the SF ESOP - 2022."
 " RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  for the purpose of 
creating, offering, issuing, allotting and listing of 
the Securities, the Board be authorized on behalf of 
the Company to make any modifications, changes, 
variations, alterations or revisions in the SF ESOP – 
2022 from time to time or to suspend, withdraw, or 
revive SF ESOP - 2022 from time to time, provided 
such variations, modifications, alterations or 
revisions are not detrimental to the interests of the 
Employees."
 " RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving 
effect to this Resolution, the Board be authorized 
to determine terms and conditions of issue of the 
Securities and do all such acts, deeds, matters and 
things as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem 
necessary for such purpose and with power on 
behalf of the Company to settle any questions, 
difficulties or doubts that may arise in this regard 
without requiring to secure any further consent or 
approval of the Shareholders of the Company. ”
 By order of the Board
Md. Iquebal Ahmad
Date: 12th May, 2022 Company Secretary and  
Place: Noida Compliance Officer
===== PAGE 7 =====
6 | Sheela Foam Limited
IMPORTANT NOTES:
1.  Pursuant to the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
(“MCA”) General Circular Nos. 14/ 2020 dated April 
8, 2020 and 17 / 2020 dated April 13, 2020, Circular 
No. 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020 read with General 
Circular No.02/2021 dated January 13, 2021, Circular 
No. 19/21 dated 8 th December 2021, 21/2021 dated 
14th December 2021 and 02/2022 dated May 5 2022 
(collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”) has 
permitted the holding of the annual general meeting 
through Video Conferencing (“VC”) or through Other 
Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”), without the physical 
presence of the Members at a common venue. The 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) vide 
its circular dated January 15, 2021 read with May 
12, 2020 (“SEBI Circulars”) has granted relaxation in 
respect of sending physical copies of annual report 
to shareholders and requirement of proxy for general 
meetings held through electronic mode.
  Therefore the 50 th Annual General Meeting 
(“Meeting” or “ AGM”) of the Company is being held 
through VC / OAVM on Thursday, August 18, 2022 at 
10:00 a.m. (IST). The proceedings of AGM deemed 
to be conducted at the Registered Office of the 
Company situated at 604, Ashadeep, 9 Hailey Road, 
New Delhi 110001.
2. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel and their shareholding, maintained under 
Section 170 of the Act, and the Register of Contracts 
or Arrangements in which the directors are 
interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Act, 
will be available electronically for inspection by the 
members during the AGM. All documents referred 
to in the Notice will also be available for electronic 
inspection without any fee by the members from 
the date of circulation of this Notice up to the date 
of AGM, i.e. August 18, 2022. Members seeking 
to inspect such documents can send an email to 
investorrelation@sheelafoam.com.
3.  Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, a Member entitled to attend and vote at the 
Annual General Meeting is entitled to appoint a 
proxy to attend and vote on his/her behalf and the 
proxy need not be a Member of the Company. Since 
this AGM is being held pursuant to the MCA Circulars 
through VC/OAVM, physical attendance of Members 
has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for 
appointment of proxies by the Members will not be 
available for the Annual General Meeting and hence 
the Proxy Form and Attendance Slip are not annexed 
to the Notice.
4. Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“ Act”) setting out material 
facts concerning the business under Item Nos. 3 to 
15 of the accompanying Notice, is annexed hereto.
5. Institutional/Corporate Shareholders (i.e. other 
than individuals/HUF, NRI, etc) are required to 
send a scanned copy (PDF/JPEG Format) of its 
Board Resolution or governing body Resolution/
Authorisation etc., authorising its representative to 
attend the Annual General Meeting through VC/OAVM 
on its behalf and to vote through remote e-voting. 
The said Resolution/Authorization shall be sent to 
the Scrutinizer by email through their registered email 
address to avafirm@gmail.com with copies marked to 
the Company at investorrelation@sheelafoam.com 
and to its RTA at delhi@linkintime.co.in
6.  In case the shareholder’ s email ID is already 
registered with the Company/its Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent “RTA”/Depositories, log in details 
for e-voting are being sent on the registered email 
address.
 In case the shareholder has not registered his/her/
their email address with the Company/its RTA/
Depositories and or not updated the Bank Account 
mandate for receipt of dividend, the following 
instructions to be followed:
(i) Kindly log in to the website of our RTA, Link 
Intime India Private Ltd., www.linkintime.co.in 
under Investor Services > Email/Bank detail 
Registration- fill in the details and upload the 
required documents and submit.
 OR
(ii) In the case of Shares held in Demat mode:
 The shareholder may please contact the 
Depository Participant (“DP”) and register the 
email address and bank account details in the 
demat account as per the process followed and 
advised by the DP .
7. To prevent fraudulent transactions, members are 
advised to exercise due diligence and notify any 
change in address or demise of any member as soon 
as possible. Members are also advised not to leave 
their demat account(s) dormant for long. Periodic 
statement of holdings should be obtained from 
the concerned Depository Participant and holdings 
should be verified.
8. The Notice of the Annual General Meeting along 
with the Annual Report for the financial year 2021-
22 is being sent only by electronic mode to those 
Members whose email addresses are registered with 
the Company/Depositories in accordance with the 
aforesaid MCA Circulars and circular issued by SEBI 
dated May 12, 2020. Members may note that the 
Notice of Annual General Meeting and Annual Report 
for the financial year 2021-22 will also be available 
===== PAGE 8 =====
Notice | 7
on the Company’ s website www.sheelafoam.com; 
websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. National Stock 
Exchange of India Ltd and BSE Limited at www.
nseindia.com and www.bseindia.com respectively. 
Members can attend and participate in the Annual 
General Meeting through VC/OAVM facility only.
9. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has 
mandated the submission of Permanent Account 
Number (PAN) by every participant in securities 
market. Members holding shares in electronic form 
are, therefore, requested to submit the PAN to 
their Depository Participants with whom they are 
maintaining their demat accounts.
 10. Members attending the meeting through VC/OAVM 
shall be counted for the purposes of reckoning the 
quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 
2013.
11. SEBI has also mandated that for registration of 
transfer of securities, the transferee(s) as well 
as transferor(s) shall furnish a copy of their PAN 
card to the Company for registration of transfer of 
securities.
12. Details as required in sub-regulation (3) of Regulation 
36 of the Listing Regulations in respect of the 
Directors seeking appointment/ re-appointment at 
the Annual General Meeting, forms integral part of 
the notice. Requisite declarations have been received 
from the Directors for seeking appointment/ re-
appointment.
13. Voting through electronic means
I. In compliance with provisions of Section 108 
of the Companies Act, 2013, Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014 as substituted by the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Amendment 
Rules, 2015 (‘ Amended Rules 2015’), Regulation 
44 of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings (SS2) issued 
by the Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India, the Company is pleased to provide its 
members facility to exercise their right to vote 
on resolutions proposed to be considered at 
the 50 th Annual General Meeting (AGM) by 
electronic means and the business may be 
transacted through e-Voting Services. The 
facility of casting the votes by the members 
using an electronic voting system from a 
place other than venue of the AGM (“remote 
e-voting”) will be provided by Link Intime India 
Private Limited (LIIPL).
II.  The members who have cast their vote by 
remote e-voting prior to the AGM may also 
attend the AGM but shall not be entitled to cast 
their vote again.
III.  A person who is not a member as on the cut-
off date should treat this Notice for information 
purpose only.
IV. The e-voting period commences on Sunday, 
August 14, 2022 (10:00 a.m. IST) and ends on 
Wednesday, August 17, 2022 (5:00 p.m. IST). 
During this period, members holding shares 
either in physical or dematerialized form, as on 
cut-off date, i.e. as on 11 August, 2022 may cast 
their votes electronically. The e-voting module 
will be disabled by Link Intime for voting 
thereafter.
 A member will not be allowed to vote again on any 
resolution on which vote has already been cast. The 
voting rights of members shall be proportionate 
to their share of the paid-up equity share capital 
of the Company as on the cut-off date, i.e. as on  
August 11, 2022.
 Remote e-Voting Instructions for shareholders 
post change in the Login mechanism for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode, 
pursuant to SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020:
 Pursuant to SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 
on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode can vote through their demat account 
maintained with Depositories and Depository 
Participants only post 9th June, 2022.
 Shareholders are advised to update their mobile 
number and email Id in their demat accounts to 
access e-Voting facility.
 Login method for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode is given below:
1. Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL
 1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services 
website of NSDL viz... https://eservices.
nsdl.com either on a personal computer 
or on a mobile. On the e-Services home 
page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon 
under “Login” which is available under 
‘IDeAS’ section, this will prompt you to 
enter your existing User ID and Password. 
After successful authentication, you will 
be able to see e-Voting services under 
Value added services. Click on “ Access to 
e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you 
will be able to see e-Voting page. Click 
on company name or e-Voting service 
provider name i.e. LINKINTIME and you 
will be re-directed to “InstaVote” website 
for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period.
===== PAGE 9 =====
8 | Sheela Foam Limited
 2. If you are not registered for IDeAS 
e-Services, option to register is available 
at  https://eservices.nsdl.com  Select 
“Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click 
at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
IdeasDirectReg.jsp
 3. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open 
web browser by typing the following 
URL:  https://eservices.nsdl.com  either 
on a personal computer or on a mobile. 
Once the home page of e-Voting system 
is launched, click on the icon “Login” 
which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section. A new screen will open. 
You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. 
your sixteen-digit demat account number 
hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will 
be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click 
on company name or e-Voting service 
provider name i.e. LINKINTIME and you 
will be redirected to “InstaVote” website 
for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period.
2. Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL
 1. Existing users who have opted for Easi / 
Easiest, can login through their user id and 
password. Option will be made available to 
reach e-Voting page without any further 
authentication. The URL for users to login 
to Easi / Easiest are https://web.cdslindia.
com/myeasi/home/login  or  www.
cdslindia.com  and click on New System 
Myeasi.
 2. After successful login of Easi/Easiest 
the user will be able to see the E Voting 
Menu. The Menu will have links of e-Voting 
service provider i.e. LINKINTIME. Click on 
LINKINTIME and you will be redirected to 
“InstaVote” website for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period.
 3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, 
option to register is available at  https://
web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/
EasiRegistration.
 4. Alternatively, the user can directly access 
e-Voting page by providing demat account 
number and PAN No. from a link in www.
cdslindia.com  home page. The system 
will authenticate the user by sending OTP 
on registered Mobile & Email as recorded 
in the demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be provided links 
for the respective ESP i.e. LINKINTIME. Click 
on LINKINTIME and you will be redirected 
to “InstaVote” website for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period.
3. Individual Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat mode) login 
through their depository participants  
You can also login using the login credentials of 
your demat account through your Depository 
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for 
e-Voting facility. Upon logging in, you will be 
able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting 
option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL 
Depository site after successful authentication, 
wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider 
name i.e. LINKINTIME and you will be redirected 
to “InstaVote” website for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period.
 Login method for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in physical form/ Non-Individual 
Shareholders holding securities in demat mode is 
given below:
 Individual Shareholders of the company, holding 
shares in physical form / Non-Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode as on the cut-off 
date for e-voting may register for e-Voting facility of 
Link Intime as under:
1. Open the internet browser and launch the URL: 
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in
2. Click on “Sign Up” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab 
and register with your following details: -
  A.  User ID:
  Shareholders holding shares in physical 
form shall provide Event No + Folio Number 
registered with the Company. Shareholders 
holding shares in NSDL demat account 
shall provide 8 Character DP ID followed 
by 8 Digit Client ID;  Shareholders holding 
shares in CDSL demat account shall 
provide 16 Digit Beneficiary ID.
 B.  PAN: Enter your 10-digit Permanent 
Account Number (PAN) (Shareholders 
who have not updated their PAN with the 
Depository Participant (DP)/ Company 
shall use the sequence number provided 
to you, if applicable.
 C.  DOB/DOI: Enter the Date of Birth (DOB) / 
Date of Incorporation (DOI) (As recorded 
with your DP / Company - in DD/MM/YYYY 
format)
===== PAGE 10 =====
Notice | 9
 D.  Bank Account Number:  Enter your Bank 
Account Number (last four digits), as 
recorded with your DP/Company.
  *Shareholders holding shares in physical 
form but have not recorded ‘C’ and ‘D’ , shall 
provide their Folio number in ‘D’ above
  *Shareholders holding shares in NSDL 
form, shall provide ‘D’ above
  •  Set the password of your choice (The 
password should contain minimum 
8 characters, at least one special 
Character (@!#$&*), at least one 
numeral, at least one alphabet and at 
least one capital letter).
  •  Click “confirm” (Your password is now 
generated).
3. Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.
4. Enter your User ID, Password and Image 
Verification (CAPTCHA) Code and click on 
‘Submit’.
 Cast your vote electronically:
1. After successful login, you will be able to see 
the notification for e-voting. Select ‘View’ icon.
2. E-voting page will appear.
3. Refer the Resolution description and cast 
your vote by selecting your desired option 
‘Favour / Against ’ (If you wish to view the 
entire Resolution details, click on the ‘ View 
Resolution’ file link).
4. After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / 
Against, click on ‘ Submit’ . A confirmation box 
will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your 
vote, click on ‘ Ye s’ , else to change your vote, 
click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.
 Guidelines for Institutional shareholders:
 Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, 
HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on 
the e-voting system of LIIPL at https://instavote.
linkintime.co.in and register themselves as 
‘Custodian / Mutual Fund / Corporate Body ’ . They 
are also required to upload a scanned certified true 
copy of the board resolution /authority letter/power 
of attorney etc. together with attested specimen 
signature of the duly authorised representative(s) 
in PDF format in the ‘ Custodian / Mutual Fund / 
Corporate Body ’ login for the Scrutinizer to verify 
the same.
  Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in physical mode/ Institutional 
shareholders:
 Shareholders facing any technical issue in login may 
contact Link Intime INSTAVOTE helpdesk by sending 
a request at enotices@linkintime.co.in or contact on: 
- Tel: 022 – 4918 6000.
  Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode:
 Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode may contact the respective helpdesk for any 
technical issues related to login through Depository 
i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with NSDL
Members facing any technical 
issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request 
at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call 
at toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 
and 1800 22 44 30
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with CDSL
Members facing any technical 
issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request 
at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.
com or contact at 022- 
23058738 or 22- 23058542-43.
  Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
Physical mode has forgotten the password:
 If an Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
Physical mode has forgotten the USER ID [Login 
ID] or Password or both then the shareholder can 
use the “Forgot Password” option available on the 
e-Voting website of Link Intime: https://instavote.
linkintime.co.in
•  Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab and 
further Click ‘forgot password?’
•  Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image 
Verification code (CAPTCHA). Click on 
“SUBMIT” .
 In case shareholders is having valid email address, 
Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail 
address. Shareholders can set the password of his/
her choice by providing the information about the 
particulars of the Security Question and Answer, 
PAN, DOB/DOI, Bank Account Number (last four 
digits) etc. as mentioned above. The password 
should contain minimum 8 characters, at least one 
special character (@!#$&*), at least one numeral, at 
least one alphabet and at least one capital letter.
  User ID for Shareholders holding shares in Physical 
Form (i.e. Share Certificate): Your User ID is Event No 
+ Folio Number registered with the Company
===== PAGE 11 =====
10 | Sheela Foam Limited
  Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL/ CDSL has forgotten the 
password:
 Shareholders who are unable to retrieve User ID/ 
Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at abovementioned 
depository/ depository participants website.
• It is strongly recommended not to share your 
password with any other person and take 
utmost care to keep your password confidential.
• For shareholders/ members holding shares 
in physical form, the details can be used only 
for voting on the resolutions contained in this 
Notice.
• During the voting period, shareholders/ 
members can login any number of time till they 
have voted on the resolution(s) for a particular 
“Event” .
  Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode:
 In case shareholders/ members holding securities 
in demat mode have any technical issues related to 
login through Depository i.e. NSDL/ CDSL, they may 
contact the respective helpdesk given below:
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with NSDL
Members facing any technical 
issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sending a 
request at evoting@nsdl.co.in 
or call at toll free no.: 1800 
1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with CDSL
Members facing any technical 
issue in login can contact 
CDSL helpdesk by sending a 
request at helpdesk.evoting@
cdslindia.com or contact 
at 022- 23058738 or 22-
23058542-43.
  Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in physical mode/ Institutional 
shareholders & evoting service Provider is 
LINKINTIME.
 In case shareholders/ members holding securities 
in physical mode/ Institutional shareholders have 
any queries regarding e-voting, they may refer the 
Frequently Asked Questions (‘FAQs’) and InstaVote 
e-Voting manual  available at https://instavote.
linkintime.co.in, under Help section or send an email 
to enotices@linkintime.co.in or contact on: - Tel: 022 
–4918 6000.
  Process and manner for attending the Annual 
General Meeting through InstaMeet:
1.  Open the internet browser and launch the URL: 
https://instameet.linkintime.co.in
•   Select the “ Company” and ‘ Event Date ’ and 
register with your following details: -
 A.  Demat Account No. or Folio No:  Enter 
your 16 digit Demat Account No. or Folio 
No
  •   Shareholders/ members holding 
shares in CDSL demat account shall 
provide 16 Digit Beneficiary ID
  •   Shareholders/ members holding 
shares in NSDL demat account shall 
provide 8 Character DP ID followed 
by 8 Digit Client ID
  •   Shareholders/ members holding 
shares in physical form shall provide 
Folio Number registered with the 
Company
 B.   PAN: Enter your 10-digit Permanent 
Account Number (PAN) (Members who 
have not updated their PAN with the 
Depository Participant (DP)/
   Company shall use the sequence number 
provided to you, if applicable.
 C.  Mobile No.: Enter your mobile number.
 D.  Email ID: Enter your email id, as recorded 
with your DP/Company.
•   Click “Go to Meeting” (You are now registered 
for InstaMeet and your attendance is marked 
for the meeting).
 Please refer the instructions (annexure) for the 
software requirements and kindly ensure to install 
the same on the device which would be used to 
attend the meeting. Please read the instructions 
carefully and participate in the meeting. You may 
also call upon the InstaMeet Support Desk for any 
support on the dedicated number provided to you in 
the instruction/ InstaMEET website.
  Instructions for Shareholders/ Members to Speak 
during the Annual General Meeting through 
InstaMeet:
1. Shareholders who would like to speak during 
the meeting must register their request 3 days 
in advance with the company on the specific 
email id created for the general meeting.
===== PAGE 12 =====
Notice | 11
2. Shareholders will get confirmation on first cum 
first basis depending upon the provision made 
by the client.
3. Shareholders will receive “speaking serial 
number” once they mark attendance for the 
meeting.
4. Other shareholder may ask questions to the 
panellist, via active chat-board during the 
meeting.
5. Please remember speaking serial number 
and start your conversation with panellist by 
switching on video mode and audio of your 
device.
 Shareholders are requested to speak only when 
moderator of the meeting/ management will 
announce the name and serial number for speaking.
  Instructions for Shareholders/ Members to Vote 
during the Annual General Meeting through 
InstaMeet:
 Once the electronic voting is activated by the 
scrutinizer/ moderator during the meeting, 
shareholders/ members who have not exercised 
their vote through the remote e-voting can cast the 
vote as under:
1. On the Shareholders VC page, click on the link 
for e-Voting “Cast your vote”
2. Enter your 16 digit Demat Account No. / Folio 
No. and OTP (received on the registered mobile 
number/ registered email Id) received during 
registration for InstaMEET and click on ‘Submit’ .
3. After successful login, you will see “Resolution 
Description” and against the same the option 
“Favour/ Against” for voting.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate option 
i.e. “Favour/Against” as desired. Enter the 
number of shares (which represents no. of 
votes) as on the cut-off date under ‘Favour/
Against’ .
5. After selecting the appropriate option i.e. 
Favour/Against as desired and you have decided 
to vote, click on “Save” . A confirmation box will 
be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, 
click on “Confirm” , else to change your vote, 
click on “Back” and accordingly modify your 
vote.
6. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, 
you will not be allowed to modify or change 
your vote subsequently.
 Note: Shareholders/ Members, who will be present 
in the Annual General Meeting through InstaMeet 
facility and have not casted their vote on the 
Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are 
otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible 
to vote through e-Voting facility during the meeting. 
Shareholders/ Members who have voted through 
Remote e-Voting prior to the Annual General Meeting 
will be eligible to attend/ participate in the Annual 
General Meeting through InstaMeet. However, they 
will not be eligible to vote again during the meeting.
 Shareholders/ Members are encouraged to join 
the Meeting through Tablets/ Laptops connected 
through broadband for better experience.
 Shareholders/ Members are required to use Internet 
with a good speed (preferably 2 MBPS download 
stream) to avoid any disturbance during the meeting.
 Please note that Shareholders/ Members connecting 
from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptops 
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience 
Audio/Visual loss due to fluctuation in their network. 
It is therefore recommended to use stable Wi-FI or 
LAN connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid 
glitches.
 In case shareholders/ members have any queries 
regarding login/ e-voting, they may send an email to 
instameet@linkintime.co.in or contact on: - Tel: 022-
49186175.
  Guidelines to attend the AGM proceedings of Link 
Intime India Pvt. Ltd.: InstaMEET
 For a smooth experience of viewing the AGM 
proceedings of Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd. InstaMEET, 
shareholders/ members who are registered as 
speakers for the event are requested to download 
and install the Webex application in advance by 
following the instructions as under:
===== PAGE 13 =====
12 | Sheela Foam Limited
a) Please download and install the Webex application by clicking on the link https://www.webex.com/downloads.
html/

===== PAGE 14 =====
Notice | 13
Step 1 Enter your First Name, Last Name and Email ID and click on Join Now.
1 (A) If you have already installed the Webex application on your device, join the meeting by clicking on Join 
Now
1 (B) If Webex application is not installed, a new page will appear giving you an option to either Add Webex to 
chrome or Run a temporary application.
Click on Run a temporary application , an exe file will be downloaded. Click on this exe file to run the 
application and join the meeting by clicking on Join Now
or
b) If you do not want to download and install the Webex application, you may join the meeting by following the 
process mentioned as under:

===== PAGE 15 =====
14 | Sheela Foam Limited
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT
Item No. 3
The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee, has approved at their Meeting held on 12 th 
May, 2022 the appointment of M/s. Mahesh Singh & 
Co., Cost Accountants, New Delhi (Firm Registration 
No. 100441), as Cost Auditors to conduct the audit of 
the cost records of the Company pertaining to products 
covered by Central Excise Tariff Act, manufactured by the 
Company, for the financial year ending 31st March, 2023 at 
a remuneration of ` 1,50,000/- (One Lakh Fifty Thousand 
only) plus applicable taxes.
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and 
Auditors) Rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to the 
Cost Auditors is required to be ratified by the members 
of the Company. Accordingly, consent of the members is 
sought for passing an ordinary resolution as set out at 
Item No. 3 of the Notice for ratification of remuneration 
payable to the Cost Auditors for the financial year ending 
31st March, 2023.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and 
their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested 
financially or otherwise, in the proposed resolution. The 
Board recommends the passing of the resolution as set 
out at Item No. 3 as an ordinary resolution.
The Board recommends this resolution for your approval.
Item No. 4
The Board at the meeting held on 12 May, 2022, have 
recommended for the approval of the Members, 
payment of ` 15,00,000/-(Rupees Fifteen Lakh only) by 
way of commission to each Independent Directors of the 
Company for the completion of one year of service .
The Independent Directors (and their relatives) are 
interested in this Resolution in so far as the same relates 
to their respective commission.
None of the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, 
or their relative, is interested in the resolution set out at 
Item No. 4.
The Board recommends this Resolution for your approval.
Item No. 5
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation 
of Nomination and Remuneration Committee at 
their meeting held on 12 th May, 2022, proposed the 
reappointment of Mr. Rahul Gautam as Managing 
Director for a period of five years with effect from 1st April, 
2022. Material terms of remuneration are set out herein 
below and the period of his office shall not be liable to 
determination by retirement of directors by rotation.
The material terms of remuneration of Mr. Rahul Gautam 
are as under:
Salary, Allowances and Commission/Incentive 
(hereinafter referred to as “Remuneration”): a) Salary 
Comprising
(i)  Basic salary : At the rate not exceeding ` 6,00,000 
(Rupees Six Lakhs only) per month; and
(ii)  (ii) Allowances/Perquisites : Not exceeding one 
time of the Basic salary, with increments as per the 
annual increment decided by the HR, from time to 
time, subject to a ceiling on increment of 15% in a 
year (following April to March year) over the existing 
Basic salary and Allowances, as on 1 st April every 
year, commencing from 1st April, 2023.
b)   Incentive: At the rate not exceeding 1.5% of the 
profit before tax.
Except Mr. Rahul Gautam, being an appointee, Ms. Namita 
Gautam and Mr. Tushaar Gautam, both Whole-time 
Directors of the Company, none of the Directors and Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives 
are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in 
the resolution set out at Item No. 5.
As per Section 196 of the Companies Act, 2013, a 
Company  shall appoint or continue the employment of 
any person as  Managing Director, who attain the age 
of seventy years after passing the Special Resolution in 
General Meeting.
The Board recommends this Resolution for your approval.
Item No : 6
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee at their 
meeting held on 12th May, 2022, proposed reappointment 
of Ms. Namita Gautam as Whole-time Director for a period 
of five years with effect from 1 st April, 2022. Material 
terms of remuneration are set out herein below and the 
period of her office shall be liable to determination by 
retirement of directors by rotation.
The material terms of remuneration of Ms. Namita 
Gautam are as under:
Salary, Allowances and Commission/Incentive 
(hereinafter referred to as “Remuneration”):
a) Salary Comprising
 (i)  Basic salary : At the rate not exceeding  
` 5,00,000 (Rupees Five Lakhs only) per month; 
and
===== PAGE 16 =====
Notice | 15
 (ii)  Allowances/Perquisites : Not exceeding one 
time of the Basic salary, with increments as per 
the annual increment decided by the HR, from 
time to time, subject to a ceiling on increment 
of 15% in a year (following April to March year) 
over the existing Basic salary and Allowances, 
as on 1 st April every year, commencing from 1 st 
April, 2023.
b)  Incentive : At the rate not exceeding 0.75% of the 
profit before tax.
Except Ms. Namita Gautam, being an appointee, Mr. Rahul 
Gautam, Managing Director and Mr. Tushaar Gautam, 
Whole-time Directors of the Company, none of the 
Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
and their relatives are concerned or interested, financially 
or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 6.
As per Section 196 of the Companies Act, 2013, a 
Company  shall appoint or continue the employment of 
any person as Whole-time Director, who attain the age 
of seventy years after passing the Special Resolution in 
General Meeting.
The Board recommends this Resolution for your approval.
Item No 7
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee at their 
meeting held on 12th May, 2022, proposed reappointment 
of Mr. Rakesh Chahar as Whole-time Director for a period 
of five years with effect from 1 st April, 2022. Material 
terms of remuneration are set out herein below and the 
period of his office shall be liable to determination by 
retirement of directors by rotation.
 The material terms of remuneration of Mr. Rakesh Chahar 
are as under:
Salary, Allowances and Commission/Incentive 
(hereinafter referred to as “Remuneration”):
a) Salary Comprising
 (i)  Basic salary : At the rate not exceeding  
` 4,00,000 (Rupees Four Lakhs Only) per 
month; and
 (ii)  Allowances/Perquisites : Not exceeding one 
time of the Basic salary, with increments as per 
the annual increment decided by the HR, from 
time to time, subject to a ceiling on increment 
of 15% in a year (following April to March year) 
over the existing Basic salary and Allowances, 
as on 1 st April every year, commencing from 1 st 
April, 2023.
b)  Incentive : At the rate not exceeding 0.75% of the 
profit before tax.
Except Mr. Rakesh Chahar, being an appointee, none 
of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company and their relatives are concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item 
No. 7 of the accompanying Notice.
The Board recommends this Resolution for your approval.
Item No 8
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee at their 
meeting held on 12th May, 2022, proposed reappointment 
of Mr. Tushaar Gautam as Whole-time Director for a period 
of five years with effect from 1 st April, 2022. Material 
terms of remuneration are set out herein below and the 
period of his office shall be liable to determination by 
retirement of directors by rotation.
The material terms of remuneration of Mr. Tushaar 
Gautam are as under:
Salary, Allowances and Commission/Incentive 
(hereinafter referred to as “Remuneration”):
a) Salary Comprising
 (i)  Basic salary: At the rate not exceeding ` 200,000 
(Rupees Four Lakhs Only) per month; and (ii) 
Allowances/Perquisites : Not exceeding one 
time the Basic salary, with increments as per 
the annual increment decided by the HR, from 
time to time, subject to a ceiling on increment 
of 15% in a year (following April to March year) 
over the existing Basic salary and Allowances, 
as on 1 st April every year, commencing from 1 st 
April, 2023.
b)  Incentive: At the rate not exceeding 0.75% of the 
profit before tax.
Except Mr. Tushaar Gautam, being an appointee, Mr. Rahul 
Gautam, Managing Director and Ms. Namita Gautam, 
Whole-time Directors of the Company, none of the 
Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
and their relatives are concerned or interested, financially 
or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 8.
The Board recommends this Resolution for your approval.
Item No:9
Considering the plan of expansion and acquisitions ahead, 
the Company need the guidance of the Independent 
Directors. The Board recommended to increase the 
second term of all the Independent Directors to five years.
===== PAGE 17 =====
16 | Sheela Foam Limited
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee at their 
meeting held on 12th May, 2022, proposed to increase the 
term of appointment of Mr. Som Mittal as an Independent 
Director from four years to five years.
Except Mr. Som Mittal, being an appointee, none of the 
Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
and their relatives are concerned or interested, financially 
or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 9 of the 
accompanying Notice. Mr. Som Mittal is not related to any 
Director of the Company.
The Board recommends this Resolution for your approval.
Item 10:
Considering the plan of expansion and acquisitions ahead, 
the Company need the guidance of the Independent 
Directors. The Board recommended to increase the 
second term of all the Independent Directors to five years.
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee at their 
meeting held on 12th May, 2022, proposed to increase the 
term of appointment of Mr. Anil Tandon as an Independent 
Director of the Company from three years to five years.
Except Mr. Anil Tandon, being an appointee, none of the 
Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
and their relatives are concerned or interested, financially 
or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 10 of 
the accompanying Notice. Mr. Anil Tandon is not related 
to any Director of the Company.
The Board recommends this Resolution for your approval.
Item No 11:
Considering the plan of expansion and acquisitions ahead, 
the Company need the guidance of the Independent 
Directors. The Board recommended to increase the 
second term of all the Independent Directors to five years.
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee at their 
meeting held on 12th May, 2022, proposed to increase the 
term of appointment Lt Gen (Dr.) Vijay Kumar Ahluwalia 
as an Independent Director from three years to five years.
Except Lt Gen (Dr.) Vijay Kumar Ahluwalia, being an 
appointee, none of the Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company and their relatives are 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
resolution set out at Item No. 11 of the accompanying 
Notice. Lt Gen (Dr.) Vijay Kumar Ahluwalia is not related 
to any Director of the Company.
The Board recommends this Resolution for your approval.
Item No : 12
Considering the plan of expansion and acquisitions ahead, 
the Company need the guidance of the Independent 
Directors. The Board recommended to increase the 
second term of all the Independent Directors to five years.
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee at their 
meeting held on 12 th May, 2022, proposed to increase 
the term of appointment Ms. Meena Jagtiani as an 
Independent Director of the Company from three years 
to five years.
Except Ms. Meena Jagtiani, being an appointee, none 
of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company and their relatives are concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item 
No. 12 of the accompanying Notice. Ms. Meena Jagtiani is 
not related to any Director of the Company.
The Board recommends this Resolution for your approval.
Item no 13
The present authorized share capital of the company is 
44,01,05,000 (Rupees Forty-Four Crore One Lakh Five 
Thousand Only) divided divided into 8,80,21,000 (Eight 
Crore Eighty Lakh Twenty One Thousand) equity shares 
of ` 5 (Rupees Five Only). The company may need further 
capital for future bonus, ESOP and other form of issue 
and has decided to increase the authorised capital to ` 
100,00,00,000 (Rupees One Hundred Crores Only) divided 
into 20,00,00,000 (Twenty Crore) equity shares of ` 5 
(Rupees Five Only). The increase in capital ` 55,98,95,000 
(Fifty-five Crore Ninety Eight Lakh Ninety Five Thousand) 
consisting of 11,19,79,000 (Eleven Crore Nineteen Lakh 
Seventy Nine Thousand) equity shares of ` 5 (Rupees 
Five Only). This increase in the authorised capital needs 
approval of the shareholders of the company by passing 
an ordinary resolution. Consequently, the capital clause 
of the Memorandum of Association of the company, i.e. 
clause V shall also get amended.
The consent of the members, therefore, are being sought 
for passing the aforesaid resolution of the notice as an 
Ordinary Resolution.
Item No 14 & 15:
Stock Options represent a reward system based on 
performance. They help companies attract, retain and 
motivate the best available talent. Stock Options also 
provide a company with an opportunity to optimise its 
personnel costs. This also provides an opportunity to 
employees to participate in the growth of the company, 
besides creating long term wealth in their hands.
Further, as the business environment is becoming 
increasingly competitive, it is important to attract and 
retain qualified, talented and competent personnel in 
===== PAGE 18 =====
Notice | 17
the Company. Your Company believes in rewarding its 
Employees including employees of the Holding Company, 
Group Company(ies), Associate Company(ies) and/or its 
Subsidiary Company (ies), if any, for their continuous 
hard work, dedication and support, which has led the 
Company and its Holding Company, Group Company(ies), 
Associate Company(ies) and/or its Subsidiary Company 
(ies) on the growth path.
Keeping in line with the above, ‘SHEELA FOAM - 
Employees Stock Option Plan 2022’ (‘the Scheme’) 
has been formulated by the Company and to be 
implemented by Compensation / Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee constituted under Regulation 
19 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 in accordance with the requirements of Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee and 
Sweat Equity Benefits) Regulations, 2021 (“SEBI SBEB 
and Sweat Equity Regulations”) issued by SEBI and other 
applicable laws. The Scheme has been approved by the 
Board of Directors at their Meeting held on 12th May, 2022, 
subject to the approval of the members.
The Scheme will be operated and administered under 
the superintendence of the Company’ s Compensation 
Committee / Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
which is a Committee of the Board of Directors, the 
majority of whose Members are Independent Directors. 
The Compensation Committee / Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee will formulate the detailed 
terms and conditions of the Scheme including:
a.  the quantum of options, shares or benefits as the 
case may be, per employee and in aggregate under a 
scheme;
b.  the kind of benefits to be granted under this scheme;
c.  the conditions under which options, shares or other 
benefits as the case may be, may vest in employees 
and may lapse in case of termination of employment 
for misconduct;
d.  the exercise period within which the employee can 
exercise the options and that options would lapse 
on failure to exercise the same within the exercise 
period;
e.  the specified time period within which the employee 
shall exercise the vested options or in the event of 
termination or resignation;
f.  the right of an employee to exercise all the options, 
as the case may be, vested in him at one time or at 
various points of time within the exercise period;
g.  the procedure for making a fair and reasonable 
adjustment to the entitlement including adjustment 
to the number of options and to the exercise price 
in case of corporate actions such as rights issues, 
bonus issues, merger, sale of division and others. In 
this regard, the following shall, inter alia, be taken 
into consideration by the compensation committee:
 i.  the number and price of options shall be 
adjusted in a manner such that total value to 
the employee of the options remains the same 
after the corporate action;
 ii.  the vesting period and the life of the options 
shall be left unaltered as far as possible to 
protect the rights of the employee(s) who is 
granted such options;
h.  the grant, vesting and exercise of shares, options or 
in case of employees who are on long leave;
i.  eligibility to avail benefits under this scheme in case 
of employees who are on long leave;
j.  the procedure for funding the exercise of options; 
and
k.  the procedure for buy-back of specified securities 
issued under these regulations, if to be undertaken 
at any time by the company, and the applicable 
terms and conditions, including:
 (i) permissible sources of financing for buy-back;
 (ii)  any minimum financial thresholds to be 
maintained by the company as per its last 
financial statements; and
 (iii)  limits upon quantum of specified securities that 
the company may buy-back in financial year.
l.  shall frame suitable policies and procedures to 
ensure that there is no violation of securities laws 
including the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015 and the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices 
Relating to the Securities Market) Regulations, 2003, 
as amended from time to time, by the trust, the 
company and its employees, as may be applicable
m.  Approve forms, writings and/or agreements for use 
in pursuance of the SF ESOP - 2022. The Board/
Compensation/ NRC Committee shall frame 
suitable policies and procedures to ensure that there 
is no violation of securities laws including Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading) Regulations, 2015 and Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Fraudulent 
and Unfair Trade Practices relating to the Securities 
Market) Regulations, 2003 by the Company and its 
Employees, as applicable.
===== PAGE 19 =====
18 | Sheela Foam Limited
n. Any other related or incidental matters.
 Major details of the Scheme are as given below: -
  “SHEELA FOAM - Employees Stock Option Plan 
2022” (‘SF ESOP – 2022’) has been formulated by the 
Company and to be implemented by Compensation 
Committee / Nomination & Remuneration Committee 
constituted under Regulation 19 of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 in 
accordance with the requirements of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee 
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SEBI 
SBEB and Sweat Equity Regulations”) issued by SEBI 
and other applicable laws. The Scheme has been 
approved by the Board of Directors at their Meeting 
held on 12.05. 2022, subject to the approval of the 
members.
 The total number of options to be granted
  The total number of options that may, in the 
aggregate, be issued would be such number of 
options which shall entitle the option holders to 
acquire in one or more tranches upto 2,400,000 
(Twenty-four Lakhs) equity shares of face value of  
` 5/- each (or such other adjusted figure for any bonus, 
stock splits, buy-back, scheme of arrangement or 
consolidations or other re-organisation of the capital 
structure of the Company as may be applicable from 
time to time).
  SEBI SBEB and Sweat Equity Regulations require 
that in case of any corporate action(s) such as 
rights issues, bonus issues, buy-back, scheme 
of arrangement merger and sale or division, and 
others, a fair and reasonable adjustment needs to 
be made to the Options granted. Accordingly, if any 
additional Equity Shares are issued by the Company 
to the Option grantees for making such fair and 
reasonable adjustment, the above ceiling Shares 
shall be deemed to be increased to the extent of 
such additional equity shares issued.
  An employee may surrender his/her vested /unvested 
options at any time during / post his employment 
with the company. Any employee willing to surrender 
his/her options shall communicate the same to the 
Board or Committee in writing.
  Vested options lapsed due to non-exercise, surrender 
and/or unvested options that gets cancelled due to 
resignation or any other separation conditions of 
Option grantees, surrendered or otherwise, would 
be available for being re-granted at a future date. 
The Board is authorized to re-grant such lapsed / 
cancelled / surrendered options as per the provisions 
of SF ESOP – 2022.
Identification of classes of employees entitled to 
participate and be beneficiaries in the Scheme.
All employees working in India or out of India and 
Directors (whether Managing/Whole time Director 
or not) of Company and its Holding Company, Group 
Company(ies), Associate Company(ies)and/or its 
Subsidiary Company(ies), (present or future) (excluding 
promoters and an employee who is a Promoter or a person 
belonging to the Promoter Group) and further excluding 
a director who either by himself or through his relative or 
through any Body Corporate, directly or indirectly holds 
more than 10% of the outstanding equity shares of the 
Company and excluding Independent Directors as may be 
decided by the Compensation Committee / Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee.
The class of Employees eligible for participating in the 
Scheme shall be determined on the basis of the grade, 
number of years’ service, performance, role assigned 
to the employee and such other parameters as may be 
decided by the Compensation Committee / Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee in its sole discretion from 
time to time.
The options granted to an Employee will not be 
transferable to any person and shall not be pledged, 
hypothecated, mortgaged or otherwise alienated in any 
other manner.
Requirements of vesting and period of vesting
Vesting of options may commence after a period of not less 
than one year from the date of individual grant. The vesting 
may occur in one or more tranches, subject to the terms 
and conditions of vesting, as stipulated in the ESOP-2022. 
===== PAGE 20 =====
Notice | 19
Following table shall be applicable in case of various scenarios (during employment) for vesting and exercising:
Sr. 
No.
Separations Vested Options Unvested Options
1 Resignation All Vested Options as on date of 
submission of resignation may be 
exercised by the Option Grantee on or 
before his last working day with the 
Company.
All Unvested Options on the date of 
submission of resignation shall stand 
cancelled with effect from that date.
2 Termination
(With cause like fraud, 
misconduct etc.)
All Vested Options which were not 
allotted at the time of such termination 
shall stand cancelled with effect from 
the date of such termination.
All Unvested Options on the date of such 
termination shall stand cancelled with 
effect from the termination date.
3 Termination (Without 
cause)
All Vested Options which were not 
allotted at the time of such termination 
may be exercised by the Option Grantee 
on or before his last working day with 
the Company.
All Unvested Options on the date of such 
termination shall stand cancelled with 
effect from the termination date.
4 Retirement or early 
Retirement approved by 
Company
All vested Options shall vest as per 
original vesting schedule and may be 
exercised by the Option Grantee within 
the originally allowed exercise period.
All Unvested Options shall vest as per 
original vesting schedule and may be 
exercised by the Option Grantee within 
the originally allowed exercise period.
5 Death All Vested options, granted under a 
scheme to him/her till his/her death shall 
vest, with effect from the date of his/her 
death, in the legal heirs or nominees of 
the deceased employee, as the case may 
be and such options may be exercised by 
the Option Grantee’ s nominee or legal 
heir immediately after, but in no event 
later than 12 months from the date of 
Death.
All Unvested Options as on the date of 
death shall vest immediately and may 
be exercised by the Option Grantee’ s 
nominee or legal heir/s within 12 months 
from the date of Death.
6 Permanent Disability All Vested options, granted to him/
her under a scheme as on the date of 
permanent incapacitation shall vest in 
him/her on that day and such options 
may be exercised by the Option Grantee 
or, if the Option Grantee is himself, 
unable to exercise due to such disability, 
the nominee or legal heir, immediately 
after, but in no event later than 12 
months from the date of such disability.
All Unvested Options as on the date of 
such Permanent Disability shall vest 
immediately and can be exercised by the 
Option Grantee or, if the Option Grantee 
is himself unable to exercise due to such 
incapacity, the nominee or legal heir 
immediately after, but in no event later 
than 12 months from the date of such 
disability.
7 Abandonment* All the Vested Options shall stand 
cancelled.
All the Unvested Options shall stand 
cancelled.
8 Any other reason not 
specified above
The NRC / Compensation Committee 
shall decide whether the Vested Options 
as on that date can be exercised by the 
Option Grantee or not, and such decision 
shall be final.
All Unvested Options on the date of 
separation shall stand cancelled with 
effect from that date.
*In case of any regulatory changes warranting any change in vesting schedule/ conditions/exercise period in any of the above 
separation conditions, the provisions of such change shall apply.
**The Board/Committee, at its sole discretion shall decide the date of cancellation of Option’ s and such decision shall be binding 
on all concerned. Provided that, in accordance with Applicable Law, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the 
Company shall not vary the terms of the Scheme in any manner which may be detrimental to the interests of the Employees.
===== PAGE 21 =====
20 | Sheela Foam Limited
Maximum period within which the options shall be 
vested
The maximum vesting period may extend up to 5 (five) 
years from the date of grant of options, unless otherwise 
decided by the Compensation / Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee.
Exercise price or pricing formula
Exercise Price means the price at which the Option 
Grantee is entitled to acquire the equity shares pursuant 
to the options granted and vested in him/her under the 
Scheme.
The Exercise Price shall be as may be decided by the 
Committee as is allowed under the SBEB and Sweat 
Regulations which in any case will not be lower than 
the face value of the equity shares of the Company on 
the date of such grant. Further the Exercise Price can 
be different for different set of employees for options 
granted on same / different dates. The same shall be 
subject to any fair and reasonable adjustments that may 
be made on account of corporate actions of the Company 
in order to comply with the applicable laws.
No amount shall be payable by the option grantee at the 
time of grant.
Notwithstanding anything contained hereinabove, 
amount paid/payable, if any, by the employee at the 
time of the grant, vesting or exercise of the options will 
be forfeited if the employee does not exercise the same 
within the exercise period.
Exercise period and process of exercise
The Exercise period shall not be more than 5 (five) years 
from the date of respective vesting of Options. The 
options granted may be exercised by the Grantee at one 
time or at various points of time within the exercise period 
as determined by the Committee from time to time.
The Vested options shall be exercisable by the employees 
by a written application (which will include making 
applications online using any ESOP administration 
software) to the Company expressing his/ her desire to 
exercise such options in such manner and on such format 
as may be prescribed by the Compensation / Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee from time to time. The 
options shall lapse if not exercised within the specified 
exercise period. The options may also lapse, under certain 
circumstances even before the expiry of the specified 
exercise period.
Payment of the Exercise Price shall be made by a 
crossed cheque or a demand draft drawn in favour of the 
Company, or by any other payment methods prevalent in 
RBI recognized banking channels or in such other manner 
and subject to such procedures as the Board/Committee 
may decide.
Appraisal Process for determining the eligibility of 
Employees to the Scheme.
The appraisal process for determining the eligibility of 
the Employee will be specified by the Compensation / 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and will be 
based on criteria such as the grade of Employee, length 
of service, performance record, merit of the Employee, 
future potential contribution by the Employee and/
or by any such criteria that may be determined by 
the Compensation / Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee.
Maximum number of options to be issued per Employee 
and in the aggregate
The maximum number of options to be granted per 
employee per grant and in aggregate shall not exceed 
2,400,000 (Twenty-four Lakhs).
Further the number of Options that may be granted to 
any specific identified employee under SF ESOP – 2022 
shall not be equal to or exceeding the number of Shares 
equivalent to one per cent (01%) of the Issued Capital 
(excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) of the 
Company and in aggregate if the prior specific approval 
from members of the Company through a special 
resolution to this effect is not obtained.
Maximum quantum of benefits to be provided per 
employee under a Scheme
The Maximum quantum of benefits underlying the 
options issued to an eligible employee shall depend upon 
the Market Price of the shares as on the date of sale of 
shares arising out of Exercise of options.
Whether the scheme is to be implemented and 
administered directly by the Company or through a trust
The Scheme will be implemented directly by the Company 
under the guidance of the Compensation / Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee of the Board.
Whether scheme involves new issue of shares by the 
Company or Secondary acquisition by the trust
The Scheme will involve only new issue of shares by the 
Company.
The amount of loan to be provided for implementation 
of the scheme(s) by the company to the trust, its tenure, 
utilization, repayment terms, etc
Not Applicable
Maximum percentage of secondary acquisition (subject 
to limits specified under the regulations) that can be 
made by the trust for the purposes of the scheme(s).
Not Applicable
===== PAGE 22 =====
Notice | 21
Disclosure and accounting policies
The Company shall conform to the accounting policies 
specified in Regulation 15 of the SEBI (SBEB and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations.
Further the Company shall disclose details of Grant, Vest, 
Exercise and lapse of the Employee Stock Options in the 
Directors’ Report or in an annexure thereof as prescribed 
under SEBI (SBEB and Sweat Equity) Regulations or any 
other Applicable Laws as in force. Further the Company 
shall follow the laws/regulations applicable to accounting 
and disclosure related to Employee Stock Options, 
including but not limited to SEBI (SBEB and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 as 
well as the Guidance Note on Accounting for Employee 
Share-based Payments and/ or any relevant Accounting 
Standards as may be prescribed by the Regulatory 
authorities from time to time, including the disclosure 
requirements prescribed therein.
Method of Valuation of options
The Company follows fair value method for computing 
the compensation cost, if any, for the options granted. 
The company will follow IFRS/ IND AS/ any other 
requirements for accounting of the Stock options as are 
applicable to the Company for the same.
Since the company opts for expensing of share-based 
employee benefits using the fair value method, the 
following statement will not be applicable viz.
In case the company opts for expensing of share-based 
employee benefits using the intrinsic value intrinsic value, 
the difference between the employee compensation cost 
so computed and the employee compensation cost that 
shall have been recognized if it had used the fair value, 
shall be disclosed in the Directors’ report and the impact 
of this difference on profits and on earnings per share 
(“EPS”) of the company shall also be disclosed in the 
Directors’ report. ’
Lock-in
The Shares issued upon exercise of Options shall be freely 
transferable and shall not be subject to any lock-in period 
restriction after such exercise. However, the Board or the 
Committee as may be authorized by the Board, may, in 
some cases, provide for lock-in of shares issued upon the 
exercise of Options.
Provided that the transferability of the Shares shall be 
subject to the restriction for such period in terms of the 
Securities Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading), Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to 
time or for such other period as may be stipulated from 
time to time in terms of Company’ s Code of Conduct for 
Prevention of Insider Trading.
Terms & conditions for buyback, if any, of specified 
securities covered under the SEBI SBEB and Sweat Equity 
Regulations.
The Board of Directors / the Compensation Committee 
shall, subject to the applicable provisions of any of the 
SEBI Regulations and Companies Act, 2013 and other 
applicable provisions, have right to specify the procedure 
for buy-back of the Employee Stock Options issued 
under this Scheme, if to be undertaken at any time by 
the company, and the applicable terms and conditions, 
including:
(i) permissible sources of financing for buy-back;
(ii)  any minimum financial thresholds to be maintained 
by the company as per its last financial statements; 
and
(iii)  limits upon quantum of the Employee Stock Options 
that the company may buy-back in financial year.
Rights of the option holder
The employee shall not have right to receive any 
dividend or to vote or in any manner enjoy the benefits 
of a shareholder in respect of option granted to him, till 
shares are allotted upon exercise of option.
Consequence of failure to exercise option
All unexercised options shall lapse if not exercised on or 
before the exercised period ends.
No amount shall be payable by the option grantee at 
the time of grant and hence no amount is required 
to be forfeited even if an employee does not exercise 
the options within exercise period and accordingly no 
adjustment is required to be made for the same.
Other terms
The Board or Compensation / Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee shall have the absolute 
authority to vary, modify or alter the terms of the Scheme 
in accordance with the regulations and guidelines as 
prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
or regulations that may be issued by any appropriate 
authority, from time to time, unless such variation, 
modification or alteration is detrimental to the interest of 
the Option Grantees.
The Board or Compensation / Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee may, if it deems necessary, 
modify, change, vary, amend, suspend or terminate the SF 
ESOP – 2022, subject to compliance with the Applicable 
Laws and Regulations.
The shares may be allotted directly to the Option Grantees 
in accordance with the Scheme and such Scheme may 
also contain provisions for providing financial assistance 
to the Employees to enable the Employees to acquire or 
subscribe to the shares.
Certificate from Secretarial Auditors
In the case of every company which has passed a 
resolution for the scheme(s) under these regulations, the 
Board of Directors shall at each annual general meeting 
===== PAGE 23 =====
22 | Sheela Foam Limited
place before the shareholders a certificate from the 
secretarial auditors of the company that the scheme(s) 
has been
implemented in accordance with these regulations and 
in accordance with the resolution of the company in the 
general meeting.
Terms of the scheme:
A company may by special resolution of its shareholders 
vary the terms of the schemes offered
pursuant to an earlier resolution of the general body but 
not yet exercised by the employees, if such variation is 
not prejudicial to the interests of the employees:
Notwithstanding the provisions of sub-regulation (1), 
a company shall be entitled to vary the terms of the 
schemes to meet any regulatory requirement without 
seeking shareholders‘ approval by special resolution.
Subject to the proviso to clause (1), the company may by 
special resolution in a general meeting vary the terms of 
the schemes offered pursuant to an earlier resolution of 
the general body but not yet exercised by the employee 
provided such variation is not prejudicial to the interests 
of the Option Grantees.
The notice for passing special resolution for variation 
of terms of the schemes shall disclose full details of the 
variation, the rationale therefore, and the details of the 
Option Grantees who are beneficiaries of such variation.
The Company may re-price the options as the case may 
be which are not exercised, whether or not they have 
been vested if the terms of the grants were rendered 
unattractive due to fall in the price of the shares in the 
stock market;
Provided that the company ensures that such re-pricing 
shall not be detrimental to the interest of the Option 
Grantees and approval of the shareholders in general 
meeting has been obtained for such re-pricing.
Transferability of Employee Stock Options:
The Options granted to an employee shall not be 
transferable to any person and shall not be pledged, 
hypothecated, mortgaged or otherwise alienated in any 
manner. However, in the event of the death of the Option 
Grantee, the right to exercise all the Options granted 
to him till such date shall be vest in his legal heirs or 
nominees.
In the event of death of the employee while in 
employment, all the options, SAR or any other benefit 
granted under a scheme to him/her till his/her death shall 
vest, with effect from the date of his/her death, in the 
legal heirs or nominees of the deceased employee, as the 
case may be.
In case the employee suffers a permanent incapacity 
while in employment, all the options, SAR or any other 
benefit granted to him/her under a scheme as on the date 
of permanent incapacitation, shall vest in him/her on that 
day.
In the event of resignation or termination of an employee, 
all the options, SAR or any other benefit which are granted 
and yet not vested as on that day, shall expire:
Provided that an employee shall, subject to the terms and 
conditions formulated by the
compensation committee under sub-regulation (3) of 
regulation 5 of these regulations, be entitled to retain all 
the vested options, SAR or any other benefit covered by 
these regulations.
In the event that an employee, who has been granted 
benefits under a scheme, is transferred or deputed to 
an associate company prior to vesting or exercise, the 
vesting and exercise as per the
terms of grant shall continue in case of such transferred or 
deputed employee even after the transfer or deputation.
In the event that an employee who has been granted 
benefits under a scheme, is transferred pursuant to 
scheme of arrangement, amalgamation, merger or 
demerger or continued in the existing company, prior to 
the vesting or exercise, the treatment of options in such 
case shall be specified in such scheme of arrangement, 
amalgamation, merger or demerger provided that such 
treatment shall not be prejudicial to the interest of the 
employee.
As the Scheme would entail further shares to be offered 
to persons other than existing Members of the Company, 
consent of the members is sought pursuant to the 
provisions of section 62 (1) (b) and all other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and as 
per the requirement of Clause 6 of the SEBI SBEB and 
Sweat Equity Regulations as and when applicable to the 
Company.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of 
the Company including their relatives are interested or 
concerned in the resolution No. 14 and 15, except to the 
extent of their shareholding entitlements, if any, under 
the ESOP Scheme.
Your Directors recommend the Resolution set out in 
Item No. 14 and 15 of the Notice for adoption by the 
Shareholders as Special Resolution/s.
 By order of the Board
   Md. Iquebal Ahmad
Date: 12th May 2022 Company Secretary and  
Place: Noida  Compliance Officer 
===== PAGE 24 =====
Notice | 23
DETAIL OF DIRECTOR SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT/CHANGE IN TERM AT THE ENSUING  
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
Pursuant to Regulation 36 of Securities Exchange Board of India.
(Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015)
MR. RAHUL GAUTAM
Director Identification Number (DIN) 00192999
Date of joining of the board 01/04/1996
Brief resume of the Director including nature of 
expertise in specific functional areas 
Mr. Rahul Gautam, aged 69 years, is the Managing Director of 
the Company. He has been associated with the Company since 
1971 and as the Managing Director since 1 st April, 1996. He 
holds a bachelor’ s degree in technology (chemical engineering) 
from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur and a master’ s 
degree in science (chemical engineering) from the Polytechnic 
Institute of New York. He has over 46 years of experience in 
the home comfort products and PU foam industry, and is the 
Chairman Emeritus of the Indian Polyurethane Association.
Relationship of directors inter-se Mr. Rahul Gautam is the husband of Ms Namita Gautam and 
father of Mr. Tushaar Gautam 
Number of shares held in the company 62,09,485
Directorship and Committee memberships held in 
other companies
1. Divya Software Private Limited
2. Sleepwell Enterprises Private Limited
3. Rangoli Resorts Private Limited
4. Joyce Foam Pty Ltd.
5. International Comfort Technologies Private Limited
6. Core Mouldings Private Limited
7. Staqo World Private Limited
8. Interplasp S.L.U (Spain)
9. International Foam Technologies Spain S.L.U.
MS NAMITA GAUTAM
Director Identification Number (DIN) 00190463
Date of joining of the board 14/11/2003
Brief resume of the Director including nature of 
expertise in specific functional areas 
Ms. Namita Gautam, aged 68 years, is a Whole-time Director of 
the Company. She has been associated with the Sheela group for 
the last 30 years and as a Whole-time Director of the Company 
since 14th November, 2003. During her tenure, marketing and 
projects departments of the Company. She currently heads our 
CSR initiative through “Sleepwell Foundation” and heads Special 
Projects. She holds a bachelor’ s degree in law and a master’ s 
degree in economics from Kanpur University. She has held 
various positions with FICCI Ladies Organization, including as 
its National President in 2004- 05. She is also the chairperson of 
the Institute Management Committee of Jija Bai ITI for Women 
and is on the board of trustees of Indraprastha Educational 
Trust, which runs the Indraprastha College for Women, Delhi. 
She was a member of Special Task Force on skills, education 
and entrepreneurship development formulated by CII, Northern 
Region for the fiscal 2015-16 and is the convenor of the Panel on 
Skills Development, CII Delhi, a member of the NZ Skill Council 
and National Skill Council of CII for 2016-17
Relationship of directors inter-se Ms. Namita Gautam is the wife of Mr. Rahul Gautam and mother 
of Mr Tushaar Gautam 
Number of shares held in the company 57,15,879
Directorship and Committee memberships held in 
other companies
1. Rangoli Resorts Private Limited
2. Core Mouldings Private Limited
===== PAGE 25 =====
24 | Sheela Foam Limited
MR. RAKESH CHAHAR
Director Identification Number (DIN) 00180587
Date of joining of the board 14/11/2003
Brief resume of the Director including nature of 
expertise in specific functional areas 
Mr. Rakesh Chahar, aged 57 years, is a Whole-time Director of 
the Company. He has been associated with the Company since 
1st November, 1990 and as the Whole-time director since 14 th 
November, 2003. He is currently the chairman of the Indian 
Sleep Products Federation. He has over 31 years of experience 
in the business of selling and marketing of bedding products 
and polyurethane foam.
Relationship of directors inter-se None
Number of shares held in the company None
Directorship and Committee memberships held in 
other companies None
MR. TUSHAAR GAUTAM
Director Identification Number (DIN) 01646487
Date of joining of the board 01/04/2007
Brief resume of the Director including nature of 
expertise in specific functional areas 
Mr. Tushaar Gautam, aged 43 years, is a Whole-time Director of 
the Company. He has been associated with our Company since 
7th January, 2002 and as a Whole-time Director since 1 st April, 
2007. He holds a bachelor’ s degree from Purdue University, 
USA, where his courses of study included financial, marketing 
and operations management. In May 2005, he was recognized 
by the President’ s Council of Purdue University for pursuit of 
excellence. He heads operations of the Company and also 
oversees the business and operations of our subsidiary Joyce 
Foam Pty Ltd and is a director on its board of directors. He has 
over 19 years of experience in heading production, research 
and development.
Relationship of directors inter-se Mr Tushaar Guatam is the son of Mr Rahul Gautam and Ms 
Namita Gautam
Number of shares held in the company 1,70,86,314
Directorship and Committee memberships held in 
other companies
1. Divya software Priavte Limited
2. Sleepwell Enterprises Priavte Limited
3. Rangoli Resorts Private Limited
4. Joyce Foam Pty Ltd.
5. International Comfort Technologies Private Limited
6. Staqo World Private Limited
7. Interplasp S.L.U (Spain)
8. International Foam Technologies Spain S.L.U.
9. Staqo World KFT (Hungry)
===== PAGE 26 =====
Notice | 25
MR. SOM MITTAL
Director Identification Number (DIN) 00074842
Date of joining of the board 07 /06/2016
Brief resume of the Director including 
nature of expertise in specific 
functional areas 
 Mr. Som Mittal, aged 70 years, is holding a bachelor’ s degree in metallurgical 
engineering from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur, and a post graduate 
diploma in business administration from the Indian Institute of Management, 
Ahmedabad. In the past, he was associated with Larsen & Toubro, Escorts 
and Denso and held leadership roles in Digital, HP and Compaq. He was also 
the Chairman of National Association of Software and Services Companies 
(NASSCOM).He has won the lifetime achievement award for outstanding 
dedication to the growth of the Global ICT industry and leadership from the 
World Information Technology and Services Alliance and a distinguished 
alumnus award from the Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur in 2000. 
Additionally, he has also served as a member of the Indian Prime Minister’ s 
Committee on National e-Governance and the Global Advisory Council of 
the World Information Technology and Services Alliance. He has several 
years of experience in manufacturing and information technology sectors. 
Relationship of directors inter-se None
Number of shares held in the company None
Directorship and Committee 
memberships held in other companies
Directorship Committee
1.  Apollo Hospitals Enterprise 
Limited _
2. Tata Sia Airlines Limited 1.  Audit Committee
2.  Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee
3.  Exl Services holdings Inc. (Usa) 1.  Nomination and Governance 
Committee
2.  Compensation Committee
4.  Vodafone India Services Private 
Limited _
MR. ANIL TANDON
Director Identification Number (DIN) 00089404
Date of joining of the board 07 /06/2016
Brief resume of the Director including 
nature of expertise in specific 
functional areas 
 Mr. Anil Tandon aged 69 years, is holding a bachelor’ s degree of technology in 
electrical engineering from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur and a post 
graduate diploma in management from the Indian Institute of Management, 
Ahmedabad. Since 1995, he has been the Managing Director of Tex Corp 
Limited which a leading organization in the field of fastening products. He 
has several years of national and international experience in the zip fastening 
products sector.  He is an active member of the Board and is holding the 
Chairman position of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of the 
Company. During his tenure, the company has got immense benefit of his 
expertise and knowledge.
Relationship of directors inter-se None
Number of shares held in the company None
Directorship and Committee 
memberships held in other companies
Directorship Committee
1)  Shibumi Accessories Pvt. Ltd. -
2)  Tex Corp Private Limited Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee
3)  Anvi Management Consultants 
Private Limited -
4)  Shibhumi Ventures Limited -
5)  Tex Zippers (Bd) Limited -
6) Tex Vietam Co Ltd -
===== PAGE 27 =====
26 | Sheela Foam Limited
LT GEN (DR.) V. K. AHLUWALIA
Director Identification Number (DIN) 08078092
Date of joining of the board 05/03/2018
Brief resume of the Director including nature of expertise 
in specific functional areas 
 Lt Gen (Dr.) Vijay Kumar Ahluwalia aged 70 years is holding 
a master’ s degree in “Defence Studies and Management” 
from Madras University, M. Phil in Defence Studies from 
Indore University and PhD in Management (Internal 
Security and Conflict Resolution) from Amity University, 
Noida. He has several years of experience in Defence 
Services. He served as a Judge of Armed Force Tribunal. 
He also served as Director General of Raffles Group of 
Institutions, Raffles University, Neemrana, Rajasthan. 
He is a good contributor to the Board and is holding the 
Chairman position of the Risk Management Committee 
of the Company. During his tenure, the company has got 
immense benefit of his expertise and knowledge. 
Relationship of directors inter-se None
Number of shares held in the company None
Directorship and Committee memberships held in other 
companies None 
MS. MEENA JAGTIANI
Director Identification Number (DIN) 08396893
Date of joining of the board 08/04/2019
Brief resume of the Director including nature of expertise 
in specific functional areas 
 
Ms. Meena Jagtiani, aged 56 year is an MBA from 
the symbiosis institute of business management.  
She has done an executive development programme from 
wharton Business School, University of Pennsylvania and 
she is working as an Independent HR Advisor.
She has three decades rich industry experience in the field 
of HR. She served in various corporate such as Aditya Birla 
Group, Daksh e-services private limited and Korn/Ferry 
International (the world’ s leading search firm) etc. She is 
a good contributor to the Board and during her current 
tenure she has contributed and advised to the Company 
on various matters.
Relationship of directors inter-se None
Number of shares held in the company None
Directorship and Committee memberships held in other 
companies
A. Morton Foods Limited
B. Svatantra Microfin Private Limited
===== PAGE 28 =====
NOTES
===== PAGE 29 =====
NOTES
===== PAGE 30 =====
AUSTRALIA
NEW ZEALAND
SYDNEY
AUCKLAND
BRISBANE
MELBOURNE
ADELAIDE
PERTH
MURCIA
SPAIN
INDIA
Leading the science of comfort 
in three continents.
Annual Report 2021-22
===== PAGE 31 =====
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
In this Annual Report, we have disclosed 
forward-looking information to enable 
investors to comprehend our prospects and 
take informed investment decisions. This 
report and other statements - written and oral 
- that we periodically make, contain forward-
looking statements that set out anticipated 
results based on the management’s plans 
and assumptions. We have tried wherever 
possible to identify such statements by using 
words such as ‘anticipate’ , ‘estimate’ , ‘expects’ , 
‘projects’ , ‘intends’ , ‘plans’ , ‘believes’ , and 
words of similar substance in connection with 
any discussion of future performance. We 
cannot guarantee that these forward-looking 
statements will be realised, although we 
believe we have been prudent in assumptions. 
The achievement of results is subject to 
risks, uncertainties and even inaccurate 
assumptions. Should known or unknown 
risks or uncertainties materialise or should 
underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, 
actual results could vary materially from those 
anticipated, estimated or projected. Readers 
should bear this in mind. We undertake no 
obligation to publicly update any forward-
looking statements, whether as a result of 
new information, future events or otherwise. 
In this Report
About Us  02
50 Years of our Glorious Journey 06
Performance Scorecard 08
50 Years of
Providing Absolute Comfort and Rest 10
50 Years of
Constant Innovation and Growth 12
Chairman’s Message 14
Board of Directors 16
Corporate Social Responsibility 18
Corporate Information 26
CORPORATE 
OVERVIEW
01
26
Management Discussion & Analysis  27
Directors’ Report 33
Business Responsibility Report 63
STATUTORY 
REPORTS
27
70
Standalone Financial Statements  72
Consolidated Financial Statements 139
FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
71
204
To read this report online or to download, please visit
us at: http://sheelafoam.com/annual-report.html
===== PAGE 32 =====
From humble beginnings to attaining market 
leadership, our journey spanning five decades 
has been a remarkable tale of providing utmost 
comfort and support to our customers through 
premium quality, thoughtful innovation, and 
superior technology.
We are proud of our 
achievements and continue to 
partner in our consumers’ growth 
journey by delivering superior 
support and resting solutions.
For 50 years, we have been crafting the most 
significant innovations in the mattress and home 
furnishing industry to shape a healthy future for 
all. Sleepwell, our flagship brand, is India’s most 
trusted brand and is synonymous with ultimate rest 
and comfort for every individual.  Over the years, 
we have evolved into a trusted and multinational 
brand with a network of manufacturing facilities 
and a robust distribution system.  
Our belief that rest is not a privilege but a 
necessity for good health has inspired us to launch 
pioneering solutions that have elevated people’s 
lifestyles. As the pandemic unfolded, it reshaped 
how people lived and worked. Almost overnight, 
people’s immediate concerns – health, hygiene, 
and immunity became a priority. We, at Sheela 
Foam, have achieved the perfect blend of comfort 
technology with a scientific health booster, helping 
consumers safeguard their health and stay fitter. 
We have mastered the skills and technology for 
absolute comfort and convenience.
===== PAGE 33 =====
About Us
With its state-
of-the-art 
technology, 
Sheela Foam, 
an ISO 9001 
certified 
company, is 
committed to 
transforming 
people’ s 
experience of 
health, hygiene, 
and comfort to 
improve their 
lifestyles. 
Established in 1971, Sheela Foam is the pioneer in the mattress and foam 
industry with a wide range of offerings in home comfort, technical foam, 
and institutional foam range. Certified with avant-garde technology and 
pioneering innovations, we manufacture products that meet our customers’ 
discerning needs and give them absolute comfort, satisfaction, and well-
being and are instrumental in their overall development.
An inspiring leadership; multifaceted product portfolio; state-of-the-art 
manufacturing; worldwide network spanning India, Australia, Europe, 
Africa, and America; a broad distribution network, and intense research and 
development underpin our operations. Moreover, we enjoy a solid presence 
in Australia and Spain through our wholly-owned subsidiaries. From leading 
brand Sleepwell which offers thoughtful customisation to spearheading 
Neem Fresche - the health-boosting technology that ensures our products 
are germ-free, we are passionately motivated by development and are 
impeccably positioned to enhance comfort. 
The rising consciousness around the value of comfort and rest to preserve 
good health has played to our advantage. Portfolio diversification in adjoining 
categories and higher engagement through digital channels have been 
instrumental in market share growth. We continuously endeavour to satisfy 
and provide soulful rest to our customers and serve as accomplices in their 
development journey.
Vision
We will continue the legacy of being recognised as a 
leader in premium comfort products.
&
Mission
We will always reinforce our core values of integrity, 
reliability, pro-activity and transparency.
We will remain committed to society.
Every customer will be served with a smile.
02 | Sheela Foam Limited
===== PAGE 34 =====
GROUP COMPANIES
Joyce Foam, Australia
A 100% subsidiary of the 
Sheela Foam, Joyce Foam is a 
leading manufacturer of flexible 
polyurethane foam with around 
40% market share in Australia. It has 
state-of-the-art production centres 
at Adelaide, Canberra, Melbourne, 
Perth, and Sydney with a total 
installed capacity of 10,500 TPA of 
foam manufacturing.
Interplasp S.L., Spain
Interplasp S.L., a subsidiary of 
the Sheela Foam, is backed by 
30 years of operations and has a 
capacity to produce 22,000 tonnes 
of polyurethane foam. It has a 
modernised manufacturing facility at 
Yecla in Spain, one of the most cost-
effective manufacturing locations 
in Europe, enabling us to enjoy 
a competitive edge and develop 
strong footprint in the region.
QUALITY POLICY
We are committed to provide 
complete customer satisfaction 
through continual improvement by 
consistent adherence to our quality 
system and standards. 
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 03
===== PAGE 35 =====
About Us
AWARDS & RECOGNITION: 2021-22
This is to certify that Sheela Foam Limited has
successfully completed the assessment conducted by
Great Place to Work® Institute, India, and is certified as a great workplace.
This certificate is valid from Mar 2022 to Mar 2023.
Note: The certificate is valid subject to the terms and conditions agreed to by the
Organization.
04 | Sheela Foam Limited
===== PAGE 36 =====
BUSINESS STRENGTHS 
Powered by purpose and innovation, 
our expert group of foamers engage 
in seamless manufacturing of high-
quality foam, thus ensuring standard 
quality circles that influences 
category leadership.
With the differentiated science 
and technology of Neem Fresche 
that uses the disinfecting control 
of neem to assist our clients in 
remaining healthier and fitter 
with the mechanical application 
of inventive PU Foam, we offer 
an exhaustive run of imaginative, 
mechanically progressed items to 
improve the existing standard. 
Sleepwell, our leading brand in 
mattress and home comfort 
range, has gathered an omni-
channel presence and a solid brand 
positioning through its predominant 
quality, customised approach, and 
astute advancements comprising 
Comfort Cells, Customised Pillow, 
and Neem Fresche.
Market 
Leadership
Our 10 state-of-the-art 
manufacturing units across India, 5 
generation centres in Australia, and 
1 in Spain help us deliver consistent, 
competitive, profitable, and 
responsible growth.
Manufacturing 
Prowess 
With 2,800 workers, 10 manufacturing 
units, a network of more than 100 
Distributors and more than 13,000 
dealers in India, and export relations 
with 25 nations, we have built up a 
solid global presence and long-term 
relationships with our clients.
Global 
Network
Technical 
Prowess
Our highly skilled R&D team ensures 
operational excellence by adapting 
to the latest technical advancements 
and producing differentiated 
products and solutions. 
Product 
Development/
Research and 
Development
Innovation 
Capabilities 
Our committed customer care team 
aims to provide superior-quality 
products and purposeful brands to 
fulfil customer needs; apprise them 
of the most recent innovation and 
benefits; and directly engage with 
them through proper aftersales 
support and enhance their quality  
of lives. 
Customer 
Centricity
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 05
===== PAGE 37 =====
50 Y ears of our Glorious Journey
Sheela Foam Limited’ s 
journey begins from 
Sahibabad, Uttar 
Pradesh,  
founded by the 
chairperson emeritus  
Mrs. Sheela Gautam.
Taking a
step ahead,
operations were
extended to
Noida, in the
National Capital
Region. 
India’ s economic 
liberalisation in 
1991 prompted the 
Company’ s expansion 
plans.
Brand Sleepwell was 
launched.
1971 1985 1993 1994
Two more plants 
started operations in 
Silvassa near Mumbai, 
and in Hyderabad, then 
in undivided Andhra 
Pradesh.
Went into tie-ups 
with Serta, USA, 
and Dunlopillo, UK, 
to manufacture 
mattresses.
India’ s largest PU 
(polyurethane) foam 
producing plant started 
operations in Greater 
Noida. 
The Company 
introduced rubberised 
coir products under the 
brand name Starlite.
199619992001 1998
Another manufacturing 
unit of the Company 
was set up in Sikkim. 
Sheela Foam Limited 
won the prestigious 
CIO 100 Award.
Ready to spread 
beyond national 
boundaries, the 
Company acquired 
the polyurethane and 
polystyrene business 
of Joyce, Australia.
The Company spread 
its operations to north 
India and started 
a plant in Rajpura, 
Punjab. 
2003 200720052002
06 | Sheela Foam Limited
===== PAGE 38 =====
Won the Nasscom 
CNBC-TV18 IT user 
award; and changed 
the face of mattress 
retail with the launch 
of its exclusive stores, 
Sleepwell Worlds and 
Galleries. 
Won several awards: 
Information Week ‘Silver 
Edge’ Award; CIO Green 
Edge Special Award; CIO 
Asia Award; and the CIO 
100 Award for the 2nd 
time. The Company also 
launched revolutionary 
technologies with 
products like Impressions, 
Latex Plus, Resitec Air, 
Duet Luxury, Durafirm, 
Serenity and Amity. 
Received the 
prestigious Red Hat 
Asia Pacific Award 
and Indian Express 
Intelligent Enterprise 
Award. Also won the 
MIS Asia IT Excellence 
Award, one of Asia’ s 
top information 
technology awards. 
2008 2010 2011
Continued to win 
honours, such as the 
SKOCH Digital Inclusion 
Award; Dataquest 
Innovator Award; CIO 
Innovative – Special 
Award; Information Week 
Silver Edge Award; and 
the CIO 100 Award yet 
again. In the same year, 
the Company started a 
state-of-the-art unit in 
Erode, Tamil Nadu, to 
cater to southern India.
2012
Received the Computer 
World Premier Award. 
Company got listed on 
NSE and BSE. 
2016
Awarded by PU Tech for 
Innovative Technology 
for Vertical Variable 
Pressure Foaming. 
2017
The Company 
expanded production 
capacities at Kala Amb 
in Himachal Pradesh to 
cater to the markets of 
northern India. 
2013
More prestigious 
awards were received 
by the Company, such 
as the CIO 100 - Hall 
of Fame; Information 
Week Silver Edge 
Award; and the CIO 100 
Award once again. 
2014
More awards were won 
by the Company. The 
included Star SME of the 
Year by Business Standard; 
Silver medal in the India 
Green Manufacturing 
Challenge 2017, presented 
by the International 
Research Institute for 
Manufacturing, India; 5 
Awards for Excellence in IT. 
Footprint in Europe, 
the Company acquired 
Interplasp S.L. in Spain
Set up a new Subsidiary 
called as International 
Comfort Technologies 
Private Limited 
and commenced 
construction for a new 
plant under it at Maneri 
Industrial Area near 
Jabalpur, MP .   
2018 2019 2021
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 07
===== PAGE 39 =====
Performance Scorecard
EARNINGS PER SHARE
2017 25.6
2018 27.4
2019 27.4
2020 39.8
2021 49.2
2022 44.8
 Absolute (`) 
11.2
11.0
9.9
13.8
14.9
10.6
EBITDA
2017 195.2
2018 216.3
2019 211
2020 300.4
2021 362.3
2022 314.9
 Absolute (` in Crore)  Margins (%)
PAT
2017 124.8
2018 133.7
2019 133.7
2020 194.3
2021 240.15
2022 219
 Absolute (` in Crore)  Margins (%)
7.1
6.8
6.2
8.9
9.9
7.3
NET WORTH
2017 463.4
2018 597.3
2019 730.1
2020 919.7
2021 1,184.3
2022 1,392.6
 Absolute (` in Crore)  Margins (%)
26.9
22.4
18.3
21.1
21.9
15.5
08 | Sheela Foam Limited
===== PAGE 40 =====
SEGMENT-WISE  
BREAK-UP                    KEY FIGURES
BREAK-UP 
OF INDIAN 
OPERATIONS
  70% Indian Operations
  79% Home Comfort Line
  15% Australian Operations
  21% Technical Foam
  15% European Operations
11% 10%
Revenue Growth CAGR 2017-22 EBITDA Growth CAGR 2017-22
13% 24%
PAT Growth CAGR 2017-22 Net Worth Growth CAGR 2017-22
`3,061 Crore
Consolidated Revenue  
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 09
===== PAGE 41 =====
The pandemic has brought to the fore the importance of preventative care and the role 
sleep plays in health and immunity-building. With consumers taking better charge of 
their well-being, a good night’ s rest is finally gaining prominence. The pandemic has 
made way for a more product-savvy , quality-conscious consumer who is willing to 
research, compare product material and technology , and make informed decisions.  
50 Years of
Providing Absolute 
Comfort and Rest 
With our innovative products 
and technologies, we have been 
delivering ultimate comfort and 
sound sleep for accelerated growth. 
Whether at work, resting, sleeping, 
or on-the-go, our solutions are 
designed to provide high-quality rest 
to every individual. Our products 
are conceptualised, designed, 
and manufactured with extensive 
research and rigorous quality 
control. At the same time, we also 
offer solutions for the economy 
segment where consumers desire 
innovative and comfortable products 
at the most competitive prices 
through our Starlite and Feather 
Foam mattress range.
Sleepwell is one of the most beloved 
brands in India with its premium 
quality, customisation options, and 
the unique proposition of science-
led innovation. Fortified with 
advanced Neem Fresche technology 
that promotes health and hygiene, 
Sleepwell is a brand that stands 
apart not only in the domestic 
market but in the international 
markets as well. 
10 | Sheela Foam Limited
===== PAGE 42 =====
HOME COMFORT PRODUCTS 
Product
My Mattress, Spring Range, Technology Range, Back Support Range, Flexi 
PUF Range, Showroom RangeMattresses
Fibre Range, Flexi PUF Range, Premium RangePillow
-Bolsters cushion
Sofa and BedSofa-cum-beds
Comfort range accessories, Foam CoresOther products
Sleepwell Resitec, Sleepwell Cool Gel, Primo, Feather FoamFurniture -   
cushioning material
Product Lines
Poly-ester foam,  
Poly-ether foam
Ester-based foam,
Ether-based foam
-
Ester-based PU foam
Seat cover, Sound absorption systems, Sun
visors, Headliners, Door trims, Lamination systems
Filtration systems, Ceramic foam filters,
Outdoor furniture, Microphones and headphones, Safety fuel 
tanks, Ink cartridges
Sportswear, Innerwear and lingerie, Clothing, Swimwear, 
Comfort accessories for shoes
Automotive, Diesel generator canopies, Theatres, 
auditoriums, indoor stadiums, Broadcasting rooms and 
recording studios, Industrial silencers, Acoustic enclosures, 
Engine testing rooms
TECHNICAL FOAM PRODUCTS 
Product
Automotive foams
Reticulated foam
Ultra Violet Stable foam
Slientech foam
Product Lines End-use Industries
OUR PRODUCT PORTFOLIO
• Automotive Foams • 
Reticulated Foams • Ultra-
Violet Stable Foams  
• Silentech Foams
• Furniture Cushions • Pillows 
• Bedsheets • Comforters/
Blankets • Mattress Protectors  
• Sofa-cum-Beds 
• My Mattress • Spring Range 
• Technology Range • Custom 
Cell Range • Back Support 
Range • Flexi PUF Range  
• Showroom Range • Economy 
Range • SleepX Online Brand
Mattresses Technical 
Foam
Home 
Comfort
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 11
===== PAGE 43 =====
Innovation and technology are pivotal to all facets of businesses worldwide. In recent 
times, innovative and interesting sleep technologies have gained traction and are 
associated with direct health benefits. We constantly endeavour to leverage advanced 
technologies to produce superior products and solutions for the overall well-being and 
growth of consumers.
50 Years of
Constant Innovation 
and Growth
Neem Fresche, an environment-
friendly, germ-free technology uses 
the proven disinfecting properties of 
neem to protect against dust mites, 
and skin and breathing disorders. 
Certified by the United States 
Environmental Protection Agency, 
this technology is offered for the 
entire Sleepwell home-comfort 
range. Neem Fresche brings the best 
of nature and science for a bespoke 
sleep experience and good health 
of every individual. This technology 
withstands multiple cleaning cycles 
and remains effective for years. 
Other innovations include Comfort 
Cell Mattress designed with 
Integrated Core Technology for 
proper support and sound sleep; My 
Pillow with a range of customised 
pillows with High-Rise or Low-
Rise options; Zero Turn Mattress 
to reduce the need to turn the 
mattress periodically to prevent 
sagging issues; and Responsive 
Memory Foam to accommodate to 
the resting needs to increase the 
comfort quotient of consumers.
One of our most significant 
innovations includes Bed-in-a-box 
from our Spain plant. This is a new 
opportunity in the US as the country 
imposes trade restrictions on other 
countries. The product saves both on 
middle-channel and transportation 
costs and is a valuable addition to 
our offerings. We have also started 
exporting spring mattresses to the 
US from India. 
We also provide our customers with 
an opportunity to design their own 
furniture through virtual technology 
and elevate their living spaces. Beds, 
Bedside Tables, Sofa Sets, and corner 
elements of mid-price segments with 
the best quality and brand warranty 
are among our other offerings.  
OUR PATH-BREAKING INNOVATIONS
12 | Sheela Foam Limited
===== PAGE 44 =====
As providers of high-quality sleeping 
solutions, we aim to educate 
consumers about the importance of 
quality sleep and rest for improved 
productivity and growth. 
Through SleepX, we organse 
webinar where sleep expert address 
the audience to increase awareness 
about the significance of sleep, 
sleep disorders, and methods to 
promote healthy sleeping habits. 
It is a community of people joining 
hands to provide assistance, uplift 
each other, and encourage rest for 
growth. Sleep Talk, Your Sleep Story, 
and Sleep Expert are among the key 
initiatives. 
EDUCATING CONSUMERS THROUGH  
WEBINAR ON SLEEP THROUGH SLEEPX 
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 13
===== PAGE 45 =====
Chairman’ s Message
Dear Shareholders, 
It is my pleasure and pride that 
I present this Annual Report as 
Sheela Foam has completed 
50 years of operations. 
Our five-decade growth is an 
inspiring journey of turning 
challenges into opportunities and 
setbacks into success. Our evolution 
from a humble start-up to one of the 
leading mattress manufacturers in 
the world, through the flagship sleep 
solution brand Sleepwell, can largely 
be attributed to the core values and 
guiding principles of Sheela Foam.
As the world economy was gradually 
putting the COVID-19 pandemic 
behind with the lifting of restrictions 
and recovery in economic activities 
and consumer sentiments, another 
shock struck. The Russia-Ukraine 
conflict has become a humanitarian 
crisis and set back the economic 
recovery. Commodity prices remain 
volatile at elevated levels, and supply 
chain disruptions have worsened. 
Inflation pressures have heightened 
across geographies, and central 
banks are aggressively tightening 
liquidity conditions. 
Notwithstanding the prevailing 
uncertainties, the fundamentals of 
the Indian economy remain strong. 
Barring the short-term challenges 
such as increase in fuel and freight 
costs, container shortage, and 
logistical constraints, the long-term 
outlook seems promising. Thrust 
on infrastructure development, 
improvement in the rural 
economy, greater focus on policy 
implementation, and growth in  
real estate and railways will 
accelerate economic recovery  
and boost demand. 
Our robust operations, technical 
competence, and solid brand 
reputation place us on a high growth 
trajectory. We continue to embark 
on innovation, superior design, and 
high-quality products that personify 
excellence. Our core strength of 
research-led innovation provides an 
unmatched value proposition for 
consumers in both premium and 
economy segments. We are also 
benefiting from changing consumer 
preferences towards high-quality, 
branded household products as they 
have become more conscious about 
their health and hygiene. Consumers 
perceive home comfort products as 
a necessity and are willing to invest 
in ones that guarantee enhanced 
comfort and sleep along with right 
quality. The new work-from-home 
culture has also prompted a shift in 
consumer behaviour as they spent 
more hours at home and demand 
a soothing environment and finest 
wellness products. 
PERFORMANCE REVIEW
Our net revenue from operations in 
FY 2021-22 on a consolidated basis 
increased to ` 3,061 crore from  
` 2,487 crore in FY 2020-21 registering 
a growth of 23%. Consolidated net 
profit after tax decreased to ` 219 crore 
from ` 240 crore in the previous year 
due to increased cost of raw material 
across the globe.  On a standalone 
basis, net revenue from operations 
stood at ` 2,195 crore as against  
` 1,741 crore in FY 2020-21 registering 
a growth of 26%. Profit after tax for 
the year increased to ` 197 crore 
from ` 181 crore in the previous fiscal, 
registering a growth of 9%. 
Net revenue from operations from 
Australia in FY 2021-22 decreased to 
AUD 77.56 million from AUD 81.08 
million in FY 2020-21. Net profit 
after tax decreased to AUD 2.66  
million from AUD 4.84 million in the 
previous year. The net revenue from 
operations from Spain increased to 
Euro 51.18 million in FY 2021-22 from 
Euro 39.75 million in FY 2020-21, 
while net profit decreased to Euro 
2.19 million from Euro 4.09 million in 
the previous fiscal due to increased 
cost of raw material.
All our subsidiaries continue to do 
well. Australia, which was impacted 
in the first half of the year, has made 
a strong recovery with relaxations 
in restrictions and opening up of 
economic activities. As far as Spain 
is concerned, it has always remained 
strong and offers multiple growth 
opportunities with little impact of 
COVID-19 pandemic on the country 
and its people. 
14 | Sheela Foam Limited
===== PAGE 46 =====
As you all are aware that we have new 
projects lined up across all the three 
geographies - India, Australia, and 
Spain. We have a large project coming 
up in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh 
through our wholly-owned subsidiary 
International Comfort Technologies 
Private Limited. We intend to 
manufacture mattresses and pillows 
for all the segments of the society 
including underserved markets of Tier 
III and IV cities. Production of this unit 
is expected to commence by the  
end of 2022.
This facility is expected to be a 
game-changer in the modern 
mattress industry. Firstly, because 
of the market that intends to 
cater to, and secondly, because 
the technology that has never 
been used in India before. It is a 
revolutionary and unique technology 
which will facilitate both affordability 
and availability. 
We have a new upcoming plant 
in Adelaide. This is the second 
foaming unit with newer and modern 
technologies and is expected to 
commence production in October 
2022. There is also a substantial 
expansion planned in Spain which 
is expected to come on stream 
in January 2023. As it had been 
mentioned earlier, our Company in 
Spain is a very small part of the largest 
foam market and with the proposed 
capacity expansion, it will steadily 
achieve higher revenue and profits. 
Our exports are scaling up as we 
continue to market and sell higher 
volumes of technical foam and 
mattress. Company is addressing 
the issue of freight which is a 
cause of concern nowadays due 
to pandemic and Ukraine war. We 
continue to drive sales of PE Foam 
products on account of increasing 
customer preferences. This will  
also help us retain our comfort  
foam customers.  
GROWTH IN E-COMMERCE
The pandemic has made people 
wary of stepping out of their 
homes and has given a huge fillip 
to e-commerce. Modern mattress 
players are shaping new strategies 
to help consumers buy mattresses 
from the comfort of their homes. 
Our e-commerce business has 
progressed well and registered 
the revenue of ` 85 crore and a 
growth of 55% over the previous 
year. Innovative products such as 
Personal Protector coupled with the 
regionalisation of communication 
will further boost growth. SleepX, 
our e-commerce mattress brand, 
banks on the solid reputation and 
promise of Sleepwell.  SleepX is 
bound to ride the e-commerce and 
online retail boom and take the 
organisation to newer heights.  
BUSINESS OUTLOOK
Going forward, despite the macro-
economic disruptions, our outlook 
on the furniture and mattress 
industry remains quite strong owing 
to the favourable demographics, 
rising affluence in the Indian 
population, and growth in end-
user industries such as housing, 
automobile, hospitality, and 
healthcare. Per capita consumption 
of foam is quite low compared to 
other markets which provides ample 
headroom for growth. 
Our six-point strategy will be to 
differentiate the brand and elevate 
the comfort quotient for our 
consumers; follow a segmented 
approach to tap into white segments 
in the market and support growth; 
regionalise communication to 
strengthen consumer connect; 
digitise platforms to generate 
higher engagement and business; 
improve consumer experience 
with enhanced in-store service and 
better conversions and build a wide 
spectrum of solutions to increase 
consumer connect and growth. 
Our key drivers for growth in the 
coming year will be focussed on our 
core brands. Capacity expansion in the 
international businesses will unfold 
and the opportunity for mergers and 
acquisitions is something that we 
continue to explore. 
We are building an organisation 
which is future-fit and purpose-
driven as we enhance our 
focus and strive to integrate 
the environmental, social, and 
governance (ESG) parameters in the 
business. In the future, ESG will form 
the backbone and cornerstone of 
operations at Sheela Foam. 
CONCLUSION
My sincere appreciation to our 
shareholders, partners, customers, 
suppliers, and employees for their 
unstinted trust and support in 
us. We remain positive about the 
market sentiments and are putting 
our best foot forward to capitalise 
on the opportunities that lie ahead 
and drive growth. As we embark on 
the next era of our journey, our rich 
legacy will continue to inspire us to 
deliver greater value for all.
Regards.
Rahul Gautam
Chairman & Managing Director, 
Sheela Foam Limited
WE HAVE A NEW UPCOMING 
PLANT IN ADELAIDE  WITH 
NEWER AND MODERN
TECHNOLOGIES...
... THERE IS A SUBSTANTIAL 
EXPANSION PLANNED IN 
SPAIN... 
WE HAVE A LARGE PROJECT 
COMING UP IN JABALPUR, 
MADHYA PRADESH...
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 15
===== PAGE 47 =====
Board of Directors
8 7
3
1
4
2
9
10
6
5
RAHUL GAUTAM
Chairman & Managing Director
He has been associated with our 
Company since 1971 and has been 
our Managing Director since  
1 April 1996. He holds a Bachelor’s 
degree in Technology - Chemical 
Engineering from the Indian 
Institute of Technology, Kanpur, 
and a Master’s degree in Science 
- Chemical Engineering from the 
Polytechnic Institute of New York. 
He has over 45 years of experience 
in the home comfort products 
and PU foam industry and is the 
Chairman Emeritus of the Indian 
Polyurethane Association.
1
16 | Sheela Foam Limited
===== PAGE 48 =====
MEENA JAGTIANI
Independent Director
She is an MBA from the Symbiosis 
Institute of Business Management and 
has done an Executive Development 
Programme from Wharton Business 
School, University of Pennsylvania. 
At present, she is working as an 
independent HR advisor. She has  
three decades of rich industry 
experience in the field of HR. She 
served in various corporate houses 
such as the Aditya Birla Group, Daksh 
e-Services Private Limited, and Korn/
Ferry International - world’s leading 
search firm before taking her role as  
an Independent Advisor.
LT GEN (DR.) VIJAY KUMAR 
AHLUWALIA
Independent Director
He has been associated with our 
Company since 5 March 2018. He is 
holding a master’s degree in Defence 
Studies and Management from Madras 
University, M. Phil in Defence Studies 
from Indore University and PhD in 
Management - Internal Security 
and Conflict Resolution from Amity 
University, Noida. He has several years 
of experience in Defence Services. He 
also served as a Judge of Armed Force 
Tribunal and as Director-General of 
Raffles Group of Institutions, Raffles 
University, Neemrana, Rajasthan. 
ANIL TANDON
Independent Director
He has been associated with our 
Company since 7 June 2016. He 
is holding a bachelor’s degree of 
Technology in Electrical Engineering 
from the Indian Institute of 
Technology, Kanpur and a Post-
graduate Diploma in Management 
from the Indian Institute of 
Management, Ahmedabad. Since 
1995, he has been the Managing 
Director of Tex Corp Pvt Ltd, a leading 
organisation in the field of fastening 
products. He has several years of 
national and international experience 
in the zip fastening products sector.
8 9 10
5 6 7RAVINDRA DHARIWAL
Independent Director
He has been associated with our 
Company since 7 June 2016. He 
holds a bachelor’s degree in Chemical 
Engineering from the Indian Institute 
of Technology, Kanpur, and a post 
graduate diploma in Management 
from the Indian Institute of 
Management, Calcutta. He was the 
Group CEO of Bennett & Coleman, 
India’s largest media company. He has 
vast experience in the fields of Sales 
and Marketing Management.
VIJAY KUMAR CHOPRA
Independent Director
He has been associated with our 
company since 7 June 2016. He is 
a fellow member of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India. In the 
past, he has held senior managerial 
positions in various banking 
organisations such as the Central Bank 
of India and has been the Chairman 
and Managing Director of Corporation 
Bank and SIDBI. He has also served as 
a Whole-time Member of SEBI from 
6 June 2006 to 5 March 2008. He has 
several years of experience in the 
banking and finance sector and vast 
knowledge of financial matters. 
SOM MITTAL
Independent Director
He has been associated with the 
Company since 7 June 2016. He holds 
a bachelor’s degree in Metallurgical 
Engineering from the Indian Institute 
of Technology, Kanpur, and a post-
graduate diploma in Business 
Administration from the Indian 
Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. 
He has several years of experience 
in manufacturing and information 
technology sectors.
TUSHAAR GAUTAM
Whole-Time Director
He has been associated with our 
Company since 7 January 2002 and 
been a Whole-Time Director since  
1 April 2007. He is elevated to the  
CEO of the Indian Operation since  
1 February 2022. He holds a bachelor’s 
degree from Purdue University, USA, 
where his courses of study included 
Financial, Marketing, and Operations 
Management. He oversees the 
operations of the Company and our 
subsidiary Joyce Foam Pty Ltd and 
Interplasp Spain and serves on their 
Board of Directors. He has more than 
19 years of experience in heading 
Production, Research and Development. 
NAMITA GAUTAM
Whole-Time Director
She has been associated with our 
Group for the past 33 years and been a 
Whole-Time Director of our Company 
since 14 November 2003. During her 
tenure, she has headed the Human 
Resource, Marketing, and Projects 
departments of the Company. She 
currently leads our CSR initiative 
through the Sleepwell Foundation 
and heads Special Projects. She holds 
a bachelor’s degree in Law and a 
master’s degree in Economics from 
Kanpur University.
RAKESH CHAHAR
Whole-Time Director
He has been associated with our 
Company since 1 November 1990  
and been a Whole-Time Director since 
14 November 2003. He has more  
than 30 years of experience in the 
business of selling and marketing of 
bedding products and polyurethane 
foam. He heads the Sales and 
Marketing function.
2 3 4
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 17
===== PAGE 49 =====
CORPORATE
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITYCSR
Annual Report 2021-22
Our Initiatives
EMOTIONAL WELLNESS SDC KHURJA SKILL DEVELOPMENT
SOCIAL CHANGE WITH
GREATER RESPONSE
GREATER PARTICIPATION
GREATER IMPACT
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities of
Sheela Foam Limited are spearheaded by Sleepwell Foundation
While the pandemic seems to be behind us, the path to recovery 
towards normalcy is slow as people continue to be greatly aﬀected 
by its aftermath.
At Sleepwell Foundation, post-pandemic recovery has been central 
to our every initiative to empower the marginalised and 
underprivileged youth and women.
18 | Sheela Foam Limited
===== PAGE 50 =====
Baatein Dil Ki Season 2
The second season of Baatein 
Dil Ki came with more /f_ilms 
touching on diverse emotional 
issues appropriate for the present 
times. Our /f_ilms have generated 
tremendous impact among the 
masses in enhancing their 
emotional health literacy, reducing 
self-stigma and improving 
attitudes towards help-seeking. Impact: 10,29,810 Bene/f_iciaries 
Additional Views: 1,12,802 through Zindagi with Richa YouTube Channel  
At Sleepwell Foundation, we leverage Social Media to 
enhance Emotional Wellness in the society by 
building awareness, actions on the ground, and 
advocacy with various stakeholders.
IMPACT: 
88,23,078 
BENEFICIARIES 
ADDITIONAL VIEWS: 
2,10,90,967 
THROUGH ZINDAGI WITH 
RICHA YOUTUBE CHANNEL  
ZINDAGI WITH RICHA
SEASON 5
Sleepwell Foundation Presents
Films of inspirational Real Life Stories of 
ordinary people doing extraordinary things, 
streaming on our social media platforms, 
continues to receive positive response. The 
episode of Prafull Billore has garnered more 
than 6.9 million views. More than 5,000 people 
have commented while 3.27 lakh people have 
liked the /f_ilm.
EMOTIONAL WELLNESS
We have reached
411.6 MILLION 
people with our /f_ilms on 
Emotional Wellness, and 
every day our viewership 
is increasing.
CORPORATE
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITYCSR
Annual Report 2021-22
Our Initiatives
EMOTIONAL WELLNESS SDC KHURJA SKILL DEVELOPMENT
SOCIAL CHANGE WITH
GREATER RESPONSE
GREATER PARTICIPATION
GREATER IMPACT
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities of
Sheela Foam Limited are spearheaded by Sleepwell Foundation
While the pandemic seems to be behind us, the path to recovery 
towards normalcy is slow as people continue to be greatly aﬀected 
by its aftermath.
At Sleepwell Foundation, post-pandemic recovery has been central 
to our every initiative to empower the marginalised and 
underprivileged youth and women.
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 19
===== PAGE 51 =====
Sleepwell Foundation conducted workshops 
for the trainees to improve their emotional 
wellbeing. Sessions on Perception and 
Communication, Relationships, and enhancing 
Emotional Wellness were conducted in which 
almost the entire student community 
participated.
Post lockdown and isolation, these workshops 
brought fresh life to the 
students by enhancing their overall 
social and emotional connect.
Emotional Wellness
Workshop at Jijabai
ITI for Women, 
New Delhi
OFFLINE COUNSELLING
Caring about the emotional issues of young 
ITI women trainees, we have opened a 
One-to-One Counselling service at the ITI. 
Sessions are held every Tuesday where individual 
counselling is conducted by a well-quali/f_ied and 
trained counsellor.
This service was started on 8th March 2022 to commemorate International Women’s Day.
ONE-TO-ONE
COUNSELLING AT
JIJABAI ITI FOR WOMEN,
NEW DELHI
BEING SMART
20 EPISODES
Film series to guide and educate 
school-going children and 
teenagers in dealing with the 
challenges that make them 
vulnerable to risky situations.
IMPACT: 
15,56,346 BENEFICIARIES 
ADDITIONAL VIEWS: 
1,02,246
THROUGH ZINDAGI WITH RICHA 
YOUTUBE CHANNEL  
SUBSCRIBERS ON
We have  1,00,000
/Sleepwellfoundation
20 | Sheela Foam Limited
===== PAGE 52 =====
Sleepwell Foundation conducted workshops 
for the trainees to improve their emotional 
wellbeing. Sessions on Perception and 
Communication, Relationships, and enhancing 
Emotional Wellness were conducted in which 
almost the entire student community 
participated.
Post lockdown and isolation, these workshops 
brought fresh life to the 
students by enhancing their overall 
social and emotional connect.
Emotional Wellness
Workshop at Jijabai
ITI for Women, 
New Delhi
OFFLINE COUNSELLING
Caring about the emotional issues of young 
ITI women trainees, we have opened a 
One-to-One Counselling service at the ITI. 
Sessions are held every Tuesday where individual 
counselling is conducted by a well-quali/f_ied and 
trained counsellor.
This service was started on 8th March 2022 to commemorate International Women’s Day.
ONE-TO-ONE
COUNSELLING AT
JIJABAI ITI FOR WOMEN,
NEW DELHI
BEING SMART
20 EPISODES
Film series to guide and educate 
school-going children and 
teenagers in dealing with the 
challenges that make them 
vulnerable to risky situations.
IMPACT: 
15,56,346 BENEFICIARIES 
ADDITIONAL VIEWS: 
1,02,246
THROUGH ZINDAGI WITH RICHA 
YOUTUBE CHANNEL  
SUBSCRIBERS ON
We have  1,00,000
/Sleepwellfoundation
With profound and irreversible changes on the horizon for the post-pandemic world of work, we are preparing the rural youth 
for the shift in skill demand.
We have added relevant and forward-looking courses that would reimagine jobs in the post-pandemic economy. It would help 
the youth to get back to work in the short term, while addressing the greater issues of emotional wellness in the long run.
To meet the demand for medical professionals in rural areas, we have started short-term Paramedical courses at our newly 
constructed SDC Block-2 Campus.
Paramedical Courses started
The courses are aﬃliated with DPMI Vocational Institute; a premium institute 
imparting quality paramedical health education for the last 25 years.
WE HAVE TRAINED 
AROUND 200 YOUTH 
WHO ARE CURRENTLY 
UNDERGOING INTERNSHIP 
AT GOVERNMENT-RUN 
HOSPITALS AND HEALTH 
CENTRES IN AND
AROUND KHURJA.
COURSES RUNNING AT 
PRESENT: NURSING 
ASSISTANT, EMERGENCY 
MEDICAL TECHNICIAN, 
AND PHLEBOTOMY.
EXPANSION AT SDC, Khurja
SDC Block-2 Enhancing Infrastructure; Catering to growing demand
570 SQ.M. BUILT-UP AREA
LIBRARY | 5 TRAINING ROOMS | RECEPTION | TOILET BLOCK | OFFICE
Sleepwell Foundation
Skill Development Centre, KhurjaSDC
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 21
===== PAGE 53 =====
Preparatory Classes for 
Admission in Sainik Schools
In our commitment to empowering rural children and youth for a 
ful/f_illing life – SDC Khurja is holding preparatory classes for 
entrance exam for Admission in Sainik Schools for Class 6.
It is a year-long programme to coach children in Math, English, 
General Science, and Social Studies. Assistance is also provided for 
online form-/f_illing and accustomising children for the online 
examination.
AROUND 50 YOUTH ENROLLED
MANY FOUND EMPLOYMENT WITH RENOWNED 
COMPANIES
Selling Skill Course initiated
350 TRAINEES
 ACROSS MULTIDISCIPLINE 
BENEFITED FROM THESE WORKSHOPS
Soft Skills Workshops at SDC Khurja for SDC Trainees
With the growing emphasis on SOFT SKILLS in shrinking job 
market, we have conducted a month-long workshop for all the 
trainees of SDC to reinforce these skillsets to them.
Sessions were held on Perception and Communication Skills, 
Stress Management, Anger Management, Interview Skills, 
Presentation Skills, Public Speaking, Group Discussion, Resume 
Writing Skills, etc. 
We have started this course to increase the scope of 
employment for thousands of youth as salesperson, especially 
from rural areas.
The course is conducted by Mr. Rajul Chaturvedi, an acclaimed 
coach and author of ‘The 7 Steps of an Eﬀective Sales Call: An 
F.M.C.G. Salesman's Bible.’
By teaching the basics of sales to these youth, we are 
transforming them into eﬃcient salespeople.
25 STUDENTS ATTENDED THESE CLASSES
22 | Sheela Foam Limited
===== PAGE 54 =====
2nd FASHION SHOW AT SDC KHURJA BY MASTERG TRAINEES
Marking the passing out 
ceremony of the 2nd and 
3rd Batch of MasterG 
Fashion Designing Course
As a tradition of the discipline, a fashion show 
was held where the passing-out graduates 
modelled and walked the ramp showcasing 
their creations. 35 Students participated in the 
fashion show.
MasterG Fashion Designing Course is empowering women for /f_inancial 
independence, gender equality, poverty eradication and inclusive 
economic growth.
Rozgar Mela 2
Job Fair at SDC Khurja
GRAND SUCCESS — HUGE TURNOUT OF 600
In oﬀering opportunities for livelihood to the rural youth – 
Sleepwell Foundation, in partnership with CII Model 
Career Centre (CII MCC) organised Rozgar Mela 2 at Sleepwell 
Foundation Skill Development Centre, Khurja 
on 25th February 2022.
21 Renowned companies from diﬀerent sectors participated in 
the Fair.
200 CANDIDATES GOT 
ON-THE-SPOT JOBS.
MANY MORE WERE 
SHORTLISTED.
450 YOUNG PEOPLE GOT THEIR HEALTH CHECK-UP DONE
Free Medical Check-up Camp
On the occasion of Children’s Day, Sleepwell Foundation in 
collaboration with Adharshila conducted the 2nd Free Medical 
Camp at SDC Khurja on 12th November 2021.
6th CSR Committee
Meeting of Sheela Foam
held at SDC Khurja
Directors and CSR Committee Members of Sheela Foam visited 
SDC Khurja on 14th December 2021 to assess the Centre’s 
performance and also to draw future CSR strategies. Those 
delegated from Sheela Foam were Mr. Anil Tandon, Ms. Meena 
Jagtiani, Mr. Rahul Gautam, Mr. Rakesh Chahar, Mr. Ravi 
Dhariwal, Lt Gen (Dr.) V.K. Ahluwalia and other Senior Managers. 
They were highly impressed by what they saw at SDC and rated 
the Centre very high.
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 23
===== PAGE 55 =====
Sleepwell Foundation conducted Workshops to enhance Soft & 
Functional skills and Emotional Wellness of Teachers. Improved 
professional skills of teachers will have maximum impact on the 
learning outcome of the students, especially in the light of the 
New Education Policy.
Train The Teachers
5-Day Online Workshop
5 WORKSHOPS WERE HELD IN F Y 2021-22 |  2,420 BENEFITED
Skill Development
In association with CII, a 3-Day Hybrid Workshop (Online and 
Physical) was held from 25th to 27th August 2021, exclusively for 
YUVA Trainees at Delhi Police Headquarters, Jai Singh Road, 
New Delhi. The workshop was aimed to bene/f_it those youth 
who get diverted to crime and in order to integrate them with 
the mainstream.
The workshop was inaugurated by Shri Rakesh Asthana, 
Commissioner, Delhi Police, Shri Balaji Srivastav, Special 
Commissioner of Delhi Police and other senior oﬃcers from 
Delhi Police and Confederation of Indian Industry (CII). On the 
closing day, Mr. Rahul Gautam, MD and Chairman, Sheela Foam 
addressed the audience.
How to Start a Business
Workshop for Delhi Police
Yuva Trainees
 740 YOUTH BENEFITED
In association with CII, Sleepwell Foundation conducted 
workshops for SME industry personnel, from semi-skilled to 
managerial level, training them on enhancing their personal 
and professional skills.
Enhance Your Professional
Eﬀectiveness Online Workshops
1,807 BENEFICIARIES8 WORKSHOPS CONDUCTED
In mentoring youth towards Self Employment – workshops 
were conducted for those who have ideas but not the 
know-how to set up their business. The workshops gave 
detailed guidance for getting started.
How to Start a Business
Online Workshops
3,462 BENEFICIARIES13 WORKSHOPS CONDUCTED
24 | Sheela Foam Limited
===== PAGE 56 =====
We have incrementally stepped up our plan of action 
against the pandemic since last year to respond as the 
circumstances demanded.
Navigating the crisis with resilience
COVID-19 Response by Sheela Foam
Free COVID-19
Vaccination Drive
at SDC, Khurja
In lending a hand in COVID-19 
Vaccination eﬀorts, we 
organised 3 Vaccination Camps 
at SDC, Khurja where 530 rural 
people were inoculated. 
Oxygen to Save Lives
To make critical oxygen care accessible to patients, we donated a 
PSA Medical Oxygen Gas Generation Plant to Mohanlal Gautam 
District Female Hospital, Aligarh.
Mobility to Save Lives
Advanced Life Support Ambulance donated 
to
Shaheed Bhagat Singh Seva Dal, Delhi.
Donated Mattresses, Pillows and 
Bedsheets to various COVID-care 
hospitals and health centres 
throughout India.
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 25
===== PAGE 57 =====
Corporate Information
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Rahul Gautam
Namita Gautam
Rakesh Chahar
Tushaar Gautam
GROUP CFO
Nikhil Datye
BANKERS
Y es Bank Limited
Citi Bank
Kotak Mahindra Bank
REGISTERED OFFICE
604 Ashadeep, 9 Hailey Road, New Delhi – 110001, India
Telephone – +91 11 22026875
HEAD OFFICE
#14, Sector 135, Sleepwell Tower, Noida – 201301, Uttar Pradesh, India
E-mail – investorrelation@sheelafoam.com
REGISTRAR  
OF THE COMPANY
LINK INTIME INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED
Noble Heights, First Floor, Plot NH2, C-1 Block LSC, Near Savitri Market, Janakpuri, 
New Delhi – 110058
Telephone – +91 11 – 41410592, 93, 94
E-mail – delhi@linkintime.co.in
Website – www.linkintime.co.in
NON-EXECUTIVE  
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
V K Chopra
Som Mittal
Ravindra Dhariwal
Anil Tandon
Lt Gen (Dr.) V K Ahluwalia
Meena Jagtiani
COMPANY SECRETARY
Md Iquebal Ahmad
AUDITORS
MSKA & Associates
26 | Sheela Foam Limited
===== PAGE 58 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 27
Management Discussion & Analysis
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW 
Global Economy
The global economy was seen recovering in 2021 after 
the high market volatility and deep recession in 2020. 
However, the ongoing Russia-Ukraine crisis led to 
extensive loss of lives, triggered the biggest refugee 
crisis in Europe, and severely set back the global recovery. 
After a strong rebound in 2021, the economic indicators 
suggest that global activity has slowed. Global growth is 
projected to decline from 6.1% in 2021 to 3.6% in 2022 
and 2023. This comes just as the threat from the Omicron 
variant appeared to be fading, with major economies of 
the world moving past the acute phase of the pandemic. 
At the end of 2021, inflation in several regions surged 
to multi-decadal highs. A key driver of inflation across 
the world has been the rapid surge in energy, food, 
and commodity prices. However, a faster resolution of 
the war in Ukraine and strong policy support would lift 
confidence, ease pressure on commodity markets, and 
reduce supply bottlenecks. 
Growth across Advanced Economies (AEs) is expected 
to moderate to 3.3% in 2022 from 5.2% clocked in 2021. 
The US economic expansion has been facing headwinds 
from surging inflation and gradual withdrawal of fiscal 
and monetary policy support. The rebound that was 
underway in Europe has suffered a setback due to the 
Russia-Ukraine conflict with inflation at unpredictable 
levels. Emerging Markets and Developing Economies 
(EMDEs) are expected to grow at 3.8% as against 6.8% 
growth recorded in 2021. Developments in China 
continue to dominate the outlook for Asia, especially for 
emerging Asia. The risk of new COVID-19 variants in China 
has led to mobility restrictions and localised lockdowns, 
which has slowed private consumption. Emerging and 
Developing Europe, including Russia and Ukraine will 
see GDP contract significantly owing to higher energy 
prices and the disruption of trade. A few central banks 
have started tightening their stances in the second half 
of 2021 and others are expected to follow in response 
to domestic macroeconomic conditions, including rising 
inflationary pressures.
(Source: IMF World Economic Outlook, April 2022)
Indian Economy
Following the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
India’ s economy was well on its way to recovery, with 
both the manufacturing and service sectors exhibiting 
consistent growth. However, the emergence of new 
COVID variants, supply-chain disruptions arising 
out of the Russia-Ukraine crisis, and, more recently, 
weaker consumer demand owing to higher oil and food 
prices have been posing fresh challenges to economic 
development. As per IMF, India’ s Gross Domestic Product 
(GDP) is estimated to have grown by 8.9% in FY 2021-22, 
and growth is expected at 8.2% in FY 2022-23, making 
India the fastest-growing major economy in the world. 
The Indian economy is expected to remain resilient despite 
the ongoing geopolitical conflicts, mainly due to the 
economy’ s inherent strengths, strong fundamentals, and 
growth promising sectors. Growth will be supported by 
various dynamic reforms undertaken by the government, 
such as significant increase in capital expenditure on 
infrastructure, thrust on domestic manufacturing and 
technology-enabled development, and recovery in 
consumer demand, among others. 
(Source: IMF World Economic Outlook, April 2022)
OUTLOOK
Huge government funding in public infrastructure, 
announcement of newer and efficient Vande Bharat 
trains, and higher allocation towards affordable housing 
- are all expected to encourage growth and attract private 
investments through a strong multiplier effect in the 
industry. However, supply-side bottlenecks persist with 
rising international crude oil prices and growing raw 
material costs. On the monetary side, the Reserve Bank of 
India (RBI) continued with the accommodative monetary 
stance by keeping key repo rate and reverse repo rate 
unchanged at 4% and 3.35%, respectively to trigger 
economic growth amidst rising inflation. The availability 
of budgetary space to ramp up capital spending, 
advantages from supply-side reforms, and continued 
export growth will stimulate growth in FY 2022-23. 
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
Health & Wellness Industry
India’ s health and wellness industry is one of the fastest-
growing and has undergone a transformative journey 
over the past year. With the pandemic underscoring 
its importance, 2020 has been the year where health 
and wellness have been increasingly prioritised by 
people. Growing consumer awareness and an increased 
inclination amongst citizens to adopt a healthier lifestyle 
have paved the way for the industry to evolve rapidly. 
The global pandemic has resulted in a shift in consumer 
behaviour, where they are becoming more health-
conscious and striving towards regaining their health 
and fitness. 
Cutting-edge technologies have made their way into 
every aspect of people’ s lives and health and wellness 
segment is no exception. As more people gravitate 
===== PAGE 59 =====
28 | Sheela Foam Limited
towards a healthier lifestyle, activity trackers, step 
counters and heart rate monitors, etc., have become 
increasingly popular and enhanced the demand for 
wearable technologies. On the well-being side, practices 
such as mindfulness-based stress reduction, meditation, 
yoga, etc. have gained prominence in recent years.  
With the aggressive implementation of technology 
and the constantly evolving consumer behaviour, the 
wellness industry will evolve and expand further in the 
coming years.
(Source: http://bwdisrupt.businessworld.in/article/
Revolutionizing-The-Health-And-Wellness-Sector-Trends-To-
Watch-Out-For-In-2021/08-02-2021-375180/)
Indian mattress industry
The Indian mattress market comprises PU Foam, 
Rubberised Coir, and Spring Mattresses. Consumer-driven 
factors such as increasing population, rising urbanisation, 
and improvement in institutional infrastructure are the 
key growth drivers for the growth of the mattress market. 
Branded mattress players have seen an increasing market 
share due to their constant efforts and investments to 
increase consumer awareness about premium and quality 
mattresses and development of retail infrastructure and 
marketing activities.
The changing market dynamics due to the pandemic 
and increased e-commerce adoption are expected to 
further augment the growth of the mattress market. In 
the year 2020, the mattress industry witnessed a steep 
increase in sales, largely driven by consumer awareness 
and inclination towards health & hygiene, government 
investments for the betterment of health sector 
infrastructure, and rising demand for new mattresses 
from the real estate and hospitality segments. Meanwhile, 
the introduction of omnichannel strategy by various 
mattress companies is also expected to propel mattress 
sales. Overall, the hospitality, healthcare and real estate 
sectors, introduction of customised mattresses catering 
to health-conscious customers, and greater offers and 
discounts offered by mattress companies will boost the 
growth of the industry. 
Growth Enablers:
Growing demand for quality mattresses: Increasing 
awareness among people about the benefits of right 
quality mattresses for enhanced comfort and sleep is 
augmenting the demand for premium products.
Booming online market: The pandemic has made 
people wary of stepping out of their homes. This has 
led to a boom in the e-commerce industry and brands 
are developing new strategies to help consumers buy 
mattresses from the comfort of their homes.
Increasing brand consciousness: Consumer preferences 
are shifting towards innovative and branded mattresses 
owing to increasing income levels, changing lifestyles, 
and greater demand for housing and institutional sectors.
Shift to the organised market: The mattress industry 
has seen a clear shift from unorganised to the organised 
players with the implementation of GST and formalisation 
of the economy.
Shifting consumer choices: 
Quality: In India, cotton mattresses have been the most 
preferred sleeping solution for years. They are highly 
susceptible to germs and dust mite attacks. Their low 
quality and sagging issues require increased maintenance.
Comfort: A marked shift is seen in consumers’ preferences 
towards good quality mattresses that provide a high level 
of comfort and quality sleep.
Changing preferences: Today, consumers are seen 
increasingly demanding premium and high-quality 
customised products in place of traditionally used  
cotton mattresses.
Research: Modern mattresses are developed with 
thorough research and advanced technology as per 
diverse customer demands.
Technology: Advancement of technology has helped 
in keeping the mattresses, fresh, durable, lightweight, 
and breathable by using anti-bacterial treatments and 
new foaming technology. This technology is enabling 
manufacturers to produce a diverse range of modern and 
personalised products.
Organised Mattress Market 
The organised mattress market is classified into three 
categories, PU Foam accounting for major market share 
of 50%, Rubberised Coir constituting 30%, and Spring 
Mattresses constituting 20%. The share of rubberised 
coir mattress market is likely to fall owing to increasing 
prices of rubber and inherent quality and sagging issues. 
Consumers in India largely prefer PU Foam mattresses 
as they are more durable, comfortable, and relatively 
reasonable. Additionally, growth in end-user industries 
such as bedding & furniture, electronics, automotive, and 
building & construction, etc. is driving the growth of PU 
Foam market. Demand for branded Spring mattresses 
has also been on the rise due to increasing popularity 
among consumers, evolving lifestyles, and preference 
for mattresses with thickness and bounce and greater 
comfort level.
Distribution Platforms
Organised mattress players use both offline and online 
distribution channels to market and sell their products. 
The offline market comprises sales through distributors/
dealers or own franchised stores. The distributor/dealer 
network constitutes 88% of the market share, followed 
by EBOs and online platforms. 
The online mattress market is witnessing increasing 
popularity in India largely due to ease, comfort, 
competitive pricing options, faster delivery, and a range of 
===== PAGE 60 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 29
choices. Consumers today are more comfortable making 
purchases online, which has created an opportunity for 
players to transform the mattress buying experience. 
Further, favourable demographics, rising young 
workforce, and increasing reach of online platforms have 
also been driving growth of the online market. 
Indian Flexible PU Foam Industry 
Flexible foams are used in various industries such as 
construction, furniture & bedding, packaging, and 
consumer goods. They are witnessing increased 
popularity, as they significantly cut energy costs, thereby 
making residential and commercial properties energy-
efficient and comfortable. Growth in Indian flexible foam 
market is being driven by rapid infrastructure development 
and expansion of the residential and commercial sectors. 
The flexible PU Foam is manufactured as Slab Stock  
Foam and Moulded Foam. Slab stock foam accounts 
for nearly 65-70% of the market share. It is widely used 
in industries like mattresses, furniture, and footwear, 
among others. On the other hand, moulded foam 
constitutes 30-35% of the organised market and is used 
in the automotive industry.
Continuous technological advancements and penetration 
of international infrastructure players also influence 
the market positively. The furniture industry is a key 
consumer of flexible foam, as it is used as a cushioning 
material for upholstered furniture. Flexible polyurethane 
foam makes furniture more durable and comfortable. The 
rise in residential construction activities is expected to 
fuel demand for bedding and furniture, which in turn, will 
drive demand for PU foam. 
(Source: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/flexible-foam-
market-A06643)
Opportunities and Threats
Opportunities 
Growing consumerism:  Consumer spending in India 
is expected to grow into a USD 6 trillion opportunity by 
2030. Growth in consumption will be supported by a 1.3 
billion strong population that is younger than that of any 
other major economy. Rapid urbanisation, increasing 
incomes, and greater brand awareness will lead to a rise 
in consumerism, which will drive demand for quality 
mattresses and sleeping products.
Higher spending propensity: Increasing number of 
working population has been leading to higher disposable 
incomes and spending propensity towards luxury 
and premium quality products. Demand for mattress 
market has been growing because of rising incomes and 
expansion of the middle class and high-income segments. 
Increasing incidences of lifestyle diseases:  Increasing 
ailments due to long working hours and sedentary 
lifestyles are propelling demand for products that add 
to overall comfort and well-being. This has been driving 
demand for quality and differentiated sleeping solutions 
that rejuvenates the body and improves productivity. 
Adoption of technology:  Sound and healthy sleep 
have become the topmost priority for consumers. 
Towards this, branded mattress players are leveraging 
new technologies and innovating and producing sleep 
solutions that come with enhanced quality and comfort. 
Technology is also deployed to improve overall customer 
service and satisfaction at every touchpoint. 
Growth in end-user industries: Government initiatives 
like Smart Cities, Housing for All, etc. along with 
strong thrust on railways, hospitality, and construction 
segments will favour industrial development and lead to 
higher mattress consumption. 
Challenges
Transportation and warehousing:  The PU foam 
and mattresses are very voluminous in nature; 
therefore, it poses huge challenges for warehousing 
and transportation of these products. It also involves 
significant costs, making long-distance transportation 
unviable.
Lack of consumer awareness: Lack of education and 
consumer awareness about the benefits of good quality 
mattresses created dominance of traditional mattresses 
and other sleeping solutions in the market earlier.
Higher prices of raw materials: The ongoing geopolitical 
tensions, supply chain issues, temporary shutdown 
of global plants, and other factors have dramatically 
increased the prices of key raw materials for foam viz. 
Polyol and TDI. This has adversely impacted the mattress 
and PU Foam market in India.
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Established in 1971, Sheela Foam Limited is the flagship 
company of Sheela Group and a leader in India’ s 
mattress and foam products industry. The Company 
has a diversified range of offerings in mattresses, home 
comfort, and technical grades of PU foam products 
along with a significant global footprint. A dynamic 
management team; strong brand recall; state-of-the-art 
manufacturing units; widespread distribution network 
and pioneering research and development capabilities 
underpin the operations of the Company. 
The Company manufactures products of unmatched 
quality as per evolving customer preferences to  
provide them absolute comfort and convenience. A 
dedicated and highly skilled team of engineers and 
scientists form the backbone of the Company, enabling it 
to produce differentiated and world-class products with 
innovative technologies.
===== PAGE 61 =====
30 | Sheela Foam Limited
Product Portfolio:
   Mattresses: My Mattress, Spring range, Technology 
range, Comfort Cell range, Back support range, Flexi 
PUF range, Economy
   Home Comfort Products: Furniture Cushions, 
Pillows, Comforters/Duvets, Sofa-cum-Beds
   Technical Foam Products: Automotive foams, 
Reticulated foams, Ultraviolet Stable foams, Sound 
Absorption foams
Other initiatives
As on 31 st March 2022, the Company has increased its 
Exclusive Branded Outlets to more than 1,800.
It has also expanded its dealer network, taking the total 
count to 13,323. 
Online Sales
The Company has registered a significant growth of 55% 
in its online brand SleepX in FY 2021-22 compared to the 
previous year. 
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW
During FY 2021-22, net revenue from operations on 
standalone basis stood at ` 2,195 crore as compared to 
` 1,741 crore in the previous year. Profit after tax for the 
current year increased to ` 197 crore from ` 181 crore in 
FY 2020-21. Net revenue from operations from Australia 
decreased to AUD 77.56 million from AUD 81.08 million. 
The net profit after tax decreased to AUD 2.66 million from 
AUD 4.84 million in FY 2020-21. The net revenue from 
operations from Spain increased from Euro 39.75 million 
to Euro 51.18 million. The net profit decreased from Euro 
4.09 million to Euro 2.19 million. On consolidated basis, 
net revenue from operations increased to ` 3,061 crore 
from ` 2,487 crore in the previous year. Consolidated net 
profit after tax decreased to ` 219 crore from ` 240 crore 
registered in FY 2020-21.
Key Financial Ratios Standalone Operation as per SEBI 
Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements 
(Amendment) Regulations, 2018 
2021-22 2020-21
Debtors Turnover 13.50 times 11.70 times
Inventory Turnover 6.16 times 5.04 times
Interest Coverage Ratio 0.03 times 0.04 times
Current Ratio 1.56 1.67
Debt Equity Ratio - -
Operating Profit Margin (%) 9.48 12.08
Net Profit Margin (%) 9.23 10.82
Return on Net Worth
(RONW) (%)
16.22 18.08
Growth Strategy and Outlook
Catering to evolving customer demand
The Company is committed to developing personalised 
products as per varied customer needs. Its vast 
portfolio, technical know-how, and robust manufacturing 
capabilities lead to the production of quality, higher-
margin products, including more cultured grades of 
technical PU foam. 
Strengthening distribution reach and exports
The Company strives to enhance its domestic retail 
presence and continues to sell its economy products in 
the rural market. Greater infrastructure development and 
Competitive 
advantages
Well-spread 
distribution 
network
Versatile 
management
Dedicated  
sales and 
marketing  
team
Wide  
portfolio
Manufacturing Prowess
The Company has 16 manufacturing locations across 
India, Australia, and Spain, engaged in the manufacture 
of innovative products that provide the perfect blend 
of comfort and support. As a revolutionary enterprise, 
the Company has advanced capabilities of quality 
manufacturing and technological developments.
Quality and innovative brands
The Company has an impeccable track record of producing 
personalised and delightful products to resonate with 
evolving customer needs. Sleepwell, the flagship brand 
of the Company, has gained significant prominence over 
the years and created a reputation for own. Other brands 
of the Company include Feather Foam and Starlite, which 
are low-priced mattresses for consumers. These brands 
have enabled the Company to enhance its share in the 
organised mattress market.
Technological innovations in Sleepwell
1.  The Company is using variable pressure foaming 
in its selected plant which is the most advanced 
technology in the world and yields to better quality 
products with reduced costs.
2.  The Company uses variable pressure foaming 
techniques to provide quality products to the 
consumers. 
===== PAGE 62 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 31
expanding distribution channels in newer geographies 
will enable the Company to widen its reach and fulfil 
demand for low-priced products. Further, it also 
focusses on strengthening its exports business by way 
of new product and technology development, capacity 
expansions in overseas subsidiaries, etc.
Enhancing product development and branding activities
Starlite and Feather Foam, the Company’ s economy 
mattresses provide adequate growth levers to expand 
in the rural retail market. It focusses on stepping up 
investments in brand building activities to up its brand 
presence and customer recall and enhance distribution 
and retail network. Further, it aims to launch competitively 
priced products to gain higher volumes.
Increase e-commerce penetration
In line with the evolving trends, the Company has 
been leveraging e-commerce platform for the sale of 
mattresses and allied products. In addition to using its 
own website to showcase product line-up and attract 
sales, it is also listed on popular e-commerce platforms 
to market its products. It endeavours to strengthen 
its top-line and bottom-line performance with higher 
e-commerce penetration.
RISKS AND CONCERNS
Macro-economic Risk
Newer variants of the COVID-19 pandemic and 
subsequent restrictions, slowdown in economic growth 
and end-user industries viz. housing, hospitality, and 
automotive sectors may impact the growth of the 
Company’ s business. 
Mitigation
  Favourable government reforms, increasing 
investments in infrastructure development are all 
expected to reinvigorate economic growth. The 
government and major financial institutions have 
enforced a host of reform packages to prevent 
economic fallout from the COVID-19 pandemic and 
boost consumer sentiments. 
  An important factor boosting the growth of 
organised mattress market is rapid urbanisation, 
rising income levels and growing awareness for high-
quality, premium products and services.
  The Company’ s subsidiaries in Australia and Spain 
helps to penetrate into the overseas market and 
reduce over-dependence on the Indian economy.
Competition Risk
The industry faces stiff competition from increasing 
number of organised mattress market players due to 
attractive growth opportunities. Inability to produce 
high-quality, customised products to meet the evolving 
customer demands may lead to loss of market share. 
Mitigation
  The Company has established itself as a preferred 
and trusted brand by producing comfortable and 
quality mattresses and home comfort products. 
Its flagship brand Sleepwell enjoys high customer 
satisfaction and reliability.
  Enhanced investments in R&D and innovative 
technologies enable the Company to produce 
technologically advanced and premium products. 
Further, the Company’ s operations are supported  
by advanced manufacturing equipment and 
improvised shop floor operations which provide high 
operational advantage.
  The Company aims to offer high-quality mattresses 
through pioneering technology initiatives like 
Comfort Cell, Neem Fresche. Moreover, its vast 
distribution network helps the Company to augment 
sales of its products. 
  The Company also focusses on catering to certain 
niche sections with its economy mattresses. It helps 
the Company maintain its industry-leading position 
within the unorganised sector.
Inventory Risk
Huge pile-up of inventory due to unsuccessful marketing 
and selling of products may pose challenges to the 
Company’ s operations.
Mitigation
  The Company through its wide distribution network 
of over 102 exclusive distributors, 13,323 retail 
dealers, 7,899 multi-brand and 5,424 exclusive brand 
outlets ensures balanced and orderly sales.
  The Company banks on its superior brand 
prominence and consistently invests in branding 
and advertising costs to enhance its presence across 
various mediums.
  It ensures efficient product distribution with the 
help of robust IT infrastructure and inventory 
management. The system ensures real-time 
inventory management and makes product available 
on time.
Raw Material Risk
The Company’ s business is largely dependent on 
seamless and uninterrupted supply of raw materials; 
any supply disruptions may adversely impact production 
of quality products. Raw materials those are imported, 
currency and exchange rate fluctuations may also impact 
the margins and profitability. 
Mitigation
  The Company makes bulk purchases of key raw 
materials (Polyol and TDI) at competitive rates. 
===== PAGE 63 =====
32 | Sheela Foam Limited
It strikes a balance between imports and local 
procurement of raw materials.
  The Company’ s strong and well-established relations 
helps it to procure raw material at optimal prices.
  It reduces the risk of raw material shortage in 
unforeseen circumstances by having sufficient stock 
of raw materials to meet the market demand.
Counterfeiting Risk
Another important challenge is the inability of the 
Company to resolve product counterfeiting and quality 
issues, which may result in loss of customer trust and 
sales and damage to Company’ s brand name.
Mitigation
  The Company periodically checks the market to 
track and avoid sales of fraudulent and counterfeit 
products.
  Continued investments towards introduction of 
Unique Serial Number/marks/label/hologram/hot 
stamp, etc. in mattresses enables the Company to 
check genuine products.
E-commerce Risk
The pandemic has brought a fundamental shift in 
consumer trends globally and in India towards rapid 
adoption of technology, online shopping, increased 
comfort and convenience at home, etc. Inability of the 
Company to embrace digitisation and technology to keep 
up with evolving trends may impact its business and 
market share. 
Mitigation
  The Company sells its product in the name of SleepX 
on its own website as well as popular e-commerce 
platforms such as Amazon, Flipkart, etc.
  The Company focusses on harmonising offline and 
online sales to create a seamless buying experience 
for customers across all the channels. 
Internal Controls
The Company has a well-framed internal control 
framework commensurate with the size and nature of 
its business. Well-documented policies and procedures 
enable it to strictly adhere to all applicable procedures 
and statutes and ensure safeguarding of assets and 
timely reporting of financial transactions. Periodic audits 
are conducted by an independent firm of internal auditors 
to ensure the efficacy and effectiveness of the internal 
controls. The Audit Committee periodically reviews and 
takes suitable actions for any deviation, observation or 
recommendation suggested by the internal auditors. The 
Company’ s robust IT systems safeguard its sensitive data 
and ease out the audit process. Accounting Standards are 
strictly followed while recording transactions. A host of 
strategies are devised in addition to robust MIS systems, 
for real-time reporting, so as to control expenses. 
Human Resources
Human capital is pivotal to the organisational growth and 
success. The Company has an experienced and skilled 
pool of employees who ensure business continuity, 
devise strategies and processes to respond to an evolving 
business environment. The Company conducts several 
human resource initiatives to enhance the productivity of 
the employees and the organisation. It fosters a safe and 
conducive work environment and ensures equal access to 
all to career advancement opportunities. Such initiatives 
enable the Company to attract and retain the best talent 
and boost employee morale and productivity. A hybrid 
working culture was adopted during the pandemic, work 
from home was encouraged, and virtual connect was 
established to ensure employee safety. All employees 
were also covered under medical insurance to provide 
them adequate financial security. As on 31st March, 2022, 
the employee strength of the Company stood at 2,779.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
The statements in the Management Discussion 
and Analysis Report that describe your Company’ s 
projections, estimates and expectations are “forward-
looking statements” . They are within the meaning of 
applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual results 
could differ from those expressed or implied depending 
upon the economic conditions affecting demand/supply, 
price scenario in the domestic and international markets 
in which it operates, changes in government regulations, 
tax laws and other statutes. Your Company undertakes 
no responsibility to publicly amend, modify or revise 
any forward-looking statements on the basis of any 
subsequent development, information or events.
===== PAGE 64 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 33
Directors’ Report
Dear Members,
Your Directors have pleasure in presenting the 50th Annual Report on the business, operations and financial performance 
of the Company along with the Consolidated Audited Balance Sheet and Statement of Profit & Loss for the year ended 
31st March, 2022.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(` in Crores)
Particulars Consolidated Standalone
2021-22 2020-21 2021-22 2020-21
Revenue from operations 2981.81 2473.19 2124.44 1693.86
Profit before Financial Charges, Depreciation, Tax & 
Exceptional Item 394.10 414.40 304.06 284.67
Profit before Financial Charges, Depreciation & Tax 394.10 414.40 304.06 284.67
Less: Financial Charges 16.97 17.68 7.11 8.68
Cash Profit 377.13 396.71 296.95 275.99
Less: Depreciation 80.78 72.87 32.39 32.53
Profit before Tax 296.35 323.84 264.56 243.46
Add/(Less): Income Tax Earlier year’ s tax (83.48) (84.18) (70.71) (60.81)
Add/(Less): Deferred Tax 5.85 0.49 3.47 (1.50)
Profit after Tax 218.72 240.15 197.32 181.15
Other Comprehensive Income (1.85) 18.81 (1.16) 2.10
Total Comprehensive Income for the year 216.87 258.96 196.15 183.25
During the current year, Net Revenue of the Company, on 
standalone basis, increased from ` 1698 Crores to ` 2124 
Crores. The Profit after tax for the current year increased 
by more than 8.9% to ` 197 Crores as against the profit 
after tax of ` 181 Crores of last year.
On Consolidated basis the Overall Revenue increased 
from ` 2437 crores to ` 2982 Crores. The Consolidated 
profit after tax decreased from ` 240 Crores to ` 219 
Crores.
PRESENT STATUS & FUTURE OUTLOOK
During the partial lockdown throughout the year, the sale 
of Mattresses increased. The Company has increased its 
share in the domestic mattress market. The company 
continues to retain its leadership position in Mattress and 
Foam Products.
During the year the prices of critical raw materials like 
Polyol and TDI increased substantially.
Second wave of Covid 19 has come with more severity in 
year 2021-22. This has resulted in lock down in most parts 
of the Country. This has adversely impacted the sales of 
April and May 2021. Your Company is using innovative 
techniques, like Sleepwell@Home, Aggressive Online 
Marketing, focus on selling products which are good for 
health etc. Company is selling all its products treated 
with Neem Fresche which means immunity from various 
respiratory problems caused by Dust Mites, Bacteria & 
Fungi.
The Company has increased its Market share by selling 
low price mattresses. This has caused shift from 
unorganized market to organized market. The Company 
has also increased its market penetration and lot of 
Multi Brand Outlets have been converted to Exclusive 
Branded Outlets of Sleepwell. Company also maintains 
its leadership position in Foam Market both in Furniture 
cushions and B2B segment. It continues to innovate 
foams for newer applications.
The Company has focused to exports to US markets from 
India and Spain. It expects to make substantial exports 
to US markets from India as well as from its subsidiary 
in Spain.
DIVIDEND
Board of Directors do not recommend any dividend for 
the year 2021-22. The entire profit is being ploughed back 
in the business.
SUBSIDIARIES
As on 31 March, 2022 the Company has six subsidiaries 
and five steps down subsidiaries. As required under the 
provisions of Section 129 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
===== PAGE 65 =====
34 | Sheela Foam Limited
read with Companies (Accounts) Rule, 2013, a statement 
containing salient features of the financial statements of 
subsidiaries is provided in the prescribed format AOC-1 as 
Annexure-A of the Board Report.
Overseas Subsidiaries:-
The Company has one 100% subsidiary, Joyce Foam Pty. 
Ltd (Joyce Foam) Australia. Joyce Foam is the largest 
producer of Foam in Australia and supplies its high-quality 
Foam to Global Mattresses and Furnishing Companies. 
Joyce Foam recorded a turnover of ` 430 Crore in FY 2021-22,  
as compared with ` 413 Crore in FY 2020-21, and has 
posted post tax profit of ` 15 Crore in FY 2021-22, as 
against ` 27 Crore in FY 2020-21.
Joyce Foam Pty Ltd has one wholly own subsidiary Joyce 
W C NSW Pty Ltd.
In addition, the Company has one more wholly owned 
overseas subsidiary, International Foam Technologies 
Spain, S.L.U. and a step down subsidiary, Interplasp 
S.L.U. Spain. International Foam Technologies Spain, 
S.L.U. recorded a turnover of ` 430 crore in FY 2021-22, as 
compared with ` 336 crore in FY 2020-21, and has posted 
post tax profit of ` 18 Crore in FY 2021-22, as against `35 
Crore in FY 2020-21.
Indian Subsidiaries:-
Staqo World Private Limited (Staqo) is a wholly owned 
subsidiary. This company is into the business of 
Information Technology with initial footprints in this 
space in domestic and overseas market. During this year, 
the company has achieved a turnover of ` 18 crores with 
profit after tax of ` 2 Crores as against a turnover of ` 13 
crores with a profit after tax of ` 3 crores in FY 2020-21.
Your Company has three other wholly owned subsidiaries 
as under:
1) Divya Software Solutions Private Limited
2) Sleepwell Enterprises Private Limited
3) Internationl Comfort Technologies Pvt Ltd
MATERIAL SUBSIDIARIES
In accordance with Regulation 16 of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015 (Listing 
Regulations), none of the subsidiaries is a material 
non-listed subsidiary. The Company has formulated a 
policy for determining material subsidiaries. The policy 
has been uploaded on the website of the Company at  
http://www.sheelafoam.com.
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
In accordance with Section 136 of the Companies Act, 
2013 and the applicable Accounting Standard on the 
Consolidated Financial Statements, your Directors have 
attached the consolidated financial statements of the 
Company which form a part of the Annual Report.
The financial statements including consolidated 
financial statements and the audited accounts of each 
of the subsidiary are available on the Company’ s website  
www.sheelafoam.com
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
In terms of Section 134 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013, 
the directors would like to state that:
a) In the preparation of the annual accounts, the 
applicable accounting standards have been followed.
b) The directors have selected such accounting policies 
and applied them consistently and made judgements 
and estimates that were reasonable and prudent so 
as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs 
of the Company at the end of the financial year and 
of the profit or loss of the Company for the year  
under review.
c) The directors have taken proper and sufficient 
care for the maintenance of adequate accounting 
records in accordance with the provisions of this 
Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company 
and for preventing and detecting fraud and other 
irregularities.
d) The directors have prepared the annual accounts on 
a going concern basis.
e) The directors have laid down internal financial 
controls to be followed by the Company and that 
such internal financial controls are adequate and are 
operating effectively; and
f) The directors had devised proper system to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws 
and that such systems were adequate and operating 
effectively.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
In accordance with SEBI Regulations, a separate report on 
Corporate Governance is given in Annexure-B along with 
the Auditors’ Certificate on its compliance. The Auditors’ 
Certificate does not contain any qualification, reservation 
and adverse remark.
RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS
The particulars of Contracts or arrangements with 
related parties, in the prescribed form, are attached as 
Annexure-C
RISK MANAGEMENT
The Company has formulated a Risk Management Policy 
duly reviewed by the Board of Directors. The policy 
includes risk identification, analysis and prioritization 
===== PAGE 66 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 35
of risk and development of risk mitigation plans. The 
Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee 
to look into the risk involved with the Company and its 
mitigation.
INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The Company has in place adequate Internal Financial 
controls with reference to financial statements. During the 
year, such controls were tested and no reportable material 
weakness in the design or operations were observed. The 
report on the Internal Financial Control issued by M/s. 
MSKA & Associates., Chartered Accountants, Statutory 
Auditors of the Company in view of the provisions under 
the Companies Act, 2013 is given in their audit report.
DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL 
(KMP)
As per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, Mr. 
Tushaar Gautam will retire by rotation at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company and 
being eligible, seeks re-appointment. The Board has 
recommended his reappointment.
Board also recommends the reappointment of Mr. Rahul 
Gautam as a Managing Director whose term ends on 31 st 
March 2022 for a period of five (5) years from 1st April 2022 to 
31st March 2027, re-appointment of Mrs. Namita Gautam as 
a Whole-time Director whose term ends on 31st March 2022 
for a period of five (5) years from 1st April 2022 to 31st March 
2027, re-appointment of Mr. Rakesh Chahar as a Whole-
time Director whose term ends on 31 st March 2022 for a 
period of Five years from 1st April 2022 to 31st March 2027 
and re-appointment of Mr. Tushaar Gautam as a Whole-time 
Director whose term ends on 31st March 2022 for a period of 
Five years from 1st April 2022 to 31st March 2027.
Mr Nikhil Datye was appointed w.e.f 1 st June 2021 as 
group CFO and Mr Dhruv Mathur had superannuated 
during the year.
Board further recommends the increase in second term of 
Mr. Som Mittal, Independent Director from four (4) years 
to five (5) years, Mr. Anil Tandon, Independent Director 
from three (3) years to five (5) years, Lt. Gen. (Dr.) V.K. 
Ahluwalia, Independent Director from three (3) years 
to five (5) years and Ms. Meena Jagtiani, Independent 
Director from three (3) years to five (5) years.
AUDITORS
M/s MSKA & Associates, Chartered Accountants, 
appointed as the Statutory Auditor of the Company for 
the five consecutive financial years from 2021-22 to 2025-
26 and they will hold office until the conclusion of the 54th 
Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in the 
year 2026.
AUDITORS’ REPORT
There is no adverse observation of Auditors’ on financial 
statements of the company. The Auditors’ Report, read 
with the relevant notes to accounts are self-explanatory 
and therefore does not require further explanation.
CONSOLIDATED FEES PAID TO STATUTORY 
AUDITORS
Detail of total fees for all services paid by the listed 
entity and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to 
the statutory auditor and all entities in the network 
firm/ network entity of which the statutory auditor is a 
part, as mentioned in Note 38 of Consolidated Financial 
Statement published through annual reports for the 
Financial Year 2021-22, are as below:-
Consolidated  
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Y ear ended  
31 March, 2022
Y ear ended  
31 March, 2021
Audit Fees 41 29.04
Certification Work 2 3.54
Reimbursement of 
expenses 1 0.74
Total 44 32.32
COST AUDITOR
As per section 148 read with Companies (Audit and 
Auditors) Rule, 2014 M/s Mahesh Singh & Co, Cost 
Accountants were appointed, to conduct the cost records 
of the Company for the Financial Year 2021-22, by the 
Board of Directors.
Cost Auditor will provide its report to the Board of 
directors.
INTERNAL AUDITOR
The company has engaged M/s S. S. Kothari Mehta 
& Co., Chartered Accountants as Internal Auditor to 
conduct internal audit for the year 2021-22. The Internal 
Auditor report to Board of Directors. The internal audit 
will help company to review the operational efficiency 
and assessing the internal controls. It also reviews the 
safeguarding of assets of the Company.
SECRETARIAL AUDITOR
The company has engaged M/s AVA Associates, Company 
Secretaries as Secretarial Auditor to conduct Secretarial 
audit for the year 2021-22. The report on secretarial audit 
is annexed as Annexure-D to the Board’ s Report. The 
report does not contain any qualification, reservation or 
adverse remark.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY(CSR)
In terms of Companies Act, 2013, your company has to 
undertake Corporate Social Responsibility programme. 
The disclosure as per Rule 9 of the Companies (Corporate 
Social Responsibility Policy) Rule, 2014 is attached as 
Annexure-E.
===== PAGE 67 =====
36 | Sheela Foam Limited
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The composition of Audit Committee is provided in the 
Corporate Governance Report that forms part of this 
Annual Report.
VIGIL MECHANISM
The Company has established a vigil mechanism through 
a Whistle Blower Policy. The Company can oversee the 
genuine concerns expressed by the employees and other 
Directors. The Company has also provided adequate 
safeguards against victimization of employees and 
Directors who may express their concerns pursuant to 
this policy. The policy is uploaded on the website of the 
Company at http://www.sheelafoam.com.
DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SEXUAL HARASSMENT 
OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, 
PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT 2013
The Company has in place an Anti-Sexual Harassment 
policy in line with the requirements of sexual harassment 
of women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act 2013. The Internal system has been set 
up to redress complaints received regarding sexual 
harassment.
MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
During the year, 6 meetings of the Board of Directors 
were held.
PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR 
INVESTMENTS
Details of Loans, Guarantees and Investments covered 
under the provisions of Section 186 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 form part of the Financial Statements.
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY , TECHNOLOGY 
ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE 
EARNING AND OUTGO
A. Following measures were taken by company for 
energy conservation in the year 21-22:
1) Installed 376 KWp solar power plant at Greater 
Noida unit to reduce the electricity consumption 
from power distribution company, It helps to 
generate app. 60% of our total demand through 
solar power.
2) Replaced 10 nos. of electric hoist with hydraulic 
power pack at foaming crane , it results into 
increasing the efficiency of the machine and 
saving of electricity.
3) Increased use of Screw compressors for 
compressed air with variable frequency drives 
instead of starter to increase the efficiency and 
saving of electricity.
4) Conducted third party energy audits to identify 
the potential opportunities for energy saving 
and further optimization in energy consumption. 
This is an ongoing process that the Company 
will continue across all manufacturing locations.
5) Replaced conventional MH and street lights 
with 100% energy efficient LED lights across all 
the units with LDR,Lux, Time switch and motion 
sensor based control system.
6) Optimization of running time of AC on the basis 
of ambient temperature condition inside the 
UPS room.
7) Replaced old Air conditioner with energy 
efficient new generation Air conditioner with 
non-CFC gases, lead to reduction in power 
consumption as well as nothing to harm Ozone 
layer.
8) Increasing the use of Variable Frequency drives 
instead of starters for the electric motors to 
reduce the electricity consumption and to 
increase the efficiency.
B. The expenses incurred on Research and Development 
have been included in respective expense heads.
C. The Company has introduced new process to 
reduce the consumption of energy and upgraded 
technology whenever required.
D. The earnings from exports were `54.99 
Crore(Previous Year ` 21.33 crores) and payments in 
foreign exchange were `183.81 Crore (Previous Year 
141.81crores).
LISTING AGREEMENTS
Your Company has entered into agreements with 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (BSE) and National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE), in compliance 
with Regulation 109 of the SEBI LODR Regulations 2015.
PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES
The information as required under Section 197 of 
the Companies Act 2013 read with Rule 5(1) and 5(2) 
of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is provided in 
Annexure-F and Annexure-G to the Board’ s Report.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
In terms of provisions of Regulation 34 of the Listing 
Regulations, the Management’ s discussion and analysis 
is set out in this Annual Report.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS
The Company has not accepted any deposits within the 
meaning of Section 73 of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014.
===== PAGE 68 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 37
SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS
There are no significant and material orders passed by 
regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going 
concern status and Company’ s operations in future.
BOARD EVALUATION MECHANISM
Pursuant to the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and 
the Listing Regulations, the Board has carried out annual 
performance evaluation of its own performance, those of 
directors individually and of various committees.
The performance of individual directors was evaluated 
on parameters, such as, number of meetings attended, 
contribution in the growth and formulating the strategy of 
the Company, independence of judgement, safeguarding 
the interest of the Company and minority shareholders, 
time devoted apart from attending the meetings of the 
Company, active participation in long term strategic 
planning, ability to contribute by introducing best 
practices to address business challenges and risk etc. The 
directors expressed their satisfaction with the evaluation 
process.
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Business Responsibility Report/Sustainability Report is 
annexed as Annexure-H.
DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY
The company has adopted Dividend Distribution 
Policy and there is no change in policy during the 
year. As per SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements)  Regulations, 2015 the policy is hosted 
at our web site at www.sheelafoam.com and is also 
attached as Annexure-I.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
Your Directors wish to express and place on record 
their thanks to the Company’ s Distributors, Dealers 
and Business Associates for their excellent effort and 
the customers for their continued patronage of the 
Company’ s products. Your Directors also wish to place 
on record their appreciation for the devoted services of 
the Executive, Staff, and workers of the Company at all 
levels enabling the Company to achieve the excellent 
performance during the year.
Your Directors also appreciate the valuable co-operation 
and continued support received from Company’ s bankers 
and all the government agencies and departments.
The Directors also express their sincere thanks to all the 
Shareholders for the continued support and trust they 
have reposed in the Management.
  By Order and on behalf of the
 Board of Sheela Foam Limited
Place: Noida    (Rahul Gautam)
Date : May 12, 2022 Chairman and Managing Director
===== PAGE 69 =====
38 | Sheela Foam Limited
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of Subsidiaries/Associate Companies/ Joint ventures
 (` in Lakhs)
Name of the subsidiary Joyce 
Foam Pty 
Ltd
Divya 
Software 
Solutions 
Pvt Ltd
Sleepwell 
Enterprises 
Pvt Ltd
Staqo 
World 
Private 
Limited
International
Foam 
Technologies
Spain S.L.
International 
Comfort 
Technologies 
Private 
Limited
Place of incorporation Australia India India India Spain India
Date of incorporation / acquisition 03-10-
2005
19-04-
2010
07-10-1994  26-03-
2020
12-06-2019 01/10/2021
Reporting period for the subsidiary 
concerned, if different from the 
holding company’ s reporting period
N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
Reporting currency and Exchange 
rate as on the last date of the 
relevant Financial year in the case 
of foreign subsidiaries
AUD
AUD= INR 
55.06
N.A. N.A. N.A. EURO
EURO= INR
82.13
N.A.
Share capital 3625.70 9.46 1.05 1.00 9858.06 3000
Reserves & surplus 11968.14 5805.36 250.49 498.98 5864.03 -721.21
Total assets 39668.73 5821.95 259.68 705.81 46666.35 13702.87
Total Liabilities 24074.89 7.12 8.14 205.90 30129.94 11424.07
Investments - - 105.19 409.40 25.00 -
Turnover 42952.18 26.24 10.00 1750.63 43002.64 762.96
Profit/(Loss) before taxation 1962.82 (363.95) 19.68 216.19 2233.30 -873.68
Provision for taxation 546.55 (2.57) 5.08 64.91 578.37 -149.92
Profit after taxation 1416.27 (366.52) 14.60 151.88 1654.93 -723.76
Proposed Dividend NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
% of shareholding 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Note-
1.  Joyce Foam Pty Ltd, Divya Software Solutions Private Limited, Sleepwell Enterprises Private Limited, Staqo World Private 
Limited and International Foam Technologies Spain S.L. and International comfort technologies private limited are wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Company.
2.  Joyce W C NSW Pty Ltd (Australia), Interplasp SlU ( Spain), Staqo World KFT (Hungry), Staqo Inc USA & Staqo Technologies LLC 
(UAE) are step down subsidiaries.
Annexure-A
===== PAGE 70 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 39
Annexure-B
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Our Corporate Governance is a true reflection of our 
value systems enshrined in our Vision Statement. Our 
Vision statement places highest reliance on the values 
of Integrity, Reliability, Proactivity and Transparency. We 
firmly believe that Corporate Governance, based on these 
value systems, is vital to not only enhance stakeholders’ 
trust, but also for the success of the organisation. Your 
company remains committed to follow best governance 
practices in true spirit.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS (“BOARD”)
The Company is managed and guided by the Board of 
Directors. The Board formulates the strategy and regularly 
reviews the performance of the Company. The Board has 
been entrusted with the requisite powers, authorities 
and duties to enable it to discharge its responsibilities 
and provide effective leadership to the Business. The 
Company has an optimum combination of Executive, 
Non-Executive and Independent Directors who are 
eminent persons with professional expertise and valuable 
experience in their respective areas of specialisation and 
bring a wide range of skills and experience to the Board.
The Chairman and Managing Director of the Company 
provides vision and leadership for achieving the approved 
strategic plan and business objectives. He presides over 
the Board and the Shareholders’ meetings. The Managing 
Director with the support of the Whole-time Directors 
and Senior Executives oversees the operations of  
the Company.
As on the date of this report the Board comprises of 
10 (Ten) Directors, which include 6 (Six) Non-Executive 
Independent Directors and 4 (Four) Executive Directors. 
There are 2 (Two) Women Directors one of whom is 
Independent Director.
During the financial year None of the Independent 
Directors of the Company served as an Independent 
Director in more than seven listed Companies. The 
composition of the Board is in line with Regulation 17 of 
Listing Regulations. None of the Directors on the Board is 
a Member on more than 10 Committees, and Chairperson 
of more than 5 Committees across all listed companies 
in which he/she is a Director. Necessary disclosures 
regarding Committee positions have been made by  
the Directors.
MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
The Board of Directors met Six times during the financial 
year ended on March 31, 2022. Board Meetings were held 
on 24 April, 2021, 29 May, 2021, 14 August 2021, 15th Sept 
2021, 29th Oct 2021 and 02 February, 2022
The maximum gap between any two Board Meetings was 
less than one hundred twenty days.
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
All independent Directors have confirmed that they 
meet the criteria as stipulated under Regulation 16(1)
(b) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (Listing Regulations) read with Section 149(6) of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
The maximum tenure of Independent directors is in 
compliance with the Companies Act, 2013 and the terms 
and conditions of their appointment have been disclosed 
on the website of the Company (web link http://www.
sheelafoam.com).
Regulation 25(3) of Listing Regulations read with 
Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules 
under it mandate that the Independent Directors of the 
Company hold at least one meeting in a year without the 
attendance of Non-Independent Directors and members 
of the management. During the year, separate meeting 
of the Independent Directors was held on 1 st Feb, 2022 
without the attendance of non-independent directors 
and members of the management. All the Independent 
Directors attended the said meeting. The independent 
directors, inter-alia, reviewed the performance of non-
independent directors, Chairman of the Company and 
the Board as a whole.
FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME FOR 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
The Board/Committee members are provided with 
the necessary documents/brochures, reports and 
internal policies, codes of conduct to enable them to 
familiarise with the Company’ s procedure and practices. 
Directors are regularly updated on performance of the 
business of the Company, business strategy going 
forward and new initiative being taken/proposed to be 
taken by the Company through presentation by head 
of the Departments. Factory/office visits are organised 
from time to time for the Directors. The policy of 
the familiarisation programme of the Independent 
Directors are available on the Company’ s website at  
http://www.sheelafoam.com.
COMPOSITION OF BOARD
The composition of the Board of Directors at the end 
of Financial Year i.e 31 March, 2022, their attendance 
at the Meetings during the year and at the last Annual 
General Meeting as also the detail with regard to outside 
Directorships and committee positions are as under:–
===== PAGE 71 =====
40 | Sheela Foam Limited
Name of the 
Director and DIN
Category Number 
of 
meeting 
attended
Attendance 
in Last AGM 
held on 20th 
August, 
2021
No.of other
Directorship
in listed
company
including
this company
No. of Committee positions
held including other 
Companies##
Chairman Member
Rahul Gautam#
00192999
Promoter & 
Executive Director 6 Yes 1 0 0
Namita Gautam#
00190463 Executive Director 6 Yes 1 0 1
Rakesh Chahar
00180587 Executive Director 6 Yes 1 0 1
Tushaar Gautam#
01646487 Executive Director 6 Yes 1 0 1
Vijay Kumar Chopra
02103940
Independent 
Director 6 Yes 3 2 5
Som Mittal
00074842
Independent 
Director 6 Yes 2 1 3
Ravindra Dhariwal
00003922
Independent 
Director 6 Yes 3 0 7
Anil Tandon
00089404
Independent 
Director 6 Yes 1 0 1
Vijay Kumar 
Ahluwalia
08078092
Independent 
Director 6 Yes 1 0 1
Meena Jagtiani
08396893
Independent 
Director 6 Yes 1 1 1
Mr. Rahul Gautam, Managing Director is husband of Ms. Namita Gautam and father of Mr. Tushaar Gautam and are thus related.
## The committees considered for the purpose are those prescribed under Regulation 26 of Listing Regulations i.e. Audit Committee 
and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of Indian public limited companies whether listed or not.
BOARD FUNCTIONING AND PROCEDURE
• Board Meeting Frequency and circulation of 
Agenda papers: The Board and its Committees 
meet at regular intervals for discussion on agenda 
circulated well in advance by the Company. All 
material information is incorporated in the agenda 
for facilitating meaningful and focused discussion 
at the meeting. Where it is not practical to attach, 
or send the relevant information as a part of agenda 
papers, the same are tabled at the Meeting. To 
meet the business exigencies or urgent matters 
the resolutions are passed by the Directors by 
Circulation.
 The Company has proper systems to enable the 
Board to periodically review compliance reports of 
all laws applicable to the Company, as prepared by 
the Company as well as steps taken by the Company 
to rectify instances of non-compliances. The Board 
reviewed compliance reports prepared by the 
Company periodically.
• Presentations by the Management: The Senior 
Management of the Company is invited at the Board 
meetings to provide presentation/clarifications as 
and when necessary.
• Access to Employees: The Directors bring an 
independent perspective on the issues deliberated 
by the Board. They have access to any information 
of the Company as they may need to discharge their 
duties and to any employee of the Company.
 Availability of Information to Board members 
include:
1. Annual operating plans and budgets and any 
updates thereof;
2. Capital budgets and any updates thereof;
3. Quarterly results of the Company and its 
operating divisions and business segments;
4. Minutes of Meetings of the Audit Committee 
and other Committees of the Board;
5. Recruitment and remuneration of senior officers 
just below board level, including appointment 
and removal of Chief Financial Officer and the 
Company Secretary;
6. Materially important show cause, demand, 
prosecution and penalty notices report;
===== PAGE 72 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 41
7.  Fatal or serious accidents, dangerous 
occurrences, any material effluent or pollution 
problems;
8.  Any material default in financial obligations 
to and by the Company, or substantial non-
payment for goods sold by the Company;
9.  Any issue which involves possible public or 
product liability claims of substantial nature, 
including any judgement or order which, may 
have passed strictures on the conduct of the 
Company or taken an adverse view regarding 
another enterprise that can have negative 
implications on the Company;
10. Details of any joint venture or collaboration 
agreement;
11.  Transactions that involve substantial payment 
towards goodwill, brand equity or intellectual 
property;
12.  Significant labour problems and their proposed 
solutions. Any significant development in 
Human Resources/ Industrial Relations front like 
signing of wage agreement, implementation of 
Voluntary Retirement Scheme, etc.;
13. Sale of material nature, of investments, 
subsidiaries and assets which is not in the 
normal course of business;
14.  Quarterly details of foreign exchange exposures 
and the steps taken by management to limit the 
risks of adverse exchange rate movement, if 
material; and
15. Non-compliance of any regulatory, statutory 
nature or listing requirements and shareholders 
service such as non-payment of dividend, delay 
in share transfer, etc.
Appointment/Re-appointment of Directors:
During the year under review, Independent Directors, 
Mrs. Meena Jagtiani reappointed for a period of 3 (three) 
year w.e.f. 8th April 2022.
The information/details pertaining to Directors seeking 
appointment/re-appointment in the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting (AGM), is provided in the Notice for the 
AGM.
The Notice contains the relevant information, like brief 
resume of the Directors and terms.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Committee comprises of four Directors which 
include three Non-Executive Independent Directors and 
one Executive Director of the Company. The Chairman 
of the Committee is Mr Som Mittal a Non Executive 
Independent Director.
The constitution and terms of reference of the Audit 
Committee meet the requirements of Regulation 18 of 
the Listing Regulations read with the relevant provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013. The Company Secretary is 
the Secretary to the Audit Committee.
MEETINGS AND ATTENDANCE
The Audit Committee met 4 (four) times during financial 
year 2021-22 ended on 31 March, 2022 on 29 May, 2021, 
14 August 2021, 29th Oct 2021 and 02 Feb, 2022.
The maximum gap between any two meetings was less 
than four months. The attendance of each Committee 
Member is as under:-
Name of the Director and 
DIN
No. of meetings
Held Attended
Mr. Som Mittal (Chairman) 4 4
Mr. Ravindra Dhariwal 4 4
Mr. V. K. Chopra 4 4
Mr. Tushaar Gautam 4 4
Mr. Som Mittal, Chairman of the Audit Committee 
attended the 49th Annual General Meeting.
The terms of reference of the Committee are as under:
(i) The Audit Committee shall have powers, which 
should include the following:
(a) To investigate any activity within its terms of 
reference;
(b) To seek information from any employee of the 
Company;
(c) To obtain outside legal or other professional 
advice; and
(d) To secure attendance of outsiders with relevant 
expertise, if it considers necessary.
(ii) The role of the Audit Committee shall include the 
following:
(a) Oversight of the Company’ s financial reporting 
process, examination of the financial statement 
and the auditors’ report thereon and the 
disclosure of its financial information to ensure 
that the financial statement is correct, sufficient 
and credible;
(b) Recommendation for appointment, re-
appointment and replacement, remuneration 
and terms of appointment of auditors of the 
Company and the fixation of audit fee;
===== PAGE 73 =====
42 | Sheela Foam Limited
(c) Approval of payment to statutory auditors for 
any other services rendered by the statutory 
auditors of the Company;
(d) Reviewing, with the management, the annual 
financial statements and auditor’ s report 
thereon before submission to the Board for 
approval, with particular reference to:
 (i) Matters required to be included in the 
Director’ s Responsibility Statement to be 
included in the Board’ s report in terms of 
clause (c) of sub-Section 3 of Section 134 
of the Companies Act, 2013;
 (ii) Changes, if any, in accounting policies and 
practices and reasons for the same;
 (iii) Major accounting entries involving 
estimates based on the exercise of 
judgement by the management of the 
Company;
 (iv) Significant adjustments made in the 
financial statements arising out of audit 
findings;
 (v) Compliance with listing and other 
legal requirements relating to financial 
statements
 (vi) Disclosure of any related party 
transactions; and
 (vii) Qualifications / modified opinion(s) in the 
draft audit report.
(e) Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly, 
half-yearly and annual financial statements 
before submission to the board for approval;
(f) Reviewing, with the management, the 
statement of uses / application of funds raised 
through an issue (public issue, rights issue, 
preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds 
utilized for purposes other than those stated in 
the offer document / prospectus / notice and 
the report submitted by the monitoring agency 
monitoring the utilisation of proceeds of a 
public or rights issue, and making appropriate 
recommendations to the Board to take up steps 
in this matter;
(g) Review and monitor the auditor’ s independence 
and performance, and effectiveness of audit 
process;
(h) Formulating a policy on related party 
transactions, which shall include materiality of 
related party transactions;
(i) Approval or any subsequent modification of 
transactions of the Company with related 
parties and omnibus approval for related party 
transactions proposed to be entered into by the 
Company subject to such conditions as may be 
prescribed;
(j) Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and 
investments;
(k) Valuation of undertakings or assets of the 
company, wherever it is necessary;
(l) Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk 
management systems;
(m) Reviewing, with the management, performance 
of statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of 
the internal control systems;
(n) Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit 
function, if any, including the structure of 
the internal audit department, staffing and 
seniority of the official heading the department, 
reporting structure coverage and frequency of 
internal audit;
(o) Discussion with internal auditors of any 
significant findings and follow up there on;
(p) Reviewing the findings of any internal 
investigations by the internal auditors into 
matters where there is suspected fraud or 
irregularity or a failure of internal control 
systems of a material nature and reporting the 
matter to the Board;
(q) Discussion with statutory auditors before the 
audit commences, about the nature and scope 
of audit as well as post-audit discussion to 
ascertain any area of concern;
(r) To look into the reasons for substantial defaults 
in the payment to the depositors, debenture 
holders, shareholders (in case of non-payment 
of declared dividends) and creditors;
(s) Recommending to the board of directors the 
appointment and removal of the external 
auditor, fixation of audit fees and approval for 
payment for any other services;
(t) To review the functioning of the whistle blower 
mechanism;
(u) Approval of the appointment of the Chief 
Financial Officer of the Company (i.e., the 
whole-time Finance Director or any other 
person heading the finance function or 
discharging that function) after assessing the 
qualifications, experience and background, etc. 
of the candidate;
===== PAGE 74 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 43
(v) Overseeing the vigil mechanism including to 
whom directors and employee shall report in 
case of any concern; and
(w) Carrying out any other function as is mentioned 
in the terms of reference of the Audit 
Committee.
(iii) The Audit Committee shall mandatorily review the 
following information:
(a) Management discussion and analysis of 
financial condition and results of operations;
(b) Statement of significant related party 
transactions (as defined by the Audit 
Committee), submitted by the management of 
the Company;
(c) Management letters / letters of internal control 
weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors of 
the Company;
(d) Internal audit reports relating to internal control 
weaknesses;
(e) The appointment, removal and terms of 
remuneration of the chief internal auditor shall 
be subject to review by the Audit Committee;
(f) Statement of deviations:
 (i) quarterly statement of deviation(s) 
including report of monitoring agency, if 
applicable, submitted to stock exchange(s) 
in terms of Regulation 32(1) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations; and
 (ii) annual statement of funds utilized for 
purposes other than those stated in the 
offer document/prospectus/notice in 
terms of Regulation 32(7) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations;
(g) review the financial statements, in particular, the 
investments made by any unlisted subsidiary.
Nomination and remuneration Committee
The Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee is Mr. Ravindra Dhariwal a Non-Executive 
Independent Director. The Committee comprises of the 
following Directors:
1. Mr. Ravindra Dhariwal- Chairman, Independent 
Director
2. Mr. Som Mittal-Independent Director
3. Mrs. Meena Jagtiani- Independent Director
The constitution and term of reference of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee (NRC) meet the 
requirements of Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations 
read with the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013.
Meetings and Attendance
Nomination and remuneration Committee met 4 (four) 
times during financial year 2021-22 ended on 31 March, 
2022 on 24 April, 2021, 28 May, 2021, 30 August 2021 and 
29 Oct 2021.
Name of the Members No. of meetings
Held Attended
Mr. Ravindra Dhariwal 
(Chairman) 4 4
Mrs. Meena Jagtiani 2 2
Mr Som Mittal 4 4
Mr.V K Chopra 2 2
The terms of reference of the Committee are as under:
(a) Formulation of the criteria for determining 
qualifications, positive attributes and independence 
of a director and recommend to the Board a policy, 
relating to the remuneration of the directors, key 
managerial personnel and other employees;
(b) Formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance 
of Independent Directors and the Board;
(c) Devising a policy on Board diversity;
(d) Identifying persons who are qualified to become 
directors of the Company and who may be 
appointed in senior management in accordance with 
the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board 
their appointment and removal. The company shall 
disclose the remuneration policy and the evaluation 
criteria in its Annual Report of the Company;
(e) Analysing, monitoring and reviewing various human 
resource and compensation matters;
(f) Determining the company’ s policy on specific 
remuneration packages for executive directors 
including pension rights and any compensation 
payment, and determining remuneration packages 
of such directors;
(g) Determining compensation levels payable to the 
senior management personnel and other staff (as 
deemed necessary), usually consisting of a fixed and 
variable component;
(h) Reviewing and approving compensation strategy 
from time to time in the context of the then current 
Indian market in accordance with applicable laws;
===== PAGE 75 =====
44 | Sheela Foam Limited
(i) Determining whether to extend or continue the term 
of appointment of the independent director, on the 
basis of the report of performance evaluation of 
independent directors;
(j) Administering the “Sheela Foam Employee Stock 
Option Scheme 2016” (the “Plan”);
(k) Determining the eligibility of employees to 
participate under the Plan;
(l) Granting options to eligible employees and 
determining the date of grant;
(m) Determining the number of options to be granted to 
an employee;
(n) Determining the exercise price under the Plan;
(o) Construing and interpreting the Plan and any 
agreements defining the rights and obligations of the 
Company and eligible employees under the Plan, and 
prescribing, amending and/or rescinding rules and 
regulations relating to the administration of the Plan;
(p) Framing suitable policies, procedures and systems 
to ensure that there is no violation of securities laws, 
as amended from time to time, including:
a. the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
1992; and
b. the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade 
Practices Relating to the Securities Market) 
Regulations, 2003, by the trust, the Company 
and its employees, as applicable. ”
(q) Performing such other activities as may be delegated 
by the Board of Directors and/or are statutorily 
prescribed under any law to be attended to by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
The Chairman of the Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee is Mrs Meena Jagtianil, a Non-Executive 
Independent Director. The Committee comprises of the 
following Directors:
1. Mrs Meena Jagtiani-Independent Director (Chairman)
2. Mr. Anil Tandon-Independent Director
3. Mr. Vijay Kumar Ahluwalia- Executive Director
The constitution and term of reference of the Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee (SRC) meet the requirements of 
Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations read with the 
relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
Meetings and Attendance
Stakeholder Relationship Committee met 1 (one) time 
during financial year 2021-22 ended on 31 March, 2022 on 
28 Oct 2021.
Name of the Members No. of meetings
Held Attended
Mrs Meena Jagtiani 
(Chairperson) 1 1
Mr. Anil Tandon 1 1
Mr. Vijay Kumar Ahluwalia 1 1
The terms of reference of the Committee are as under:
(a) Redressal of all security holders’ and investors’ 
grievances such as complaints related to transfer 
of shares, including non receipt of share certificates 
and review of cases for refusal of transfer/
transmission of shares and debentures, non-receipt 
of balance sheet, non-receipt of declared dividends, 
non-receipt of annual reports, etc. and assisting with 
quarterly reporting of such complaints;
(b) Investigating complaints relating to allotment of 
shares, approval of transfer or transmission of 
shares, debentures or any other securities;
(c) Giving effect to all transfer/transmission of shares 
and debentures, dematerialization of shares and re-
materialization of shares, split and issue of duplicate/
consolidated share certificates, compliance with all 
the requirements related to shares, debentures and 
other securities from time to time; and
(d) Overseeing the performance of the registrars and 
transfer agents of our Company and to recommend 
measures for overall improvement in the quality of 
investor services.
Details of Investor complaints
During the Financial Year ended on 31 March, 2022, the 
Company not received complaint from investors relating 
to non-allotment/transfer of Shares. Details of investor 
complaints received and resolved during the Financial 
Year are as follows:
Opening Balance Received Resolved Pending
Nil Nil Nil Nil
===== PAGE 76 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 45
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
The Chairperson of the Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee is Mr. Anil Tandon a Non-Executive 
Independent Director. The Committee comprises 
following Executive and Non-Executive Independent 
Directors:-
1. Mr. Anil Tandon-Independent Director (Chairperson)
2. Mr. Vijay Kumar Ahluwalia-Independent Director
3. Ms. Namita Gautam- Executive Director
4. Mrs. Meena Jagtiani- Independent Director
Meetings and Attendance
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee met 2 (two) 
time during financial year 2021-22 ended on 31 March, 
2022 on 29 May 2021 and 14 Dec 2021.
Name of the Members No. of meetings
Held Attended
Mr. Anil Tandon (Chairman) 2 2
Mr. Vijay Kumar Ahluwalia 1 1
Mr. Meena Jagtiani 1 1
Ms. Namita Gautam 2 2
The terms of reference of the Committee are as under:
(a) To formulate and recommend to the board, a 
Corporate Social Responsibility Policy which 
shall indicate the activities to be undertaken by 
the company as specified in Schedule VII of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and make any revisions therein 
as and when decided by the Board;
(b) To recommend the amount of expenditure to be 
incurred on the activities referred to in Policy of 
company on CSR, Schedule VII of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and rules made there under and any 
amendment thereof ;
(c) To monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility 
Policy of the company from time to time; and
(d) To do such other acts, deeds and things as may be 
directed by the board and required to comply with 
the applicable laws. ”
Risk Management Committee
The Chairperson of the Risk Management Committee is 
Lt. Gen (Dr.) V. K. Ahluwalia (Chairman) a Non-Executive 
Independent Director. The Committee comprises 
following Executive and Non-Executive Independent 
Directors:-
1. Lt Gen (Dr.) V. K. Ahluwalia- Independent Director
2. Mr Som Mittal- Independent Director
3. Mr. Rakesh Chahar- Executive Director
4. Mr. Tushaar Gautam-Executive Director
Meetings and Attendance
Risk Management Committee met 2 (Two) time during 
financial year 2021-22 ended on 31 March, 2022 on 30 July 
2021 and 13 Jan 2022.
Name of the Members No. of meeting
Held Attended
Lt Gen (Dr.) Vijay Kumar 
Ahluwalia 2 2
Mr. Rakesh Chahar 2 2
Mr. Tushaar Gautam 2 2
Mr. Som Mittal 2 2
Committee Responsibilities and Authority
The committee shall evaluate significant risk exposures 
of the company and assess management’ s actions to 
mitigate the exposures in a timely manner.
The committee will coordinate its activities with the 
audit committee in instances where there is any overlap 
with audit activities (e.g. internal or external audit issue 
relating to risk management policy or practice).
The committee shall make reports to the board, including 
with respect to risk management and minimization 
procedures.
The board shall review the performance of the committee.
The committee shall have access to any internal 
information of the company necessary to fulfil its 
oversight role. The committee shall also have the 
authority to obtain advice and assistance from internal or 
external experts /advisors.
The role and responsibilities of the committee shall 
include such other items as may be prescribed by 
applicable law or the board in compliance with applicable 
law, from time to time.
===== PAGE 77 =====
46 | Sheela Foam Limited
GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
Particulars of the last three Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary General Meeting are as follows:
Annual General Meeting
Y ear Date & Day Location Time Special Resolution
2020-
21
20th August 
2021
NA
Through Video Conference (“VC”) /Other 
Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”)
11.00 AM Reappointment of Ms Meena 
Jagtiani as an Non executive 
independent director
2019-
20
14th Aug 2020 Arya Auditorium, Desh Raj Complex, C 
Block, East of Kailash, New Delhi, 110065
10.30 AM No Special Resolution
2018-19 15th July 2019 Arya Auditorium, DeshRajComplex,C 
Block, East of Kailash, New Delhi, 110065
10.30 AM No Special Resolution
Extraordinary General Meeting
Y ear Date & Day Location Time Special Resolution
NIL
Means of Communication with Shareholders
a) Financial Results
 The financial results of the Company are 
communicated to all the Stock Exchanges where 
the Company’ s equity shares are listed. The results 
are published in ‘Financial Express’ in English and 
‘Jansatta’ in the vernacular language.
b) Website and email id for Investors
 Detailed information on the Company’ s 
business and products; quarterly and annual 
financial results, Investor brief and the quarterly 
distribution of Shareholding are displayed on the 
Company’ s website. The company has designated 
the email id iquebal.ahmad@sheelafoam.com for 
its investors.
c) Intimation to Stock Exchanges:
 The Company intimates stock exchanges all 
information which in its opinion are material & of 
relevance to the shareholders. The Company also 
submits electronically various compliance reports/
statements periodically in accordance with the 
provisions of the Listing Regulations on NSE and 
BSE’ s Electronic Filing Systems.
d)  Teleconferences and Press conferences, 
Presentation etc.:
 The Company held quarterly Investors 
Teleconferences and Press Conferences for the 
investors of the Company after the declaration of the 
Quarterly Results. The Company made presentations 
to institutional investors/analysts during the period 
which are available on the Company’ s website.
General Shareholder Information
(a) Annual General Meeting
 Date & Day: 18th Aug, 2022, Thursday
 Time: 10:00 a.m.
  Venue- E-meeting, through video conference (“VC”)/other Audio visual means (“OAVM”)
(b) Financial Y ear: April to March
(c) Listing on Stock Exchange
 The Company’ s equity shares are listed at the following Stock Exchanges.
Name and Address of Stock Exchanges Stock Code
BSE Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 023. 540203
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra€ Mumbai-400 051 SFL
===== PAGE 78 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 47
Market Price Data/Stock Performance: FY 2021-22 ended on March 31, 2022
The Company is listed on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National Stock Exchange (NSE). The high low price during 
this period on the BSE and NSE was as under:-
Month  Bombay Stock
 Exchange (BSE)  (in `)
 National Stock
 Exchange (NSE) (in `)
 High  Low  High  Low
April 2021 2200 1900 2,197.00 1,932.75
May 2021 2167.5 1957.2 2,175.00 1,968.55
June 2021 2440 2019.6 2,439.00 2,021.65
July 2021 2493.9 2245 2,498.10 2,217.45
August 2021 2479.3 2195 2,449.00 2,185.60
September 2021 2515 2213.2 2,519.00 2,226.05
October 2021 2623.95 2314.85 2,630.00 2,305.10
November 2021 3488.7 2460.1 3,374.45 2440
December 2021 3468 2994.65 3,487.00 2,990.05
January 2022 3949.4 3160 3,959.50 3,195.00
February 2022 3479.95 3073.95 3456 3074.45
March 2022 3757 3236 3778 3,233.75
Stock Performance Graph
2,037 2,059 
2,231 
2,386 2,334 2,338
2,470
3,260 3,228 3,264
3,424 3,475
24,196 
25,775 
26,971 27,815 28,242
30,384 30,469 29,650 30,442 30,351
28,202
29,650
 1,000
 6,000
 11,000
 16,000
 21,000
 26,000
 31,000
 36,000
 1,000
 1,500
 2,000
 2,500
 3,000
 3,500
 4,000
Apr-21 May-21J un-21 Jul-21 Aug-21 Sep-21 Oct-21 Nov-21 Dec-21 Jan-22 Feb-22 Mar-22
SFL midcap
SFL Share Price V's NSE Midcap 100 Month Closing Price
REGISTRAR AND SHARE TRANSFER AGENT
Address:
Link Intime India Private Limited
Noble Heights, First Floor, Plot NH2
C-1 Block LSC, Near Savitri Market
Janakpuri, New Delhi-110058
 Tel No : +91 1141410592,93,94
 E-mail id : delhi@linkintime.co.in
 Website : www.linkintime.co.in
Share Transfer System
The Company’ s share transfer authority has been 
delegated to the Company Secretary/ Registrar and 
Transfer Agent M/s Link Intime India Private Limited 
who generally has authority to approves and confirm the 
request for share transfer/ transmission/ transposition/ 
consolidation/ issue of duplicate share certificates/ 
sub-division, consolidation, remat, demat and perform 
other related activities in accordance with the Listing 
Agreement and SEBI (Depositories and Participants) 
Regulations, 1996.
Except Seven shares all the shares of the company 
are in dematerialized form. As per the requirement of 
Regulation 40(9) of the Listing Regulations a certificate 
on half yearly basis confirming due compliance of share 
transfer/transmission formalities by the Company from 
Practicing Company Secretary has been submitted to 
Stock Exchanges within stipulated time.
===== PAGE 79 =====
48 | Sheela Foam Limited
Distribution of Equity Shareholding as on March 31, 2022
Group of Shares Number of 
Shareholders
% to total 
Shareholders
Number of Shares 
held
% to Total 
Shares
1-500 21580 99.0726 317594 0.6510
501-1000 70 0.3214 51600 0.1058
1001-2000 26 0.1194 38346 0.0786
2001-3000 18 0.0826 45217 0.0927
3001-4000 4 0.0184 14745 0.0302
4001-5000 13 0.0597 60604 0.1242
5001- 10000 14 0.0643 100107 0.2052
10001 & above 57 0.2617 48154595 98.7122
Total 13848 100.0000 4,87,82,808 100.0000
Shareholding Pattern as on March 31, 2022
Category Number of Shares held %-Issued Capital
Promoter and Prompter Group 35587087 72.9501
Mutual Funds 11275502 23.1137
Insurance Companies 3621 0.0074
Foreign Portfolio Investors(Corporate) 1232194 2.5259
Foreign National 68 0.001
Non Resident Indians 16183 0.0332
Non Resident (Non Repatriable) 6463 0.0132
Clearing Members 5445 0.0112
Other Bodies Corporate 28097 0.576
Body corp LLP 1298 0.0027
Hindu Undivided Family 26861 0.0551
Alternate Investment Funds 121199 0.2484
Individual 478790 0.9814
TOTAL : 48,782,808  100
Dematerialisation of Shares & Liquidity
As on March 31, 2022, all the equity share capital of the Company were held in dematerialised form except 7 shares. The 
ISIN allotted in respect of equity shares of ` 5/- each of the Company by NSDL/CDSL is INE916U01025.
Plant Locations
Plot No-51A, Udyog Vihar,
Greater Noida, Dist. GautamBudh Nagar
201306 (Uttar Pradesh)
N.H 8, Near Bhilad Check Post
Village- Talwada-Taluka Umergoan
Dist: Valsad - 396105 (Gujarat)
Village- Habibpur, Noida Dadri Road
Gautambudh Nagar-201304
Survey No.-852, Medchal Industrial Area
R.R.Disttrict-501401, Hyderabad (Telagana)
Village Mardanpur, Near Shamboo
Teh. Rajpura, Dist. Patiala-140401 (Punjab)
MM-3, Phase-4,
Sipcot Industrial Growth Centre,
P .O.Palayam, Village:Perundurai,
Erode- 638052 Tamilnadu
Mainthapal, Nahan Road
Kalaamb, Dist. Sirmour, Himachal Pradesh-173030
Kanchanjanga Integrated Hub
P .O. Fatapukur, P .S.Rajganj,
Dist. Jalpaiguri.Pin-735134(West Bengal)
Survey No.257, Saily, Umarkui Road
City- Silvassa,State-( U.T. Of DNH &DAMAN DIU)
Pin code-396230
37 /2, Site IV, Sahibabad Industrial Area,  
Ghaziabad Uttar Pradesh 201010
===== PAGE 80 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 49
Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit
As stipulated by SEBI, a qualified Practising Company 
Secretaries/ Chartered Accountants carries out 
Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit to reconcile the 
total admitted capital with NSDL and CDSL and the total 
issued and listed capital. This audit is carried out every 
quarter and the report thereon is submitted to the Stock 
Exchanges. The Audit confirms that the total listed and 
paid-up capital is in agreement with the aggregate of 
the total number of shares in dematerialised form and in 
physical form.
Disclosures of Accounting Treatment
In the financial statements for the year ended March 
31, 2022, the Company has followed the treatment as 
prescribed in the applicable Accounting Standards.
Related Party Transactions
During the year there was no materially significant related 
party transaction which may have potential conflict 
with the interest of the Company. The Company has 
formulated a Related Party Transaction policy which has 
been uploaded on its website at http://www.sheelafoam.
com. Details of related party information and transactions 
are being placed before the Audit Committee from time 
to time. The omnibus approval is also obtained from the 
Board. The details of the related party transactions during 
the year have been provided in Note to the financial 
statements.
Details of Non-Compliance by the Company, penalties, 
stricture imposed on the Company by the Stock 
Exchanges, SEBI or any statutory authorities or any 
matter related to capital markets.
The Company has complied with all the requirements 
of the Stock Exchanges/the Regulations and guidelines 
of SEBI and other Statutory Authorities on all matters 
relating to capital markets. No penalties or strictures have 
been imposed by SEBI, Stock Exchanges or any statutory 
authorities on matters relating to capital markets during 
the last three years.
Whistle Blower Policy and Affirmation that no personnel 
has been denied access to the Audit Committee
The Company has established a vigil mechanism through 
a Whistle Blower Policy for directors and employees to 
report concerns about unethical behaviour, actual or 
suspected fraud or violation of the company’ s code of 
conduct or ethics policy. The mechanism provides for 
adequate safeguards against victimisation of director(s)/ 
employee(s) who express their concerns and also 
provides for direct access to the Chairman of the Audit 
Committee in exceptional cases. During the year under 
review, no personnel was denied access to the Audit 
Committee.
Code for prevention of Insider Trading
The Company has instituted code on prevention of 
insider trading in compliance with the SEBI (Prohibition 
of Insider Trading) Regulations. The Code lays down the 
guidelines which advise on procedures to be followed 
and disclosures to be made, while dealing in shares of the 
Company and the consequences of the non-compliances.
Code of conduct for Directors and Senior Executives
The Company has laid down a Code of Conduct for 
all Board Members and the Senior Executives of the 
Company. The Code of conduct is available on the 
Company’ s website www.sheelafoam.com. The code 
of conduct was circulated to all the members of the 
Board and senior management personnel and they have 
affirmed their compliance with the said code of conduct 
for the financial year ended 31 March, 2022. A declaration 
to this effect signed by the Chairman & Managing Director 
is given below:
To
The Shareholders of Sheela Foam Limited.
Sub.: Compliance with Code of Conduct
I hereby declare that all the Board Members and the 
Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance 
with the Code of Conduct as adopted by the Board of 
Directors and applicable to them for the financial year 
ended 31 March, 2022.
Date: May 12, 2022     Rahul Gautam 
Place: Noida  Chairman and Managing Director
===== PAGE 81 =====
50 | Sheela Foam Limited
MD/CFO CERTIFICATION
The Managing Director & CFO have certified to the Board of Directors inter-alia, the accuracy of financial statements 
and adequacy of internal controls for the financial reporting purpose as required under Regulation 17 (8) of Listing 
Regulations for the year ended March 31, 2022. The said certificate forms part of the Annual Report.
Details of compliance with mandatory requirements and adoption of the non-mandatory requirements
The details of mandatory requirements are mentioned in this Report. The Company is in compliance with the 
requirements specified under Clause 49 of the Listing Agreements and regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-
regulation (2) of regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, as applicable, with regard to corporate governance.
Further, as required under the SEBI Regulations, the Company has executed fresh Listing Agreements with BSE Limited 
and National Stock Exchange of India Limited and has adopted Policy on Preservation of Documents, Archival Policy 
and Policy for determination of Materiality.
Modified opinion(s) in audit report
The opinion expressed by the Auditor in the audit report on the financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2022 
is unmodified.
Compliance Certificate on Corporate Governance from the Auditor
The certificate dated May 12, 2022 from the Statutory Auditors of the Company confirming compliance with the 
Corporate Governance requirements as stipulated under Listing Regulations is annexed hereto.
The above report has been adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on May 12, 2022
===== PAGE 82 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 51
CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION
To
The Board of Directors
Sheela Foam Limited
Sub: CEO/CFO certification under Regulation 17 (8) of Listing Regulations
We, Rahul Gautam, Chairman and Managing Director, Nikhil Datye, Group CFO certify to the Board that:
(a) We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year ended March 31, 2022 and that to 
the best of our knowledge and belief:
(i)  These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain 
statements that might be misleading;
(ii) These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’ s affairs and are in compliance with 
existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
(b) There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year 
which are fraudulent, illegal or violate of the Company’ s code of conduct.
(c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have 
evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we 
have disclosed to the auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal 
controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
(d) We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:
(i) That there were no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;
(ii) That there were no significant changes in accounting policies during the year and
(iii) That there were no instances of significant fraud, of which we have become aware and the involvement 
therein, if any, of the management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’ s internal control 
system over financial reporting.
Rahul Gautam        Nikhil Datye
Chairman and Managing Director     Group Chief Financial Officer
Place: Noida
Date: May 12, 2022
===== PAGE 83 =====
52 | Sheela Foam Limited
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 the Company has obtained following certificate from AVA Associates, Company 
Secretaries.
To,
The Members of Sheela Foam Limited
604 Ashadeep, 9 Hailey Road, New Delhi 110001
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of  
Sheela Foam Limited having CIN (L74899DL1971PLC005679) and having registered office at604 Ashadeep, 9 Hailey 
Road, New Delhi 110001 (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before us by the Company for the 
purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of 
the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification 
Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the 
Company & its officers, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for 
the Financial Year ending on 31st March, 2022 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as 
Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other 
Statutory Authority.
S.N. Name of Director DIN Date of appointment in Company
1 Rahul Gautam 00192999 01/04/1996
2 Namita Gautam 00190463 14/11/2003
3 Rakesh Chahar 00180587 14/11/2003
4 Tushaar Gautam 01646487 01/04/2007
5 Vijay Kumar Chopra 02103940 07 /06/2016
6 Som Mittal 00074842 07 /06/2016
7 Ravindra Dhariwal 00003922 07 /06/2016
8 Anil Tandon 00089404 07 /06/2016
9 Vijay Kumar Ahluwalia 08078092 05/03/2018
10 Meena Jagtiani 08396893 08/04/2019
Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the 
management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This 
certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with 
which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For AVA Associates
Company Secretaries
Amitabh
Partner
CP: 5500
Mem. No. A14190
Place: Delhi
Date: May 06, 2022
UDIN: A014190D000279884
===== PAGE 84 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 53
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To the Members of Sheela Foam Limited
We the Statutory Auditors of Sheela Foam Limited (the ‘Company’) have examined the compliance of conditions of 
Corporate Governance by the Company for the year ended March 31, 2022 as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and 
clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C, D, E of schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (‘the Regulations’) and as amended from time to time.
Management’ s Responsibility
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility 
includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance 
with the conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing Regulations.
Auditor’ s Responsibility
Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for 
ensuring compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of 
opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
We have examined the books of account and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for 
the purposes of providing reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by the 
Company.
We have carried out an examination of the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note 
on Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI), 
the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act 2013, in so far as applicable for the 
purpose of this certificate and as per the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) 
issued by the ICAI which requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.
We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality 
Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related 
Services Engagements.
Opinion
Based on our examination of relevant records and information and according to the explanations given to us and 
the representation provided by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of 
Corporate Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C, D, E of 
schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 
2015, during the year ended March 31, 2022, as applicable.
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency 
or effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
MSKA & Associates
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 105047W
Manish P Bathija
Partner
Membership No.216706
UDIN: 22216706AIVAWM4667
Place: Gurugram
Date: May 12, 2022
===== PAGE 85 =====
54 | Sheela Foam Limited
FORM NO. AOC -2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2)  
of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
Form for Disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related parties referred 
to in sub section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arms length transaction under third 
proviso thereto.
1. DETAILS OF CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENTS OR TRANSACTIONS NOT AT ARM’S LENGTH BASIS.
 None; During the reporting period ended on 31st March 22 , all transactions were at Arms’ s length basis.
SL. No. Particulars Details
 1 Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship NA
 2 Nature of contracts/arrangements/transaction NA
 3 Duration of the contracts/arrangements/transaction NA
 4 Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transaction including the value, if any NA
 5 Justification for entering into such contracts or arrangements or transactions’ NA
 6 Date of approval by the Board NA
 7 Amount paid as advances, if any NA
 8 Date on which the special resolution was passed in General meeting as required under 
first proviso to section 188 NA
 During the reporting period all other transactions are on arm’ s length basis.
2. DETAILS OF MATERIAL CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENT OR TRANSACTIONS AT ARM’S LENGTH BASIS –
 NONE; DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD, THERE WAS NO MATERIAL* CONTRACT OR ARRANGEMENT.
 (*As defined under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and adopted by the 
Board of Directors in the Related Party Transactions Policy of the Company, “Material Related Party Transaction” 
means a transaction with a related party if the transaction / transactions to be entered into individually or taken 
together with previous transactions during a financial year, exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of 
the company as per the last audited financial statements of the Company.)
(a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship: NA
(b) Nature of contracts / arrangements / transactions: NA
(c) Duration of the contracts / arrangements / transactions: NA
(d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transactions including the value, if any: NA
(e) Date(s) of approval by the Board, if any: NA
(f) Amount paid as advances, if any: NA
Annexure-C
===== PAGE 86 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 55
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No.9 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2022
To,
The Members
Sheela Foam Limited
604 Ashadeep,  
9 Hailey Road,  
New Delhi 110001
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to 
good corporate practices by Sheela Foam Limited (hereinafter called the “Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted 
in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and 
expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’ s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records 
maintained by the Company (as listed in Annexure A) and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, 
agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit.
We hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on 31st 
of March 2022, complied with the laws listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-Processes and 
Compliance-Mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter.
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by Sheela 
Foam Limited for the financial year ended on 31st of March 2022 according to the provisions of:
a. The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;
b. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
c. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
d. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign 
Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings;
e. The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 
(‘SEBI Act’):-
- The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 
2011;
- The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 1992;
- The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2009;
- The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Employee Stock Option Scheme and Employee Stock Purchase 
Scheme) Guidelines, 1999;
- The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008;
- The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 
1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;
 - The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; and
 - The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 1998;
f. Other sector specific laws like the Petroleum Act, 1934 (“Petroleum Act”) and Petroleum Rules, 2002 (“Petroleum Rules”); 
Bureau of Indian Standards Act, 1986 (“BIS Act”) and Bureau of Indian Standards Act, 2016; Consumer Protection Act, 
1986; Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016 (“Hazardous Wastes 
Rules”) and Environmental laws and regulations and other laws applicable to manufacturing companies.
Annexure-D
===== PAGE 87 =====
56 | Sheela Foam Limited
g. Labour laws and other incidental laws related to labour and employees appointed by the Company either on its 
payroll or on contractual basis as related to wages, gratuity, provident fund, ESIC, compensation and Labour laws 
of the respective States where the Company operates.
The Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and the National Stock 
Exchange (NSE).
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) and Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015.
During the period under review, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Acts, Rules, Regulations, 
Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above.
We further report that:-
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive 
Directors, Independent Directors and a Woman Director. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that 
took place during the period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
Adequate notices were given to all the Directors to schedule the Board Meetings. Agendas and detailed notes on 
agendas were sent at least seven days in advance, except where it was called urgently, and a system exists for seeking 
and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful 
participation at the meeting.
Decisions of the Board were carried out unanimously and Minutes of the meetings were recorded properly.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and 
operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
We further report that:-
1. The Company complied with the provisions of section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013, and rules thereunder. The 
Company has Six Independent Directors on the Board wherein one independent director is a woman.
2. The Committees of the Board, met to transact businesses as under during the year:-
a) Audit Committee – 4 times
b) Corporate Social Responsibility Committee– 2 time
c) Nomination and Remuneration Committee –4 times
d) Stakeholders Relationship Committee- 1 time
e) Risk Management Committee – 2 time
3. All regulatory reporting, including but not limited to the filing due with the stock exchanges listed, SEBI, Reserve 
Bank of India (RBI) and the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) was done regularly.
4. The foreign investment in the Company is within the Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) sectoral cap.
 Our report is to be read along with the representations disclosed in Annexure B.
For AVA Associates
Company Secretaries
S/d
Amitabh
Partner
CP: 5500
UDIN: A014190D00031190
Place: Delhi
Date: May 12, 2022
===== PAGE 88 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 57
ANNEXURE A- LIST OF DOCUMENTS VERIFIED
1. Memorandum & Articles of Association of the Company.
2. Annual Reports of the Company.
3. Minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors and the committees thereof (along with Attendance SRegister) 
held during the financial year under report.
4. Minutes of General Body Meetings held during the financial year under report.
5. Statutory Registers under the Companies Act, 2013.
6. Agenda papers submitted to all the directors / members for the Board Meetings and Committee  Meetings.
7. Declarations received from the Directors of the Company pursuant to the provisions of section 184 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
8. E-Forms and documents filed by the Company, from time-to-time, under applicable provisions of  C o m p a n i e s 
Act, 2013 and listing agreement and securities regulation laws along with the  attachments thereof during the 
financial year under report.
9. Registers and returns maintained under various applicable labour laws.
10. Other State specific laws.
11. Intimations / documents / reports / returns filed/ under the provisions of sectoral laws related to manufacturing  
of PUF, Foam and other products during the financial year under report.
12. Filings made with Reserve Bank of India under the Foreign Direct Investment Guidelines
 ANNEXURE B- RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
To,
The Members
Sheela Foam Limited
604 Ashadeep, 9 Hailey Road,
New Delhi 110001
Our report is to be read along with the following:
Maintenance of Secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to 
express an opinion on the secretarial records based on our audit.
We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain responsible assurance about the 
correctness of the contents of secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts 
are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we follow provide a responsible basis 
for our opinion.
We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.
Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and 
regulations and happening of events, etc.
The compliance of the provision of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility 
of management. Our examination was limited to verification of procedures on test basis.
The secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For AVA Associates
Company Secretaries
Amitabh
Partner
CP: 5500
Place: Delhi
Date: May 12, 2022
===== PAGE 89 =====
58 | Sheela Foam Limited
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES (CSR) ACTIVITIES  
FOR THE YEAR 2021-22: ANNEXURE II.
1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company.
 The company is committed to society for improving quality of life of people living in under privileged area 
especially those from socially and economically backward areas. Company’ s CSR efforts shall focus on Education, 
Employability and Health for relevant target groups, ensuring diversity and giving preference to needy and 
deserving people inhabiting in rural India. The Company has adopted Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy. 
The policy has been uploaded on the website of the Company www.sheelafoam.com. The various programme 
includes Education, Swach Bharat, community, rural development and all the Government Notified Fund. The 
Company has a CSR arm, Sleepwell Foundation(Trust). It has been promoting education, skill development, 
wellness, cleanliness, since 2001.
 During the year under review the CSR initiatives have been made mainly in the area of education, healthcare, 
sanitation and eradicating hunger, poverty and malnutrition.
2. Composition of CSR Committee:
Sl. 
No.
Name of Director Designation / Nature 
of Directorship
Number of meetings 
of CSR Committee 
held during the year
Number of meetings 
of CSR Committee 
attended during the 
year
1 Mr. Anil Tandon Chairman 2 2
2 Mr. Vijay Kumar Ahluwalia Member 2 1*
3 Ms. Namita Gautam Member 2 2
4 Ms. Meena Jagtiani Member 2 1*
 *Appointed W.e.F 01.07.2021
3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board 
are disclosed on the website of the company.
 www.sheelafoam.com
4. Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the 
Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report).
 NA
5.  Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social 
responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any
Sl. 
No.
Financial Y ear Amount available for set-off from 
preceding financial years (in `)
Amount required to be set-off for 
the financial year, if any (in `)
1 2020-21 116.64 Lakhs 165.58 Lakhs
6. Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5).
  ` 20453.71 Lakhs
7. (a) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5)
  ` 409.07 Lakhs
 (b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years. NA
 (c) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any : 116.64 Lakhs
 (d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c). ` 292.43 Lakhs
Annexure-E
===== PAGE 90 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 59
8. (a) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:
 
Total Amount Spent 
for the Financial Y ear. 
(in `)
Amount Unspent (in `)
Total Amount transferred to 
Unspent CSR Account as per 
section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund specified under 
Schedule VII as per second proviso to section 
135(5)
Amount Date of transfer Name of the 
Fund
Amount Date of 
transfer
` 458 Lakhs NIL NA NA NIL NA
 (b) Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year: (` In Lakhs)
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10) (11)
Sl. 
No.
Name of the 
Project.
Item from 
the list of 
activities in 
Schedule VII 
to the Act.
Local 
area 
(Y es/
No)
Location of the 
project
Project 
duration.
Amount 
allocated 
for the 
project 
(in `)
Amount 
spent 
in the 
current 
financial 
Y ear  
(in `)
Amount 
transferred to 
Unspent CSR 
Account for 
the project as 
per Section 
135(6)  
(in `)
Mode of 
Implementation - 
Direct (Y es/No)
Mode of 
Implementation 
- Through 
Implementing 
Agency
State District Name CSR 
Registration 
number
1. Education/
Skill 
Development
Promoting 
Education 
including 
employment 
enhancing 
vocational 
skills, 
conducting 
wellness 
awareness 
programme, 
contributing 
sanitation 
programme
Y Delhi and Uttar 
Pradeh
Yearly 
allocation
315.00 315.00 NIL Yes NA NA
2. Health Care/
Education/
Skill 
Development
Proving 
Health 
Support, 
Promoting 
Education 
including 
employment 
enhancing 
vocational 
skills
Y Uttar Pradesh, 
Uttarakhand, 
Delhi, Himachal 
Pradesh and 
Gujarat
General 143 143 NIL Yes NA NA
Total 458 458 NIL
 (c) Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year:
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8)
Sl. 
No.
Name of the 
Project
Item from 
the list of 
activities 
in schedule 
VII to the 
Act.
Local 
area 
(Y es/ 
No)
Location of 
the project.
Amount 
spent 
for the 
project 
(in `)
Mode of 
implementation 
- Direct (Y es/No)
Mode of 
implementation - 
Through implementing 
agency
State District Name CSR 
registration 
number
1. NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
 (d) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: NIL
 (e) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: NA
 (f) Total amount spent for the Financial Year (8b+8c+8d+8e): 458 lakhs
===== PAGE 91 =====
60 | Sheela Foam Limited
 (g) Excess amount for set off, if any: 165.58 Lakhs
Sl. 
No.
Particular Amount (in `)
(i) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) 292.43 Lakhs
(ii) Total amount spent for the Financial Year 458 Lakhs
(iii) Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)] 165.58 Lakhs
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous 
financial years, if any NIL
(v) Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)] 165.58 Lakhs
9. (a) Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years:
Sl. 
No.
Preceding 
Financial Y ear
Amount transferred 
to Unspent CSR 
Account under 
section 135 (6)  
(in `)
Amount 
spent in the 
reporting 
Financial Y ear 
(in `)
Amount transferred to any 
fund specified under Schedule 
VII as per section 135(6), if any.
Amount remaining 
to be spent 
in succeeding 
financial years. 
 (in `)
Name of 
the Fund
Amount  
(in `)
Date of 
transfer
1. NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
 (b) Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year(s):
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9)
Sl. 
No.
Project 
ID
Name 
of the 
Project
Financial 
Y ear in 
which the 
project was 
commenced
Project 
duration
Total 
amount 
allocated for 
the project 
(in `)
Amount 
spent on the 
project in 
the reporting 
Financial Y ear 
(in `)
Cumulative 
amount spent 
at the end 
of reporting 
Financial Y ear 
(in `)
Status 
of the 
project - 
Completed 
/Ongoing
1 NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
10. In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired 
through CSR spent in the financial year
 (Asset-wise details).
 (a) Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset(s). NA
 (b) Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset. NA
(c) Details of the entity or public authority or beneficiary under whose name such capital asset is registered, their 
address etc. NA
(d) Provide details of the capital asset(s) created or acquired (including complete address and location of the 
capital asset). NA
11. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per section 
135(5). NA
Sd/-
(Managing Director)
Sd/-
(Chairman CSR  Committee)
===== PAGE 92 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 61
PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES
Particulars of Employees Pursuant to Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 Read with Rule 5(1) of the  
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
i) The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, the CFO and the CS during the Financial Year 2022, ratio 
of remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the Financial 
Year 2022.
ii)
Name and Designation Remuneration for
Financial Y ear 2022
(` in Lakhs)
% increase of
remuneration in the
Financial Y ear 2022
Ratio of remuneration
to Median 
Remuneration
Executive Director
Mr. Rahul Gautam
Managing Director 431.89 8.51 143
Ms. Namita Gautam
Wholetime Director 229.24 8.17 76
Mr. Rakesh Chahar
Wholetime Director 226.78 8.23 75
Mr. Tushaar Gautam
Wholetime Director 236.50 8.00 79
Non Executive Independent Director
Mr. Vijay Kumar Chopra
Non Executive Independent Director  23.75 NA 8
Mr. Som Mittal
Non Executive Independent Director  25.50 NA 9
Mr. Ravindra Dhariwal
Non Executive Independent Director 25.25 NA 9
Mr. Anil Tandon
Non Executive Independent Director 19.75 NA 7
Lt Gen (Dr.) Vijay Kumar Ahluwalia Non 
Executive Independent Director 21.50 NA 7
Ms. Meena Jagtiani
Non Executive Independent Director 21.25 NA 7
Key Managerial Personnel
#Mr. Nikhil Datye, Group CFO 110.92 - 36.9
#Mr Dhruv Mathur 14 - 4
Mr. Md Iquebal Ahmad
Company Secretary 18.78 6.40 6
 #  Mr. Nikhil Datye was appointed as Group CFO w.e.f 1st June 2021 and Mr Dhruv Mathur was ceased as CFO w.e.f 1st June 
2021.
 Note:
(i) The remuneration of the non-executive Independent directors includes sitting fees for attending Board/
Committee meetings and since they were appointed during the mid of the last financial year or this Financial 
Years there is no comparison for % increase in remuneration.
(ii)  The employee and the salary details hereinafter provided are for employees excluding trainees.
(iii)  The median remuneration of employees during the financial year was ` 3.00 Lakh
(iv)  In the financial year, there was an increase of 8 % in the median remuneration of employees.
 (v)  Number of permanent employees on the role of the Company as on 31.03.2022 is 2779
 (vi) The remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the company.
 
Annexure-F
===== PAGE 93 =====
62 | Sheela Foam Limited
Particulars of Employees Pursuant to Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 Read with Rule 5(2) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
Name and Designation Remuneration for FY 
21
(` in Lakhs)
Experience
(in years)
Educational 
Qualification
Previous 
employment and 
designation
Dr. Mahesh N  
Gopalasamudram (COO)
136.00 23 PhD Manali Petrochemical
Annexure-G
===== PAGE 94 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 63
Annexure-H
INTRODUCTION:
Sheela Foam Limited is governed by its Vision Statement. 
One of the most important ingredients of the Vision 
Statement is Commitment to Society and Company 
diligently adheres to it.
SECTION A: GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT 
THE COMPANY
1. Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Company: 
 L74899DL1971PLC005679
2.  Name of the Company: Sheela Foam Limited
3.  Registered address: 604,Ashadeep 9 Hailey Road 
New Delhi-110001
4.  Website: www.sheelafoam.com
5.  E-mail id : iquebal.ahmad@sheelafoam.com
6.  Financial Y ear reported: 2021-22
7. Sector(s) that the Company is engaged in  
 (industrial activity code-wise):
 CETA: 39211310/94042920
8.  List three key products/services that the Company 
manufactures/provides (as in balance sheet)
 Polyurethane Foam, Mattress, Pillow
9.  Total number of locations where business activity 
is undertaken by the Company
 The company mainly operates in India, Australia and 
Spain during the year.
 (a) Number of International Locations
 Other than Australia the Company export its 
product to UAE, EU, Saudi Arabia, Sri Lanka, 
Bangladesh and Nepal.
 (b) Number of National Locations
  Company production units are at 10 locations
10.  Markets served by the Company – Local/State/
National/International
SECTION B: FINANCIAL DETAILS OF THE 
COMPANY
1. Paid up Capital (INR) 24,39,14,040
2.  Total Turnover (INR) 2124.44 Crore
3. Total profit after taxes (INR) 197.31 Crore
4.  Total Spending on Corporate Social Responsibility 
(CSR) as percentage of profit after tax 2.31%
5.  List of activities in which expenditure in 4 above has 
been incurred:-
 (a) Education
 (b) Skill development
 (c) Swachh Bharat
 (d)  Preventive health care and eradication of 
poverty
SECTION C: OTHER DETAILS
1. Does the Company have any Subsidiary Company/ 
Companies? yes
2. Do the Subsidiary Company/Companies participate 
in the BR Initiatives of the parent company? If 
yes, then indicate the number of such subsidiary 
company(s). The main subsidiary company, Joyce 
Foam Pty. Ltd. is located in Australia. It follows the BR 
initiatives of the Company, to the extent applicable 
in Australia.
3. Do any other entity/entities (e.g. suppliers, 
distributors etc.) that the Company does business 
with, participate in the BR initiatives of the Company? 
If yes, then indicate the percentage of such entity/
entities? [Less than 30%, 30-60%, More than 60%]
 Suppliers of critical raw materials and some of the 
Customers follow the BR initiatives of the Company 
besides following their own BR policies. The % age 
of entities would be less than 30%.
SECTION D: BR INFORMATION
1. Details of Director/Directors responsible for BR
(a) Details of the Director/Director responsible for 
implementation of the BR policy/policies
 1.  DIN Number: 00192999
  2.  Name : Mr. Rahul Gautam
  3.  Designation : Managing Director
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT/SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
(As per Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015)
===== PAGE 95 =====
64 | Sheela Foam Limited
 (b) Details of the BR head
Particulars
DIN Number :00192999
Name: Mr. Rahul Gautam
Designation : Managing Director
Telephone number: 0120-4869201
E-mail id: rahul@sheelafoam.com
2. Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies
P1 Business should conduct and govern themselves with ethics, Transparency and Accountability
P2 Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout 
their life cycle
P3 Businesses should promote the wellbeing of all employees
P4 Businesses should respect the interests of, and be responsive towards all stakeholder specially those who 
are disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalized
P5 Businesses should respect and promote human rights
P6 Business should respect, protect, and make efforts to restore the environment
P7 Businesses, when engaged in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible 
manner
P8 Businesses should support inclusive growth and equitable development
P9 Businesses should engage with and provide value to their customers and consumers in a responsible 
manner
No. Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
1 Do you have a policy/ policies for... Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
2 Has the policy being formulated in consultation with 
the relevant stakeholders? Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
3 Does the policy conform to any national / 
international standards? If yes, specify? (50 words)
Various plants of the Company are ISO 9001 
certified. Our policy conforms to all standards 
specified in ISO 9001.
4
Has the policy being approved by the Board? 
Is yes, has it been signed by MD/ owner/ CEO/ 
appropriate Board Director?
The Policy has been approved by Board and signed 
by MD of the Company
5
Does the company have a specified committee 
of the Board/ Director/ Official to oversee the 
implementation of the policy?
Managing Director is responsible for 
implementation of the policy
6 Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online? www.sheelafoam.com-investors
7 Has the policy been formally communicated to all 
relevant internal and external stakeholders? Yes
8 Does the company have in-house structure to 
implement the policy/ policies. Yes
9
Does the Company have a grievance redressal 
mechanism related to the policy/ policies to address 
stakeholders’ grievances related to the policy/ 
policies?
Yes
Has the company carried out independent audit/ 
evaluation of the working of this policy by an internal 
or external agency?
The Managing director along with his team 
evaluates the implementation of the policy.
===== PAGE 96 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 65
(b)  If answer to the question at serial number 1 against any principle, is ‘No’ , please explain why: (Tick up to 2 
options) -NOT APPLICABLE
No.  Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
1 The company has not understood the Principles
2
The company is not at a stage where it finds itself in a 
position to formulate and implement the policies on 
specified principles
3 The company does not have financial or manpower 
resources available for the task
4 It is planned to be done within next 6 months
5 It is planned to be done within the next 1 year
6 Any other reason (please specify)
3. Governance related to BR
(a) Indicate the frequency with which the Board of 
Directors, Committee of the Board or CEO to 
assess the BR performance of the Company. 
Within 3 months, 3-6 months, Annually, More 
than 1 year -
 Managing Director reviews various aspects of 
the policy on an ongoing basis and necessary 
advisory are issued for implementation of 
various policies.
(b) Does the Company publish a BR or a 
Sustainability Report? What is the hyperlink 
for viewing this report? How frequently it is 
published?
 Sustainability report is presented by Chief 
Operating officer to a select committee on 
monthly basis. However the same is not 
published.
SECTION E: PRINCIPLE-WISE PERFORMANCE
Principle 1
1. Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and 
corruption cover only the company? Yes/ No. Does 
it extend to the Group/Joint Ventures/ Suppliers/
Contractors/NGOs /Others?
 Yes. This covers all subsidiaries and group companies.
2. How many stakeholder complaints have been 
received in the past financial year and what 
percentage was satisfactorily resolved by the 
management? If so, provide details thereof, in about 
50 words or so.
 The company has not received any complaints during 
the year from shareholders. Consumer Complaints 
are attended at centralized customer care center 
and are resolved expeditiously. During the year there 
have been only 6 cases in consumer forum out of 
which 3 have been settled.
Principle 2
1. List up to 3 of your products or services whose 
design has incorporated social or environmental 
concerns, risks and/or opportunities.
(a) Mattresses are treated with Neem Fresche, 
this is a propriety treatment that harnesses the 
goodness of Neem and a patented technology 
of Bio-Fresche. It prevents microbial activity and 
improves hygiene. This Technology prevents 
breeding of dust mites, bacteria & fungi, which 
help in avoiding any respiratory problem.
(b) The company recycles Foam scrap to produce 
good quality Rebonded Foam. The rebounded 
foam is reused for applications that need 
improved firmness.
(c) The Foam produced from the latest Machine 
i.e. Vertivac ( Vertical Variable Pressure Foaming 
Machine) is more durable and comfortable 
than normal foam. Further the usage of this 
technology has resulted in elimination of blowing 
agents like Methylene Chloride, which takes care 
of Environmental concerns. As a group we are 
investing in this technology for future too.
 2. For each such product, provide the following details 
in respect of resource use (energy, water, raw 
material etc.) per unit of product(optional):
(a) Reduction during sourcing/production/ 
distribution achieved since the previous year 
throughout the value chain?
 The Company, through research keeps on 
improving the yield ,thus utilising less raw 
material for good quality end product.
(b) Reduction during usage by consumers (energy, 
water) has been achieved since the previous 
year?
 Constant improvement in quality of product 
ensures longer life for the product of the 
Company, thus saving on utilisation of resources.
===== PAGE 97 =====
66 | Sheela Foam Limited
3. Does the company have procedures in place for 
sustainable sourcing (including transportation)?
(a) If yes, what percentage of your inputs was 
sourced sustainably? Also, provide details 
thereof, in about 50 words or so.
 Company believes in sustainable sourcing and 
logistic solutions, today about 60% of our raw 
material are sourced in bulk. This eliminates 
wastage of packaging material and disposal 
concern. CNG truck used for transportation in 
the North Zone. The company has embarked 
on a new project of High cube containers. This 
enables to carry 10% more cargo. We have 
about 60 of these vehicles plying in North India.
4. Has the company taken any steps to procure goods 
and services from local & small producers, including 
communities surrounding their place of work?
(a) If yes, what steps have been taken to improve 
their capacity and capability of local and small 
vendors?
 The Company encourages procurement of such 
goods and services which are locally available, 
provided these meet the Quality and Cost 
norms. The company has started the concept 
of distributed manufacturing, wherein the local 
person can set up the manufacturing facility and 
supply good quality material to the company. 
The Company provides working capital to such 
manufacturers to support the initial business. 
Some of the mattress cores are pasted by local 
vendors and given to the manufacturing units. 
The company also uses the services of partner 
suppliers in vicinity to stitch mattress covers 
and also quilt fabrics.
5. Does the company have a mechanism to recycle 
products and waste? If yes what is the percentage of 
recycling of products and waste (separately as <5%, 
5-10%, >10%). Also, provide details thereof, in about 
50 words or so.
 Company does have a mechanism to recycle waste. 
Foam constitutes majority of our production and 
90% of the foam scrap is converted into rebonded/
chip foam.
Principle 3
1. Please indicate the Total number of employees.
 Total number of employees as on 31 st March 2022 
were 2779
2. Please indicate the Total number of employees hired 
on temporary/contractual/casual basis- 828
3. Please indicate the Number of permanent women 
employees.
 The number of women employees as on 31 st March 
2022 was 158
4. Please indicate the Number of permanent employees 
with disabilities
 Number of permanent employees with disabilities as 
on 31st March 2022 were 03
5. Do you have an employee association that is 
recognized by management.
 NO
6. What percentage of your permanent employees is 
members of this recognized employee association?
 NOT APPLICABLE
7. Please indicate the Number of complaints relating to 
child labour, forced labour, involuntary labour, sexual 
harassment in the last financial year and pending, as 
on the end of the financial year.
No. Category No of 
complaints 
filed 
during the 
financial 
year
No of 
complaints 
pending as 
on end of 
the financial 
year
1
Child labour/
forced labour/
involuntary labour
NIL NIL
2 Sexual harassment NIL NIL
3 Discriminatory 
employment  NIL NIL
8. What percentage of your under mentioned 
employees were given safety & skill up-gradation 
training in the last year?
 (a) Permanent Employees 70%
 (b) Permanent Women Employees 70%
 (c) Casual/Temporary/Contractual Employees-100%
Principle 4
1. Has the company mapped its internal and external 
stakeholders?
  Yes
2. Out of the above, has the company identified 
the disadvantaged, vulnerable & marginalized 
stakeholders?.
 Yes in the category of Employees, Supplier of Goods 
and Services.
3. Are there any special initiatives taken by the company 
to engage with the disadvantaged, vulnerable and 
marginalized stakeholders. If so, provide details 
thereof, in about 50 words or so.
===== PAGE 98 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 67
 Company provides training to weaker section of 
society on regular basis. Its CSR arm, Sleepwell 
Foundation provides skill development and 
education to under privileged children.
Principle 5
1.  Does the policy of the company on human rights 
cover only the company or extend to the Group/Joint 
Ventures/Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs/Others?
 The policy covers subsidiary and group companies
2.  How many stakeholder complaints have been 
received in the past financial year and what percent 
was satisfactorily resolved by the management?
 No complaint was received by the Company on 
Human rights issue.
Principle 6
1. Does the policy related to Principle 6 cover only the 
company or extends to the Group/Joint Ventures/
Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs/others.
 It extends to the Subsidiary and group companies
2. Does the company have strategies/ initiatives to 
address global environmental issues such as climate 
change, global warming, etc? Y /N. If yes, please give 
hyperlink for webpage etc.
 Company has strategies to address environment risk. 
It invest resources in production processes which 
reduce environment risk like setting up of Vertivac 
Plant (Vertical Variable Pressure Foaming Plant) for 
minimising the risk associated with usage of physical 
blowing agents like methylene chloride in the process.
3. Does the company identify and assess potential 
environmental risks?
 Yes .Globally foam industry is associated with fire 
risk. Company tries to constantly reduce the risk by 
improvement in design and periodic audits by our 
internal/ external resources. Deployment of quick 
response ESFR sprinkler system in storage and 
UPS suppression systems are key actions we have 
initiated.
TDI, which is the main constituent for  manufacturing 
of foam,is a toxic chemical, when inhaled has adverse 
health impact. Care is again taken to improve the impact 
by design and constant vigilant monitoring.
1. Does the company have any project related to Clean 
Development Mechanism? If so, provide details 
thereof, in about 50 words or so. Also, if Yes, whether 
any environmental compliance report is filed?
 Our process does not have sludge or liquid waste 
generation. We however, have a STP (Sewage 
treatment Plant) in compliance of legal regulations. 
Further during cleaning of open areas in our units we 
sprinkle water all around to avoid dust and keep the 
environment clean.
2. Has the company undertaken any other initiatives on – 
clean technology, energy efficiency, renewable energy, 
etc. Y /N. If yes, please give hyperlink for web page etc.
 Company has Installed LED on the street and inside 
the building for conserving energy. The installation is 
complete in almost 70% area.
 Are the Emissions/Waste generated by the company 
within the permissible limits given by CPCB/SPCB 
for the financial year being reported?
 Our process does not have sludge or liquid waste 
generation
 Number of show cause/ legal notices received from 
CPCB/SPCB which are pending (i.e. not resolved to 
satisfaction) as on  end of Financial Year. NIL
Principle 7
1. Is your company a member of any trade and chamber 
or association? If Yes, Name only those major ones 
that your business deals with:
a. Indian Polyurethane Association
b. Industrial associations located at respective 
units
c. Indian Sleep Products Federation
d. ASSOCHEM
e. CII
2. Have you advocated/lobbied through above 
associations for the advancement or improvement 
of public good? Yes/No; if yes specify the broad 
areas ( drop box: Governance and Administration, 
Economic Reforms, Inclusive Development Policies,
 Through the Indian Polyurethane Associationthe 
company has advocated the uniformity of GST rate 
on all kinds of modern mattresses. This has resulted 
in substantial price reduction for Foam and Spring 
Mattresses for the consumers.
Principle 8
1. Does the company have specified programmes/
initiatives/projects in pursuit of the policy related to 
Principle 8? If yes details thereof.
 Company has programs which impact the social and 
economic developments positively. The programs 
are mostly implemented through the CSR arm of 
the Company. These include Wellness programs, 
Swachh Bharat Campaigns, Skill Development 
Programs, Education to girls program etc.
===== PAGE 99 =====
68 | Sheela Foam Limited
2. Are the programmes/projects undertaken through 
in-house team/own foundation/external NGO/
government structures/any other organization?
 The programs are mostly done by Sleepwell 
Foundation
3. Have you done any impact assessment of your 
initiative?
 Through the efforts of Sleepwell Foundation, various 
students got placed after receiving skill development 
training. The Company also encourages employing 
such students who has received training in the 
company ,after their skill development courses are 
complete.
4. What is your company’ s direct contribution to 
community development projects- Amount in INR 
and the details of the projects undertaken.
 The Company and its CSR arm has incurred a sum 
of ` 4.57 crore on health, development of skills and 
education during the year.
5. Have you taken steps to ensure that this community 
development initiative is successfully adopted by 
the community? Please explain in 50 words, or so.
 Company and its CSR arm encourages all 
communities to adopt the development programs 
and it is observed that such programs are well 
received by community.
Principle 9
1. What percentage of customer complaints/consumer 
cases are pending as on the end of financial year.
 As on 31 March, 2022 company has around 5% of 
total consumer complaints pending.
2. Does the company display product information on 
the product label, over and above what is mandated 
as per local laws? Yes/No/N.A. /Remarks(additional 
information)
 Besides the Mandatory requirement, the label also 
provides guidance for effective usage of product.
3. Is there any case filed by any stakeholder against 
the company regarding unfair trade practices, 
irresponsible advertising and/or anti-competitive 
behavior during the last five years and pending as on 
end of financial year. If so, provide details thereof, in 
about 50 words or so.
 There was no case filed for unfair trade practice, 
irresponsible advertising or ant competitive behavior 
over the last 5 years.
4. Did your company carry out any consumer survey/ 
consumer satisfaction trends?
 Surveys are carried out to study satisfaction level 
with reference to Products, Customer handling at 
Dealers end and by Customer Care Department.
===== PAGE 100 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 69
DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY
1. Preamble
 This Policy is drawn by the management to strike the 
right balance between the quantum of Dividend paid 
and amount of profits retained in the business for 
various purposes. Towards this end, the Policy lays 
down parameters to be considered by the Board of 
Directors of the Company for declaration of Dividend 
from time to time.;
2. Company’ s View
 The view of the Company is to maximise the 
shareholders’ wealth in the Company through 
various means. The Company believes that driving 
growth creates maximum shareholder value. Thus, 
the Company would first utilise its profits for working 
capital requirements, capital expenditure to meet 
expansion needs, reducing debt from its books of 
accounts, earmarking reserves for inorganic growth 
opportunities and thereafter distributing the surplus 
profits in the form of dividend to the shareholders.
3.  Regulatory Framework
 The Securities Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) on 
July 8, 2016 inserted Regulation 43A in SEBI(Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, which requires top five hundred 
listed companies (based on market capitalization 
of every financial year) to formulate a Dividend 
Distribution Policy.
4.  Parameters for declaration of Dividend
 In line with the company’ s view stated above in 
Clause 2, the Board of Directors of the Company, shall 
consider the following parameters for declaration of 
Dividend:
  Financial Parameters / Internal Factors:
 The Board of Directors of the Company would 
consider the following financial
 parameters before declaring or recommending 
dividend to shareholders:
  Consolidated net operating profit after tax;
  Working capital requirements;
  Capital expenditure requirements;
  Resources required to fund acquisitions 
and / or new businesses
   Cash flow required to meet contingencies;
  Outstanding borrowings;
  Past Dividend Trends
   External Factors:
 The Board of Directors of the Company would 
consider the following external factors
 before declaring or recommending dividend to 
shareholders:
  Prevailing legal requirements, regulatory 
conditions or restrictions laid down under 
the Applicable Laws including tax laws;
  Dividend pay-out ratios of companies in 
the same/similar industry.
  	 	Circumstances under which the shareholders 
may or may not expect Dividend:
 The shareholders of the Company may 
not expect Dividend under the following 
circumstances:
  Whenever the Company undertakes 
or proposes to undertake a significant 
expansion project requiring higher 
allocation of capital;
  Significantly higher working capital 
requirements adversely impacting free 
cash flow;
  Whenever it undertakes any acquisitions 
or joint ventures requiring significant 
allocation of capital;
  Whenever it proposes to utilise surplus 
cash for buy-back of securities; or
  In the event of inadequacy of profits or 
whenever the Company has incurred 
losses.
   Utilization of retained earnings:
 The Company may declare dividend out of the 
profits of the Company for the year or out of 
the profits for any previous year or years or out 
of the free reserves available for distribution 
of Dividend, after having due regard to the 
parameters laid down in this Policy.
5 Procedures
 The Chief Financial Officer in consultation 
with the MD of the Company shall recommend 
any amount to be declared/ recommended 
as Dividend to the Board of Directors of the 
Company.
===== PAGE 101 =====
70 | Sheela Foam Limited
 The agenda of the Board of Directors where 
Dividend declaration or recommendation is 
proposed shall contain the rationale of the 
proposal.
 Pursuant to the provisions of applicable laws 
and this Policy, interim Dividend approved 
by the Board of Directors will be confirmed 
by the shareholders and final Dividend, if any, 
recommended by the Board of Directors, will be 
subject to shareholders approval, at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting of the Company.
 The Company shall ensure compliance of 
provisions of Applicable Laws and this Policy in 
relation to Dividend declared by the Company.
6 Disclosure: The Company shall make appropriate 
disclosures as required under the SEBI Regulations.
7 General
 This Policy would be subject to revision/
amendment in accordance with the guidelines as 
may be issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs, 
Securities Exchange Board of India or such other 
regulatory authority as may be authorized, from 
time to time, on the subject matter.
 The Company reserves its right to alter, modify, 
add, delete or amend any of the provisions of 
this Policy.
 In case of any amendment(s), clarification(s), 
circular(s) etc. issued by the relevant 
authorities, not being consistent with the 
provisions laid down under this Policy, then 
such amendment(s), clarification(s), circular(s) 
etc. shall prevail upon the provisions hereunder 
and this Policy shall stand amended accordingly 
from the effective date as laid down under such 
amendment(s), clarification(s), circular(s) etc.
===== PAGE 102 =====
Financial  
Statements
===== PAGE 103 =====
72 | Sheela Foam Limited
Independent Auditor’ s Report 
To the Members Of Sheela Foam Limited
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE STANDALONE 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OPINION
We have audited the standalone financial statements of 
Sheela Foam Limited, which comprise the Balance Sheet 
as at March 31, 2022, and the Statement of Profit and 
Loss, Statement of Changes in Equity and Statement of 
Cash Flows for the year then ended, and notes to the 
standalone financial statements, including a summary 
of significant accounting policies and other explanatory 
information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid 
standalone financial statements give the information 
required by the Companies Act, 2013 in the manner so 
required and give a true and fair view in conformity with 
the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 
133 of the Act read with Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended and other accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, of the state of 
affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2022 and profit, 
changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended 
on that date.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards 
on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of 
the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are 
further described in the Auditor’ s Responsibilities for the 
Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section 
of our report. We are independent of the Company in 
accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together with 
the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of 
the standalone financial statements under the provisions 
of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled 
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe 
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our 
professional judgment, were of most significance in our 
audit of the standalone financial statements for the year 
ended March 31, 2022. These matters were addressed 
in the context of our audit of the standalone financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion 
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on 
these matters.
DESCRIPTION OF KEY AUDIT MATTER
Investment in subsidiaries
Refer Note 6 and Note 7 to the standalone financial 
statements.
The Company has investments in subsidiaries at a 
gross value of ` 22,657 lakhs as on March 31, 2022. 
In accordance with Ind AS 36 - Impairment of assets, 
at each reporting period end, management assesses 
the existence of impairment indicators of investments 
in subsidiaries. Processes and methodologies for 
assessing and determining the recoverable amount of 
each investments are based on complex assumptions, 
that by their nature imply the use of the management’ s 
judgment, in particular with reference to identification 
of impairment indicators, forecast of future cash flows 
relating to the period covered by the Company’ s strategic 
business plan, normalized cash flows assumed as a basis 
for terminal value, as well as the long-term growth rates 
and discount rates applied to such forecasted cash flows.
Since the amount of investment in subsidiary is material 
and involves significant management judgement and 
estimation, we have identified this as a key audit matter.
DESCRIPTION OF AUDITOR’S RESPONSE
We evaluated the judgement and estimation used by 
management in recognising the impairment provision 
in case of investment in subsidiaries. Our procedures 
included, but were not limited to the following:
1.  Obtained understanding of the Company’ s policy 
on assessment of impairment of investments 
in subsidiaries and the assumption used by the 
management, including design and implementation 
of controls, validation of management review 
controls;
2.  Verified the operating effectiveness of the controls 
on a sample basis;
3.  Evaluated management’ s methodology, assumptions 
and estimates used in the calculations;
4.  Verified completeness, arithmetical accuracy and 
validity of the data used in the calculations; and
5.  Evaluated the appropriateness of the disclosures 
made in the financial statement in relation to the 
above as required under applicable accounting 
standards.
===== PAGE 104 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 73
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE STANDALONE 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S 
REPORT THEREON
The Company’ s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
other information. The other information comprises the 
information included in the Director’ s report etc but does 
not include the standalone financial statements and our 
auditor’ s report thereon.
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does 
not cover the other information and we do not express 
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other 
information is materially inconsistent with the standalone 
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the 
audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, 
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that 
there is a material misstatement of this other information, 
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to 
report in this regard.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND 
THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE 
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Company’ s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to 
the preparation of these standalone financial statements 
that give a true and fair view of the financial position, 
financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows 
of the Company in accordance with the accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, including the 
Accounting Standards specified under section 133 of 
the Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance 
of adequate accounting records in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of 
the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds 
and other irregularities; selection and application of 
appropriate accounting policies; making judgments 
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls, that were operating effectively 
for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the standalone financial statement 
that give a true and fair view and are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone financial statements, the 
Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the 
Company’ s ability to continue as a going concern, 
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate 
the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic 
alternative but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for 
overseeing the Company’ s financial reporting process.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT 
OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether the standalone financial statements as 
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’ s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high 
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a 
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can 
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, 
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably 
be expected to influence the economic decisions of 
users taken on the basis of these standalone financial 
statements.
We give in “ Annexure A” a detailed description of Auditor’ s 
responsibilities for Audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements.
OTHER MATTER
The standalone Ind AS financial statements of the 
Company for the year ended March 31, 2021, were 
audited by another auditor whose report dated ¬¬¬May 
29, 2021 expressed an unmodified opinion on those 
financial statements.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS
1.  As required by the Companies (Auditor’ s Report) 
Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central 
Government of India in terms of sub-section (11) 
of section 143 of the Act, we give in “ Annexure B” a 
statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 
and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2.  As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report 
that:
 (a)  We have sought and obtained all the information 
and explanations which to the best of our 
knowledge and belief were necessary for the 
purposes of our audit.
 (b)  In our opinion, proper books of account as 
required by law have been kept by the Company 
so far as it appears from our examination of 
those books.
 (c)  The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit 
and Loss, the Statement of Changes in Equity 
and the Statement of Cash Flow dealt with by 
this Report are in agreement with the books of 
account.
===== PAGE 105 =====
74 | Sheela Foam Limited
 (d)  In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial 
statements comply with the Accounting 
Standards specified under Section 133 of 
the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014.
 (e)  On the basis of the written representations 
received from the directors as on March 31, 2022 
taken on record by the Board of Directors, none 
of the directors are disqualified as on March 
31, 2022 from being appointed as a director in 
terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
 (f)  With respect to the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls with reference to standalone 
financial statements of the Company and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls, refer 
to our separate Report in “ Annexure C” .
 (g)  With respect to the other matters to be included 
in the Auditor’ s Report in accordance with Rule 
11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations 
given to us:
  i.  The Company has disclosed the impact of 
pending litigations on its financial position 
in its standalone financial statements – 
Refer Note 51 to the standalone financial 
statements;
  ii.  The Company did not have any long-term 
contracts including derivative contracts for 
which there were any material foreseeable 
losses.
  iii.  There were no amounts which were 
required to be transferred to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund by the 
Company
  iv. (1)  The Management has represented 
that, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, as disclosed in the Note 61(i) to 
the standalone financial statements, 
no funds have been advanced or 
loaned or invested (either from 
borrowed funds or share premium or 
any other sources or kind of funds) 
by the Company to or in any other 
person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), 
with the understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Intermediary shall, directly 
or indirectly lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in 
any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Company (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on 
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
   (2)  The Management has represented 
that, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, as disclosed in the Note 61(ii) to 
the standalone financial statements, 
no funds have been received by the 
Company from any entity, including 
foreign entities, that the Company 
has directly or indirectly, lend or 
invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Party 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide 
any guarantee, security or the like on 
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
   (3)  Based on our audit procedures which 
we have considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances 
and according to the information and 
explanations provided to us by the 
Management in this regard, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused 
us to believe that the representations 
made by the Management under sub-
clause (i) and (ii) contain any material 
misstatement.
  v.  The Company has neither declared nor 
paid any dividend during the year.
3.  As required by The Companies (Amendment) Act, 
2017, in our opinion, according to information, 
explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by 
the Company to its directors is within the limits laid 
prescribed under Section 197 of the Act and the rules 
thereunder.
For M S K A & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No. 105047W
Manish P Bathija
Partner
Place: Gurugram  Membership No. 216706
Date: May 12, 2022  UDIN: 22216706AIVAKD2031
===== PAGE 106 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 75
Annexure A to the Independent 
Auditor’ s Report
On even date on the standalone financial statements of sheela foam limited
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT 
OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
•  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement 
of the standalone financial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit 
procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain 
audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not 
detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, 
as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of 
internal control.
•  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant 
to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under 
section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible 
for expressing our opinion on whether the company 
has internal financial controls with reference to 
standalone financial statements in place and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls.
•  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies 
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by management.
•  Conclude on the appropriateness of management’ s 
use of the going concern basis of accounting and, 
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether 
a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
Company’ s ability to continue as a going concern. 
If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we are required to draw attention in our auditor’ s 
report to the related disclosures in the standalone 
financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions 
are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the 
date of our auditor’ s report. However, future events 
or conditions may cause the Company to cease to 
continue as a going concern.
•  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and 
content of the standalone financial statements, 
including the disclosures, and whether the 
standalone financial statements represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, 
including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with 
a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to 
communicate with them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged 
with governance, we determine those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the standalone 
financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2022 
and are therefore, the key audit matters. We describe 
these matters in our auditor’ s report unless law or 
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter 
or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine 
that a matter should not be communicated in our report 
because the adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
For M S K A & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No. 105047W
Manish P Bathija
Partner
Place: Gurugram  Membership No. 216706
Date: May 12, 2022  UDIN: 22216706AIVAKD2031
===== PAGE 107 =====
76 | Sheela Foam Limited
Annexure B to Independent  
Auditors’ Report 
Of even date on the standalone financial statements of sheela foam limited for the year ended march 2022
[Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other 
Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ in the Independent 
Auditors’ Report]
i. (a) A.  The Company has maintained proper 
records showing full particulars including 
quantitative details and situation of 
Property, Plant and Equipment.
  B.  The Company does not have intangible 
assets. Accordingly, the provisions stated 
in paragraph 3 (i) (a) (B) related to intangible 
assets are not applicable to the Company.
 (b)  Property, Plant and Equipment have been 
physically verified by the management at 
reasonable intervals during the year and no 
material discrepancies were identified on such 
verification.
 (c)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, the title deeds 
of immovable properties (other than properties 
where the Company is the lessee and the lease 
agreements are duly executed in favour of the 
lessee) as disclosed in the financial statements 
are held in the name of the Company.
 (d)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us, the Company has not revalued 
its Property, Plant and Equipment (including 
Right of Use Assets). The Company does 
not have intangible assets. Accordingly, the 
requirements under paragraph 3(i)(d) of the 
Order are not applicable to the Company.
 (e)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us, no proceeding has been 
initiated or pending against the Company for 
holding benami property under the Benami 
Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 and rules 
made thereunder. Accordingly, the provisions 
stated in paragraph 3(i) (e) of the Order are not 
applicable to the Company.
ii. (a)  The inventory has been physically verified 
during the year by the management. In our 
opinion, the frequency of verification, coverage 
and procedure of such verification is reasonable 
and appropriate. No material discrepancies 
were noticed on such verification.
 (b)  The Company has been sanctioned working 
capital limits in excess of `5 crores in aggregate 
from Banks on the basis of security of current 
assets. Monthly returns/ statements are filed 
with such Banks are in agreement with the 
books of account.
iii. (a)  According to the information and explanation 
provided to us, the Company has made 
investments in, provided guarantees and 
granted loans to any other entity.
(A) The details of such loans or advances and guarantees or investment to subsidiaries are as follows:
 (Amount in lacs)
Guarantees Security Loans  
(excluding interest)
Investments
Aggregate amount granted/ provided during the year  
 - Subsidiaries 7,600 - 10,800 3,000
Balance Outstanding as at balance sheet date in 
respect of above cases  
 - Subsidiaries
29,300 - 7,770 22,657
(B) The details of such loans or advances and guarantees or security to parties other than subsidiary are as follows:
 (Amount in lacs)
Guarantees Security Loans  
(excluding interest)
Investments
Aggregate amount granted/provided during the year 
 - Others - - 767 -
Balance Outstanding as at balance sheet date in 
respect of above cases 
 - Others
- - 1,201 -
===== PAGE 108 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 77
 (b)  In relation to investments, guarantees provided, 
securities given, according to the information 
and explanations given to us and based on the 
audit procedures performed by us, we are of the 
opinion that the terms and conditions of the 
loans and advances provided are not prejudicial 
to the interest of the Company.
 (c)  In case of the loans and advances in the nature 
of loan, schedule of repayment of principal and 
payment of interest have been stipulated and 
the borrowers have been regular in the payment 
of the principal and interest.
 (d)  There are no amounts overdue for more than 
ninety days in respect of the loan granted to 
Company/ Firm/ LLP/ Other Parties.
 (e)  According to the information explanation 
provided to us, the loan or advance in the nature 
of loan granted has not fallen due during the 
year. Hence, the requirements under paragraph 
3(iii) (e) of the Order are not applicable to the 
Company.
 (f)  According to the information explanation 
provided to us, the Company has not granted 
any loans and/ or advances in the nature of 
loans which are either repayable on demand 
or without specifying any terms or period of 
repayment. Hence, the requirements under 
paragraph 3(iii)(f) of the Order are not applicable 
to the Company.
iv.  In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us, the Company has 
not either directly or indirectly, granted any loan to 
any of its directors or to any other person in whom 
the director is interested, in accordance with the 
provisions of section 185 of the Act and the Company 
has not made investments through more than two 
layers of investment companies in accordance with 
the provisions of section 186 of the Act. Accordingly, 
provisions stated in paragraph 3(iv) of the Order are 
not applicable to the Company.
v.  In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us, there are no amounts 
outstanding which are in the nature of deposits as on 
March 31, 2022 and the Company has not accepted 
any deposits during the year.
vi.  We have broadly reviewed the books of account 
relating to materials, labour and other items of cost 
maintained by the Company pursuant as specified 
by the Central Government for the maintenance of 
cost records under sub-section (1) of section 148 of 
the Act and we are of the opinion that prima facie 
the prescribed accounts and records have been 
made and maintained. We have not, however, made 
a detailed examination of the records with a view to 
determine whether they are accurate or complete
vii. (a)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and the records of the Company 
examined by us, in our opinion, undisputed 
statutory dues including goods and service tax, 
provident fund, employees’ state insurance, 
income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of 
customs, duty of excise, value added tax, cess 
have been regularly deposited by the Company 
with appropriate authorities in all cases during 
the year.
   According to the information and explanations 
given to us, no undisputed amounts payable 
in respect of provident fund, employees’ state 
insurance, income-tax, service tax, sales-tax, 
duty of custom, duty of excise, value added tax, 
goods and service tax, cess and other statutory 
dues were outstanding, at the year end, for a 
period of more than six months from the date 
they became payable.
===== PAGE 109 =====
78 | Sheela Foam Limited
 (b)  According to the information and explanation given to us and examination of records of the Company, the 
outstanding dues of income-tax, goods and service tax, customs duty, cess and any other statutory dues on 
account of any dispute, are as follows:
(Amount in lacs)
Name of the statute Nature of 
dues
Amount ` Amount 
Paid under 
Protest
Period to which 
the amount 
relates (FY)
Forum where dispute is 
pending
Central Excise Tax Act, 1944 Excise Duty 123.85 - 2011-2012 & 
2012-2013
The Customs Excise and 
Service Tax Appellate Tribunal 
Kolkata
241.06 9.04 February 2017 
to June 2017
Commissioner (Appeal) 
Kolkata
45.65 1.69 2016-17 & 
2017-18
Commissioner (Appeal), 
Siliguri 
Income Tax Act,1961 Income Tax 439.12 40.00 2013-2014 Delhi High Court
The Central Sales Tax Act, 
1956 and The Sikkim Sales 
Tax Act, 1983
Sales Tax 46.00 46.00 2003-2004 & 
2004-2005
Supreme Court
The Central Sales Tax Act, 
1956 and The Sikkim Sales 
Tax Act, 1983
Sales Tax 393.99 393.99 2005-06 to 
2011-12
Additional Commissioner 
Commercial tax
The West Bengal Value 
Added Tax Act, 2003
Sales Tax 40.98 0.30 2012-2013 Sales Tax Appellate Tribunal, 
West Bengal
West Bengal Tax on Entry of 
Goods into Local Areas Act, 
2012 
Entry Tax 28.87 - 2012-13 & 2013-
14
Supreme Court
West Bengal Tax on Entry of 
Goods into Local Areas Act, 
2012 
Entry Tax 107.51 - 2014-15 to 
2017-18
Supreme Court
Uttar Pradesh Tax on Entry 
of Goods into Local Areas 
Act, 2007 
Entry Tax 57.72 28.86 2001-2012 Allahabad High Court
viii.  According to the information and explanations 
given to us, there are no transactions which are not 
accounted in the books of account which have been 
surrendered or disclosed as income during the year 
in Tax Assessment of the Company. Also, there are 
no previously unrecorded income which has been 
now recorded in the books of account. Hence, the 
provision stated in paragraph 3(viii) of the Order is 
not applicable to the Company.
ix.  The Company does not have any loans or 
borrowings and repayment to lenders during the 
year. Accordingly, the provision stated in paragraph 
3(ix) (a) to (f) of the Order is not applicable to the 
Company.
x. (a)  The Company did not raise any money by way 
of initial public offer or further public offer 
(including debt instruments) during the year. 
Accordingly, the provisions stated in paragraph 
3 (x)(a) of the Order are not applicable to the 
Company.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and based on our examination of 
the records of the Company, the Company has 
not made any preferential allotment or private 
placement of shares or fully, partly or optionally 
convertible debentures during the year. 
Accordingly, the provisions stated in paragraph 
3 (x)(b) of the Order are not applicable to the 
Company.
xi. (a)  During the course of our audit, examination of 
the books and records of the Company, carried 
out in accordance with the generally accepted 
auditing practices in India, and according to 
the information and explanations given to us, 
we have neither come across any instance 
of material fraud by the Company or on the 
Company.
 (b)  We have not come across of any instance 
of material fraud by the Company or on 
the Company during the course of audit of 
the standalone financial statement for the 
year ended March 31, 2022, accordingly the 
provisions stated in paragraph (xi)(b) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company.
 (c)  As represented to us by the management, there 
are no whistle-blower complaints received 
by the Company during the course of audit. 
Accordingly, the provisions stated in paragraph 
(xi)(c) of the Order is not applicable to Company.
===== PAGE 110 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 79
xii.  In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us, the Company is not a 
Nidhi Company. Accordingly, the provisions stated 
in paragraph 3(xii) (a) to (c) of the Order are not 
applicable to the Company.
xiii.  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and based on our examination of the records 
of the Company, transactions with the related 
parties are in compliance with sections 177 and 
188 of the Act, where applicable and details of such 
transactions have been disclosed in the standalone 
financial statements as required by the applicable 
accounting standards.
xiv. (a)  In our opinion and based on our examination, 
the Company has an internal audit system 
commensurate with the size and nature of its 
business.
 (b)  We have considered internal audit reports 
issued by internal auditors during our audit.
xv.  According to the information and explanations given 
to us, in our opinion during the year the Company 
has not entered into non-cash transactions with 
directors or persons connected with its directors 
and hence, provisions of section 192 of the Act 
are not applicable to Company. Accordingly, the 
provisions stated in paragraph 3(xv) of the Order are 
not applicable to the Company.
xvi. (a)  In our opinion, the Company is not required to 
be registered under Section 45 IA of the Reserve 
Bank of India Act, 1934 and accordingly, the 
provisions stated in paragraph clause 3 (xvi)(a) 
of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
 (b)  In our opinion, the Company has not conducted 
any Non-Banking Financial or Housing Finance 
activities without any valid Certificate of 
Registration from Reserve Bank of India. Hence, 
the reporting under paragraph clause 3 (xvi)(b) 
of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
 (c)  The Company is not a Core investment 
Company (CIC) as defined in the regulations 
made by Reserve Bank of India. Hence, the 
reporting under paragraph clause 3 (xvi)(c) of 
the Order are not applicable to the Company.
 (d)  The Company does not have any CIC as part 
of its group. Hence the provisions stated in 
paragraph clause 3 xvi (d) of the order are not 
applicable to the Company.
xvii.  According to the information explanation provided 
to us, the Company has not incurred cash losses 
in the current financial year and in the immediately 
preceding financial year. Hence, the provisions 
stated in paragraph clause 3 (xvii) of the Order are 
not applicable to the Company.
xviii.  There has been no resignation of the statutory 
auditors during the year. Hence, the provisions 
stated in paragraph clause 3 (xviii) of the Order are 
not applicable to the Company.
xix.  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and based on our examination of financial 
ratios, ageing and expected date of realisation of 
financial assets and payment of liabilities, other 
information accompanying the standalone financial 
statements, our knowledge of the Board of Directors 
and management plans, we are of the opinion that 
no material uncertainty exists as on the date of audit 
report and the Company is capable of meeting its 
liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and 
when they fall due within a period of one year from 
the balance sheet date.
xx.  According to the information and explanations 
given to us, the provisions of section 135 of the Act 
are applicable to the Company. The Company has 
made the required contributions during the year and 
there are no unspent amounts which are required 
to be transferred to the special account as on the 
date of our audit report. Accordingly, the provisions 
of paragraph (xx)(a) to (b) of the Order are not 
applicable to the Company.
For M S K A & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No. 105047W
Manish P Bathija
Partner
Place: Gurugram  Membership No. 216706
Date: May 12, 2022  UDIN: 22216706AIVAKD2031
===== PAGE 111 =====
80 | Sheela Foam Limited
Annexure C to the Independent 
Auditor’ s Report 
Of even date on the standalone financial statements of sheela foam limited
[Referred to in paragraph 2(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ in the Independent 
Auditors’ Report of even date to the Members of Sheela Foam Limited on the Financial Statements for the year ended  
March 31, 2022]
REPORT ON THE INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS 
UNDER CLAUSE (I) OF SUB-SECTION 3 OF SECTION 143 
OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (“THE ACT”)
OPINION
We have audited the internal financial controls with 
reference to standalone financial statements of Sheela 
Foam Limited as of March 31, 2022 in conjunction with 
our audit of the standalone financial statements of the 
Company for the year ended on that date.
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, 
an adequate internal financial controls with reference 
to standalone financial statements and such internal 
financial controls with reference to standalone financial 
statements were operating effectively as at March 31, 
2022, based on the internal control with reference to 
standalone financial statements criteria established by 
the Company considering the essential components of 
internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit 
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 
(ICAI) (the “Guidance Note”).
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR 
INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The Company’ s Management is responsible for 
establishing and maintaining internal financial controls 
based on the internal control with reference to standalone 
financial statements criteria established by the Company 
considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal 
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) 
(the “Guidance Note”). These responsibilities include the 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls that were operating effectively 
for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its 
business, including adherence to Company’ s policies, the 
safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection 
of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of 
the accounting records, and the timely preparation of 
reliable financial information, as required under the Act.
AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the 
Company’ s internal financial controls with reference to 
standalone financial statements based on our audit. We 
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance 
Note and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and 
deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act, 
to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial 
controls. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require 
that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether internal financial controls with reference to 
standalone financial statements was established and 
maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all 
material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain 
audit evidence about the internal financial controls 
with reference to standalone financial statements and 
their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal 
financial controls with reference to standalone financial 
statements included obtaining an understanding of 
internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
financial statements, assessing the risk that a material 
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on 
the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on 
the auditor’ s judgement, including the assessment of the 
risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Company’ s internal financial controls with 
reference to standalone financial statements.
MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS 
WITH REFERENCE TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
A Company’ s internal financial control with reference to 
standalone financial statements is a process designed 
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of standalone 
financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. A 
Company’ s internal financial control with reference to 
standalone financial statements includes those policies 
and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of 
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly 
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets 
of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance 
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of standalone financial statements in 
===== PAGE 112 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 81
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, 
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
management and directors of the company; and (3) 
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’ s assets that could have a 
material effect on the standalone financial statements.
INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL 
FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO 
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls with reference to standalone financial 
statements, including the possibility of collusion or 
improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not 
be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the 
internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
financial statements to future periods are subject to the 
risk that the internal financial control with reference to 
standalone financial statements may become inadequate 
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree 
of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.
For M S K A & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No. 105047W
Manish P Bathija
Partner
Place: Gurugram  Membership No. 216706
Date: May 12, 2022  UDIN: 22216706AIVAKD2031
===== PAGE 113 =====
82 | Sheela Foam Limited
Balance Sheet
as at 31 March, 2022
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Note 
no.
As at 
March 31, 2022
As at 
March 31, 2021
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 3  23,501.54 25,355.39 
Capital work in progress 3  63.78  117.06 
Right of use assets 4  1,835.12  2,014.98 
Investment property 5  362.70  384.44 
Investments in subsidiaries 6  19,667.38  21,371.45 
Financial assets
(i)  Investment in preference shares 7  2,990.00  -   
(ii)  Other investments 8  52,883.17  30,359.99 
(iii)  Loans 9  7,778.00  4,860.79 
(iv)  Other financial assets 10  1,802.46  212.75 
Non current tax assets (net) 11  445.33  32.41 
Other non-current assets 12  260.02  264.38 
Total non current assets  111,589.50  84,973.64 
Current assets
Inventories 13  20,346.61  22,831.92 
Financial assets
(i)  Investments 14  8,398.45  10,600.33 
(ii)  Trade receivables 15  15,163.44  16,304.60 
(iii)  Cash and cash equivalents 16  1,431.36  3,503.54 
(iv)  Other bank balances 17  31.58  47.63 
(v)  Loans 18  555.07  555.24 
(vi) Other financial assets 19  2,925.59  868.95 
 Other current assets 20  1,937.78  2,415.50 
Total current assets  50,789.88  57,127.71 
Total assets  162,379.38  142,101.35 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Equity share capital 21  2,439.14  2,439.14 
Other equity 22  118,513.31  98,898.18 
Total equity  120,952.45  101,337.32 
Non-current liabilities
Financial liabilities
(i)  Lease liabilities 23  1,826.72  190.69 
(ii)  Other non current financial liabilities 24  5,034.08  5,018.13 
Long-term provisions 25  1,408.32  462.13 
Other non current liabilities 26  22.70  25.54 
Deferred tax liabilities (net) 27  482.45  828.98 
Total non current liability  8,774.27  6,525.47 
Current liabilities
 Financial liabilities
(i)  Lease liabilities 23  113.12  8.50 
(ii)  Trade payables
 -  Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 28  444.61  1,168.31 
 -  Total outstanding dues of creditors other than microenterprises 
and small enterprises 28  20,503.08  22,161.47 
(iii)  Other financial liabilities 29  4,130.88  3,811.53 
 Short-term provisions 25  247.66  435.21 
 Other current liabilities 30  7,213.31  6,653.54 
Total current liabilities  32,652.66  34,238.56 
Total liabilities  41,426.93  40,764.03 
Total equity and liabilities  162,379.38  142,101.35 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these standalone financial statements.
As per our Report of even date
For MSKA & ASSOCIATES For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Chartered Accountants Sheela Foam Limited
Firm Registration No.: 105047W CIN: L74899DL1971PLC005679
Manish P Bathija Rahul Gautam T ushaar Gautam Nikhil Ghanashyam Datye
Partner Managing Director Whole Time Director Chief Financial Officer
Membership No.: 216706 DIN:00192999 DIN:01646487
Md. Iquebal Ahmad
Company Secretary
Place: Gurugram Place: Noida Membership No.: A20921
Date: May 12, 2022 Date: May 12, 2022
===== PAGE 114 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 83
Statement of Profit and loss
for the year ended 31 March, 2022
(` in Lakhs)
Note 
no.
For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Income
Revenue from operations 31  212,443.99  169,386.02 
Other income 32  7,022.38  4,743.28 
Total Income  219,466.37  174,129.30 
Expenses
Cost of materials consumed 33  125,119.54  95,658.08 
Purchase of stock in trade 34  5,331.06  1,799.48 
Other manufacturing expenses 35  3,401.82  2,641.49 
Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work in progress 36  (865.63)  (849.70)
Employee benefits expense 37  13,188.01  11,972.11 
Finance costs 38  710.95  868.03 
Depreciation and amortisation expense 39  3,238.96  3,252.55 
Other expenses 40  42,885.27  34,441.40 
Total Expenses  193,009.98  149,783.44 
Profit before tax  26,456.39  24,345.86 
Tax expense 58
Current tax  7,093.70  6,122.89 
Tax expenses related to earlier years  (22.27)  (42.32)
Deferred tax (credit)/charge 27  (346.52)  150.33 
Total tax expense  6,724.91  6,230.90 
Profit for the year  19,731.48  18,114.96 
Other comprehensive income
(i)   Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Remeasurements of 
the net defined benefit plans  (479.40)  180.45 
(ii)   Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss Fair value gain on 
investments  323.91  100.06 
(iii) Income tax effect on these items  on (i) & (ii)  39.13  (70.60)
 (116.36)  209.91 
Total comprehensive income for the year  19,615.12  18,324.87 
Earnings per equity share
Basic and diluted 41  40.45  37.13 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these standalone financial statements.
As per our Report of even date
For MSKA & ASSOCIATES For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Chartered Accountants Sheela Foam Limited
Firm Registration No.: 105047W CIN: L74899DL1971PLC005679
Manish P Bathija Rahul Gautam T ushaar Gautam Nikhil Ghanashyam Datye
Partner Managing Director Whole Time Director Chief Financial Officer
Membership No.: 216706 DIN:00192999 DIN:01646487
Md. Iquebal Ahmad
Company Secretary
Place: Gurugram Place: Noida Membership No.: A20921
Date: May 12, 2022 Date: May 12, 2022
===== PAGE 115 =====
84 | Sheela Foam Limited
A. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
(` in Lakhs)
 Number of shares  Amount 
Balance as at April 01, 2020  48,782,808  2,439.14 
Add: Issued during the year  -    -   
Balance as at March 31, 2021  48,782,808  2,439.14 
Add: Issued during the year  -    -   
Balance as at March 31, 2022  48,782,808  2,439.14 
B.  OTHER EQUITY
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars  Retained earnings  Capital reserve General Reserve  Total 
Balance as at April 01, 2020  78,528.47  328.57  1,716.27  80,573.31 
Profit for the year  18,114.96  -    -    18,114.96 
Other Comprehensive Gain for the year 
(net of tax)  209.91  -    -    209.91 
Total comprehensive income for the year  96,853.34  328.57  1,716.27  98,898.18 
Balance as at March 31, 2021  96,853.34  328.57  1,716.27  98,898.18 
Profit for the year  19,731.48  -    -    19,731.48 
Other Comprehensive Gain for the year 
(net of tax)  (116.35)  -    -    (116.35)
Total comprehensive income for the year  19,615.13  -    -    19,615.13 
Balance as at March 31, 2022  116,468.47  328.57  1,716.27  118,513.31 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these standalone financial statements.
As per our Report of even date
For MSKA & ASSOCIATES For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Chartered Accountants Sheela Foam Limited
Firm Registration No.: 105047W CIN: L74899DL1971PLC005679
Manish P Bathija Rahul Gautam T ushaar Gautam Nikhil Ghanashyam Datye
Partner Managing Director Whole Time Director Chief Financial Officer
Membership No.: 216706 DIN:00192999 DIN:01646487
Md. Iquebal Ahmad
Company Secretary
Place: Gurugram Place: Noida Membership No.: A20921
Date: May 12, 2022 Date: May 12, 2022
Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended March 31, 2022
===== PAGE 116 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 85
Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31, 2022
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
A. Cash flow from operating activities
 Profit for the year  26,456.39  24,345.86 
  Adjustments for:
   Depreciation and amortisation expense  3,238.96  3,252.55 
   Finance costs  710.95  868.17 
   Advances/Balances written off  -    59.67 
   Provision for doubtful receivables  -    (51.19)
   Bad debts written off  -    69.88 
   Fair value gain on investments (net)  382.97  (366.51)
   Profit on sale of investments (net)  (1,228.48)  (1,675.87)
   Liabilities/provisions no longer required written back  (59.43)  (15.62)
   Unrealised foreign exchange (Gain) /loss (net)  (684.71)  (32.98)
   Interest income  (3,980.33)  (1,668.78)
   Assets written off  -    13.26 
   (Loss)/Profit on sale of property, plant and equipment (net)  (107.95)  1.84 
 Operating profit before working capital changes  24,728.37  24,800.29 
  Changes in working capital:
   Decrease/(Increase) in Inventories  2,485.31  (6,314.41)
   Decrease/(Increase) in loans and trade receivables  1,146.91  (3,750.19)
    (Increase)/Decrease in other financial and non-financial assets  (2,211.83)  741.88 
   (Decrease)/Increase in trade payables  (1,637.95)  4,648.09 
    Increase in lease liabilities, other financial liabilities, non-financial 
liabilities and provisions  2,325.19  2,904.66 
 Cash generated from operations  26,835.99  23,030.31 
   Income tax paid (net of refunds)  (7,032.31)  (5,219.18)
 Net cash flow from operating activities (A)  19,803.68  17,811.13 
B. Cash flow from investing activities
    Towards property, plant and equipment including capital work in 
progress, Right of Use assets and Investment Property  (1,699.93)  (1,667.50)
    Proceeds from Sales (Net of adjusment) of property, plant and 
equipment  438.30  90.82 
   Deposits matured/made during the year (net)  -    3.44 
   Investment in shares of Subsidiary Company  (1,285.94)  1.02 
   Investment in bonds, debentures and mutual funds (net)  (19,799.70)  (15,842.80)
   Loans & advances given to Subsidairy Company  (2,922.79)  (96.48)
   Repayment loans & advances by Subsidairy Company  -    506.42 
   Rental income finance lease  72.00  -   
   Interest income  3,925.91  693.03 
 Net cash flow used in investing activities (B)  (21,272.15)  (16,312.06)
C. Cash flow from financing activities
   Repayment of unsecured short term borrowings  -    (2.45)
   Payment of lease liabilities (principal and interest)  (195.32)  (38.77)
===== PAGE 117 =====
86 | Sheela Foam Limited
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
   Finance costs  (408.39)  (843.76)
 Net Cash outflow from Financing Activities (C)  (603.71)  (884.98)
 Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)  (2,072.18)  614.09 
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  3,503.54  2,889.45 
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  1,431.36  3,503.54 
Notes :
1.   The above cash flow statement has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” as set out in Indian Accounting Standard-7, 
“Statement of Cash Flows” .
2.  Components of cash and cash equivalents:
(` in Lakhs)
As at 
March 31, 2022
As at 
March 31, 2021
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash on hand  15.65  11.81 
Deposits having original maturity of less than 3 months  933.87  2,400.00 
Balance with banks in current accounts  481.84  1,091.73 
Balance as per Statement of Cash Flows  1,431.36  3,503.54 
As per our Report of even date
For MSKA & ASSOCIATES For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Chartered Accountants Sheela Foam Limited
Firm Registration No.: 105047W CIN: L74899DL1971PLC005679
Manish P Bathija Rahul Gautam T ushaar Gautam Nikhil Ghanashyam Datye
Partner Managing Director Whole Time Director Chief Financial Officer
Membership No.: 216706 DIN:00192999 DIN:01646487
Md. Iquebal Ahmad
Company Secretary
Place: Gurugram Place: Noida Membership No.: A20921
Date: May 12, 2022 Date: May 12, 2022
Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31, 2022
===== PAGE 118 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 87
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
1. COMPANY INFORMATION
  Sheela Foam Limited (‘the Company’) is a ISO 
9001:2000 public limited company incorporated in 
India, with its registered office in New Delhi. The 
Company is listed on the National Stock Exchange 
(NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
  The Company is pioneered in the manufacturing 
of polyurethane foams in India and has ten 
manufacturing facilities, using the state of the 
art technology at strategic locations across the 
country.
  The standalone financial statements for the year 
ended March 31, 2022 were approved by the Board 
of Directors and authorized for issue on May 12, 
2022.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
2.1 Statement of Compliance and Basis of Preparation
 a. Basis of Preparation
   The standalone financial statements have 
been prepared in accordance with the Indian 
Accounting Standards (‘Ind AS’) notified 
under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 
2013 (the ‘ Act’) read with the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (as 
amended from time to time) and other relevant 
provisions of the Act. The standalone financial 
statements have been prepared on accrual and 
going concern basis. All the assets and liabilities 
have been classified as current and non-current 
as per the Company’ s normal operating cycle 
and other criteria as set out in Division II of 
Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013.
   The standalone financial statements have been 
prepared on a historical cost basis, except, 
certain financial assets and liabilities, measured 
at fair value (refer accounting policy regarding 
financial instruments).
 b. Functional and presentation currency
   The standalone financial statements are 
prepared in Indian Rupees (‘`’), which is 
the Company’ s functional and presentation 
currency. All financial information presented in 
Indian Rupees has been rounded to the nearest 
lakhs with two decimal places, unless stated 
otherwise.
 c. Current versus non-current classification
    The Company presents assets and liabilities 
in the balance sheet based on current/non-
current classification.
  An asset is classified as current when it is
  -  expected to be realized, or intended to 
be sold or consumed in normal operating 
cycle;
  - held primarily for the purpose of trading;
  -  expected to be realized within 12 months 
after the reporting period; or
  -  cash or cash equivalent unless restricted 
from being exchanged or used to settle 
a liability for at least 12 months after the 
reporting date.
  All other assets are classified as non-current.
  A liability is classified as current when it is
  -  expected to be settled in the normal 
operating cycle;
  - held primarily for the purpose of trading;
  -  due to be settled within 12 months after 
the reporting date; or
  -  there is no unconditional right to defer the 
settlement of the liability for at least 12 
months after the reporting date.
  All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities:
   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified 
as non-current assets and liabilities.
  Operating Cycle:
   The operating cycle is the time between 
acquisition of assets for processing and their 
realization in cash and cash equivalent. The 
Company has identified twelve months as its 
operating cycle.
 d. Use of estimates and judgments
   The preparation of the financial statements 
requires management to make judgements, 
estimates and assumptions that affect the 
reported amounts of revenues, expenses, 
assets and liabilities, and the accompanying 
disclosure and the disclosure of contingent 
liabilities as at the Balance Sheet date. The 
estimates and assumptions used in the 
accompanying standalone financial statements 
are based upon the Management’ s evaluation of 
the relevant facts and circumstances as at the 
date of the standalone financial statements. 
Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
Estimates and underlying assumptions are 
reviewed on a periodic basis. Revisions to 
accounting estimates, if any, are recognized in 
the year in which the estimates are revised and 
in any future years affected.
===== PAGE 119 =====
88 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
   These estimates and assumptions are based 
on the facts and events, that existed as at the 
date of Balance Sheet, or that occurred after 
that date but provide additional evidence about 
conditions existing as at the Balance Sheet 
date.
   Refer below for detailed discussion on estimates 
and judgments:
 i. Useful lives of Property Plant and Equipment
   The Property, Plant and Equipment are 
depreciated on a pro-rata basis on written 
down value basis over their respective useful 
lives. Management estimates the useful lives 
of these assets as detailed in Note 2.2 below. 
Changes in the expected level of usage, 
technological developments, level of wear and 
tear could impact the economic useful lives and 
the residual values of these assets, therefore, 
future depreciation charges could be revised 
and could have an impact on the financial 
position in future years.
 ii. Retirement benefit obligation
   The cost of retirement benefits and present 
value of the retirement benefit obligations in 
respect of Gratuity and Leave Encashment 
is determined using actuarial valuations. An 
actuarial valuation involves making various 
assumptions which may differ from actual 
developments in the future. These include 
the determination of the discount rate, future 
salary increases, mortality rates and future 
pension increases. Due to the complexity of 
the valuation, the underlying assumptions 
and its long-term nature, these retirement 
benefit obligations are sensitive to changes 
in these assumptions. All assumptions are 
reviewed at each reporting date. In determining 
the appropriate discount rate, management 
considers the interest rates of long-term 
government bonds with extrapolated maturity 
corresponding to the expected duration of 
these obligations. The mortality rate is based 
on publically available mortality table for the 
specific countries. Future salary, seniority, 
promotion and other relevant factors and 
pension increases are based on expected 
future inflation on a long-term basis. Further 
details about the assumptions used, including 
a sensitivity analysis are given in Note 43.
 iii. Taxes
   Uncertainties exist with respect to the 
interpretation of complex tax regulations, 
changes in tax laws, and the amount and timing 
of future taxable income. Given the wide range 
of business relationships and the long-term 
nature and complexity of existing contractual 
agreements, differences arising between the 
actual results and the assumptions made, or 
future changes to such assumptions, could 
necessitate future adjustments to tax income 
and expense already recorded. The Company 
establishes provisions, based on reasonable 
estimates. The amount of such provisions is 
based on various factors, such as experience of 
previous tax audits and differing interpretations 
of tax regulations by the taxable entity and the 
responsible tax authority. Such differences of 
interpretation may arise on a wide variety of 
issues depending on the conditions prevailing 
in the respective domicile of the companies.
 iv.  Fair value measurement of financial 
instrument
   When the fair value of financial assets and 
financial liabilities recorded in the balance sheet 
cannot be measured based on quoted prices in 
active markets, their fair value is measured using 
valuation techniques including the Discounted 
Cash Flow (DCF) model. The inputs to these 
models are taken from observable markets 
where possible, but where this is not feasible, a 
degree of judgement is required in establishing 
fair values. Judgements include considerations 
of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and 
volatility. Changes in assumptions about these 
factors could affect the reported fair value of 
financial instruments.
 v. Impairment of Financial assets
   The impairment provision of financial assets 
are based on assumptions about risk of default 
and expected loss rates. The Company uses 
judgement in making these assumptions 
and selecting the inputs to the impairment 
calculation, based on Company’ s past history, 
existing market conditions as well as forward 
looking estimates at the end of each reporting 
period.
 vi. Impairment of Non-Financial assets
   The Company assesses at each reporting date 
whether there is an indication that an asset 
may be impaired. If any indication exists, or 
when annual impairment testing for an asset 
is required, the Company estimates the asset’ s 
recoverable amount. An assets recoverable 
amount is the higher of an asset’ s fair value 
less cost of disposal and its value in use. It is 
determined for an individual asset, unless the 
asset does not generate cash inflows that are 
largely independent of those from other assets 
or company of assets. Where the carrying 
===== PAGE 120 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 89
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable 
amount, the asset is considered impaired and is 
written down to its recoverable amount.
   In assessing value in use, the estimated future 
cash flows are discounted to their present value 
using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current 
market assessments of the time value of money 
and the risks specific to the asset. In determining 
fair value less costs of disposal, recent market 
transactions are taken into account. If no such 
transactions can be identified, an appropriate 
valuation model is used. These calculations are 
corroborated by valuation multiples, or other 
fair value indicators.
2.2 Property, Plant & Equipment
  P roperty, Plant & Equipment are accounted for 
on historical cost basis (inclusive of the cost 
of installation and other incidental costs till 
commencement of commercial production) net of 
recoverable taxes, less accumulated depreciation 
and impairment loss, if any. It also includes the initial 
estimate of the costs of dismantling and removing 
the item and restoring the site on which it is located.
  Subsequent costs are added to the existing asset’ s 
carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, 
as appropriate, only when it is probable that future 
economic benefits associated with the item will flow 
to the Company and the cost of the item can be 
measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance 
are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss 
during the year in which they are incurred.
  Advances paid towards the acquisition of property, 
plant and equipment outstanding at each balance 
sheet date is classified as capital advances under 
other non-current assets and the cost of assets not 
put to use before such date are disclosed under 
‘Capital work-in-progress’ .
  Depreciation on property, plant & equipment is 
provided on a pro-rata basis on written down value 
basis, over the useful life of the assets estimated by 
management, in the manner prescribed in Schedule 
II of the Companies Act, 2013. Depreciation on sale/
deduction from property plant and equipment is 
provided up to the date preceding the date of sale, 
deduction as the case may be. The asset’ s residual 
values, useful lives and method of depreciation 
are reviewed at the end of each reporting period 
and necessary adjustments are made accordingly, 
wherever required. The property, plant and equipment 
costing upto `5,000/- are fully depreciated during 
the year of addition after retaining 5% as net residual 
value. The useful lives in the following cases are 
different from those prescribed in Schedule II of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
Asset Useful life as per 
Schedule II of 
the Companies 
Act, 2013 (No. 
of Y ears)
Useful life as 
assessed / 
estimated by 
the Company 
(No. of Y ears)
Building
- Factory (including roads) 30 29
- Office 60 59
- Residential 60 59
Plant & Equipment 15 20
Furniture & Fixtures 10 15
Vehicles
- Motor Cars 8 10
Office Equipment 5 20
Date Processing Equipment 
- Computer Equipment 3 6
Electrical Fittings 10 20
 Based on usage pattern and internal assessment, 
management believes the useful lives as given 
above best represent the period over which the 
management expects to use these assets. Hence 
the useful lives of these assets is different from the 
lives as prescribed in Schedule II of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
 Cost of leasehold land is amortized over the period 
of lease. Leasehold improvements are amortized 
over the lease period, which corresponds with the 
useful lives of assets.
  Gains or losses arising on retirement or disposal of 
property, plant and equipment are recognized in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual 
values are reviewed periodically at each financial 
year end and adjusted prospectively, as appropriate.
2.3 Investment Property
 Property that is held for long- term rental yields 
or for capital appreciation or both and that is 
not occupied by the Company, is classified as 
investment property. Investment properties are 
measured initially at cost, including transaction 
costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment 
property is measured at cost less accumulated 
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, 
if any. Subsequent costs are added to the carrying 
amount only when it is probable that it will increase 
its useful life. All other repairs and maintenance 
are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss 
during the year in which they are incurred. Though 
the Company measures investment property using 
cost based measurement, the fair value of the 
investment property is disclosed in the notes. Fair 
===== PAGE 121 =====
90 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
value is determined based on an annual evaluation 
performed by an accredited external independent 
valuer applying a recognized and recommended 
valuation model.
 Depreciation on investment property, is provided 
on a pro-rata basis on a written down value basis, 
over the useful life of the property estimated by 
management, in the manner prescribed in Schedule 
II of the Act. The property’ s residual value, useful lives 
and method of depreciation are reviewed at the end 
of each reporting period and necessary adjustments 
are made accordingly, wherever required. The useful 
lives in the following cases are different from those 
prescribed in Schedule II of the Act:
Asset Useful life as 
per Schedule 
II of the 
Companies 
Act, 2013 
(No. of Y ears)
Useful life as 
assessed / 
estimated by 
the Company 
(No. of Y ears)
Building
- Factory 30 29
- Office 60 59
- Residential 60 59
 Based on usage pattern and internal assessment, 
management believes the useful lives, as given 
above best, represent the period over which the 
management expects to use the properties. Hence 
the useful lives of these properties is different 
from the lives as prescribed in Schedule II of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
 Investment property is derecognized when either 
it has been disposed off or when the investment 
property is permanently withdrawn from use and 
no future economic benefit is expected from its 
disposal. Any gain or loss arising on de-recognition 
of the investment property is included in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Transfers are made to/from investment property 
only when there is a change in its use. Transfers 
between investment property is made at the carrying 
amount of the property transferred.
2.4 Investment in Subsidiaries
 Investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost, less 
accumulated impairment losses, if any. Where an 
indication of impairment exists the carrying amount 
of the investment is assessed and written down 
immediately to its recoverable amount. On disposal 
of investments in subsidiaries, the difference 
between net disposal proceeds and the carrying 
amounts are recognized in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss.
2.5 Financial Instruments
 A financial instrument is a contract that gives rise to 
a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability 
or equity instrument of another entity.
 (i) Financial Assets
 (a) Initial recognition and measurement
   At initial recognition, all financial assets are 
recognized at its fair value plus, in the case 
of a financial asset not carried at fair value 
through profit or loss, transaction costs that are 
attributable to the acquisition of the financial 
asset. Transaction costs of financial assets 
carried at fair value through profit or loss are 
expensed in profit or loss.
 (b) Classification and subsequent measurement
   For the purpose of subsequent measurement, 
financial assets are classified in the following 
categories:
 a. at amortized cost;
 b.  at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (FVTOCI); and
 c. at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL)
   Where financial assets are measured at fair 
value, gains and losses are either recognized 
entirely in the Statement of Profit and Loss (i.e. 
fair value through profit and loss), or recognized 
in other comprehensive income (i.e. fair value 
through Other Comprehensive Income).
    The classification of financial assets depends on 
the Company’ s business model for managing 
the financial assets and the contractual terms 
of the cash flows. Management determines 
the classification of its financial assets at initial 
recognition.
 (1) Financial assets measured at amortized cost:
   A financial asset is measured at amortized cost 
if both the following conditions are met:
 -  Business Model Test: The objective of the 
business model is to hold financial asset in order 
to collect contractual cash flows (rather than to 
sell the asset prior to its financial maturity to 
realize its fair value changes); and
 -  Cash Flow Characteristics Test: Contractual 
terms of the financial asset give rise on specified 
dates to cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal 
amount outstanding.
===== PAGE 122 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 91
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
   This category is most relevant to the Company. 
After initial measurement, such financial asset 
are subsequently measured at amortized 
cost using the effective interest rate (EIR) 
method. Amortized cost is calculated by taking 
into account any discount or premium on 
acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral 
part of EIR. EIR is the rate that exactly discounts 
the estimated future cash receipts over the 
expected life of the financial instrument or 
a shorter period, where appropriate, to the 
gross carrying amount of the financial asset. 
When calculating the effective interest rate, the 
Company estimates the expected cash flows 
by considering all the contractual terms of the 
financial instrument but does not consider the 
expected credit losses. The EIR amortization is 
included in interest income in the Statement 
of Profit and Loss. The losses arising from 
impairment are recognized in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss. This category generally applies 
to trade receivables, deposits with banks, 
security deposits, cash and cash equivalents, 
investments in securities and employee loans, 
etc.
 (2)  Financial instruments measured at Fair Value 
Through Other Comprehensive Income 
(FVTOCI):
   A financial instrument shall be measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income if 
both of the following conditions are met:
 -  Business Model Test: The objective of the 
business model is achieved by both collecting 
contractual cash flows and selling financial 
assets; and
 -  Cash Flow Characteristics Test: The Contractual 
terms of the asset give rise on specified dates 
to cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest (SPPI) on principal amount 
outstanding.
   Financial instruments included within FVTOCI 
category are measured initially as well as 
at each reporting period at fair value. Fair 
value movements are recognized in Other 
Comprehensive Income (OCI) except for the 
recognition of interest income, impairment 
gains and losses and foreign exchange gain and 
losses which are recognized in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
 (3)  Financial instruments measured at Fair Value 
Through Profit and Loss (FVTPL)
   Fair Value through Profit and Loss is a residual 
category. Any financial instrument, which 
does not meet the criteria for categorization 
as at amortized cost or fair value through 
other comprehensive income is classified 
as FVTPL. Financial instruments included in 
FVTPL category are measured initially as well 
as at each reporting period at fair value. Fair 
value movements i.e. gain or loss and interest 
income are recorded in Statement of Profit and 
Loss. This category comprises of investments 
in mutual funds and market linked debentures.
 (c) Impairment of financial assets
   The Company assesses impairment based 
on expected credit losses (ECL) model to the 
following:
  -  Financial Assets measured at amortized 
cost;
  - Financial Assets measured at FVTOCI.
   Expected credit losses are measured through a 
loss allowance at an amount equal to:
  -  12 months expected credit losses (expected 
credit losses that result from those default 
events on the financial instrument that 
are possible within 12 months after the 
reporting date); or
  -  full lifetime expected credit losses 
(expected credit losses that result from all 
possible defaults events over the life of the 
financial instrument).
   The Company follows ‘simplified approach’ for 
recognition of impairment loss allowance on:
  -  Financial assets that are debt instruments, 
and are measured at amortized cost i.e. 
trade receivables, deposits with banks, 
security deposits, employee loans, etc.
  -  Financial assets that are debt instruments 
and are measured at FVTOCI.
   Under the simplified approach, the Company 
does not track changes in credit risk. Rather, it 
recognizes impairment loss allowance based on 
lifetime ECLs at each reporting date, right from 
its initial recognition.
   The trade receivables are initially recognized at 
the sale/recoverable value and are assessed at 
each Balance Sheet date for collectability. Trade 
receivables are classified as current assets, if 
collection is expected within twelve months as 
at Balance Sheet date, if not, they are classified 
under non-current assets.
   For recognition of impairment loss on other 
financial assets and risk exposure, the Company 
determines whether there has been a significant 
===== PAGE 123 =====
92 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
increase in the credit risk since initial recognition. 
If credit risk has not increased significantly, 12 
months (Expected Credit Loss) ECL is used to 
provide for impairment loss. However, if credit 
risk has increased significantly, lifetime ECL is 
used. If in a subsequent period, credit quality of 
the instrument improves such that there is no 
longer a significant increase in credit risk since 
initial recognition, then the Company reverts to 
recognizing impairment loss allowance based 
on 12-months ECL.
   For assessing increase in credit risk and 
impairment loss, the Company combines 
financial instruments on the basis of shared 
credit risk characteristics with the objective 
of facilitating an analysis that is designed to 
enable significant increases in credit risk to be 
identified on timely basis.
 (d) Derecognition of financial assets
   A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part 
of a financial asset or part of a group of similar 
financial assets) is primarily derecognized (i.e. 
removed from the Company’ s Balance Sheet) 
when:
  a.  The rights to receive cash flows from the 
asset have been expired/transferred; or
  b.  The Company retains the contractual 
right to receive the cash flows of the 
financial asset, but assumes a contractual 
obligation to pay the cash flows to one or 
more recipients.
   Where the Company has transferred an asset, 
it evaluates whether it has substantially 
transferred all risks and rewards of ownership of 
the financial asset. In such cases, the financial 
asset is derecognized. When the Company has 
not transferred substantially all the risks and 
rewards of ownership of a financial asset, the 
financial asset is not derecognized.
   Where the Company has neither transferred 
a financial asset nor retains substantially all 
risks and rewards of ownership of the financial 
asset, the financial asset is derecognized if 
the Company has not retained control of the 
financial asset. When the entity retains control 
of the financial asset, the asset is continued 
to be recognized to the extent of continuing 
involvement in the financial asset.
 (ii) Financial Liabilities
  Initial recognition and measurement
   All financial liabilities are recognized initially 
at fair value and in the case of borrowings and 
payables, net of directly attributable transaction 
costs. The Company’ s financial liabilities include 
trade payables, borrowings, security deposits 
and other payables.
  Subsequent measurement
   The measurement of financial liabilities depends 
on their classification, as described below:
   Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through 
Profit or Loss (FVTPL)
   Financial liabilities at FVTPL include financial 
liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities 
designated upon initial recognition as at fair 
value through profit or loss.
   Financial liabilities are classified as held for 
trading if they are incurred for the purpose of 
repurchasing in the near term.
   Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are 
recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
   Financial liabilities designated upon initial 
recognition at fair value through profit or loss 
are designated as such at the initial date of 
recognition and only if the criteria in IND AS 
109 are satisfied. For liabilities designated as 
FVTPL, fair value gains/ losses attributable to 
changes in own credit risk are recognized in 
Other Comprehensive Income. These gains/ 
losses are not subsequently transferred to 
profit and loss. However, the Company may 
transfer the cumulative gain or loss within 
equity. All other changes in fair value of such 
liability are recognized in the Statement of 
other comprehensive income.
  Borrowings & Security Deposits
   Any difference between the proceeds (net of 
transaction costs) and the repayment amount 
is recognized in profit or loss over the period 
of the liability and subsequently measured 
at amortized cost using the effective interest 
method. Gains and losses are recognized 
in the profit or loss when the liabilities are 
derecognized as well as through the EIR 
amortization process.
===== PAGE 124 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 93
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
   Amortised cost is calculated by taking into 
account any discount or premium on acquisition 
and fees or costs that are integral part of  
the EIR.
  Financial Guarantee Contract
   Financial guarantee contracts issued by the 
Company are those contracts that require a 
payment to be made to reimburse the holder for 
loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails 
to make a payment when due in accordance 
with the terms of a debt instrument. Financial 
guarantee contracts are recognized initially as 
a liability at fair value, adjusted for transaction 
costs that are directly attributable to the 
issuance of the guarantee. Subsequently, the 
liability is measured at the higher of the amount 
of loss allowance determined as per impairment 
requirements of Ind AS 109 and the amount 
recognized less cumulative amortization.
  Trade and other payables
   Trade and other payables are obligations 
incurred by the Company towards purchase of 
raw material and other goods and availing the 
services that have been acquired or availed in 
the ordinary course of business. Trade and 
other payables are classified under current 
liabilities, if payment is due within 12 months as 
at Balance Sheet date, if not, they are classified 
under non-current liabilities.
  Derecognition
   A financial liability is derecognized when the 
obligation under the liability is discharged or 
cancelled or expires. When an existing financial 
liability is replaced by another from the same 
lender on substantially different terms, or the 
terms of an existing liability are substantially 
modified, such an exchange or modification 
is treated as the de-recognition of the original 
liability and the recognition of a new liability. The 
difference in the respective carrying amounts is 
recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (iii) Offsetting of financial instruments:
   Financial assets and financial liabilities are 
offset and the net amount is reported in the 
balance sheet if there is a currently enforceable 
legal right to offset the recognised amounts 
and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, 
to realise the assets and settle the liabilities 
simultaneously.
2.6 Inventories
 Raw materials, packaging materials and stores 
and spare parts are valued at lower of cost and 
net realizable value. Cost includes purchase price, 
(excluding those subsequently recoverable by the 
Company from the concerned revenue authorities), 
freight inwards and other expenditure incurred in 
bringing such inventories to their present location 
and condition. In determining the cost, first-in-first-
out cost method is used.
 Work in progress, manufactured finished goods and 
traded goods are valued at the lower of cost and 
net realisable value. Cost of work in progress and 
manufactured finished goods is determined on the 
first-in-first-out and comprises direct material, cost 
of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing 
these inventories to their present location and 
condition. Cost of traded goods is determined on a 
first-in-first-out.
 Provision of obsolescence on inventories is 
considered on the basis of management’ s estimate 
based on demand and market of the inventories. Net 
realizable value is the estimated selling price in the 
ordinary course of business, less the estimated cost 
of completion and the estimated costs necessary to 
make the sale.
 The comparison of cost and net realizable value is 
made on item-by-item basis.
2.7 Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on 
hand and demand deposits with banks which are 
short-term (three months or less from the date 
of acquisition), highly liquid investments that are 
readily convertible into cash and which are subject 
to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
2.8 Impairment of Non-Financial Assets
 The Company assesses at each year end whether 
there is any objective evidence that a non-financial 
asset or a group of non-financial assets is impaired. 
If any such indication exists, the Company estimates 
the asset’ s recoverable amount and the amount of 
impairment loss.
 An impairment loss is calculated as the difference 
between an asset’ s carrying amount and recoverable 
amount. Losses are recognized in Statement 
of Profit and Loss and reflected in an allowance 
account. When the Company considers that there 
are no realistic prospects of recovery of the asset, 
the relevant amounts are written off. If the amount 
of impairment loss subsequently decreases and 
the decrease can be related objectively to an event 
occurring after the impairment was recognised, 
then the previously recognised impairment loss is 
reversed through Statement of Profit and Loss.
===== PAGE 125 =====
94 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
 The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-
generating unit (as defined below) is the greater of 
its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. 
In assessing value in use, the estimated future 
cash flows are discounted to their present value 
using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current 
market assessments of the time value of money 
and the risks specific to the asset. For the purpose 
of impairment testing, assets are grouped together 
into the smallest group of assets that generates 
cash inflows from continuing use that are largely 
independent of the cash inflows of other assets or 
groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”).
2.9 Provisions and Contingent Liabilities
 a) Provisions
   Provisions are recognized when the Company 
has a present obligation (legal or constructive) 
as a result of a past event, and it is probable that 
an outflow of resources embodying economic 
benefits will be required to settle the obligation 
and a reliable estimate can be made of the 
amount of obligation. Provisions are measured 
at the best estimate of the expenditure required 
to settle the present obligation, at the balances 
sheet date.
   If the effect of the time value of money is 
material, provisions are discounted to reflect its 
present value using a current pre-tax rate that 
reflects the current market assessments of the 
time value of money and the risks specific to 
the obligation. When discounting is used, the 
increase in the provision due to the passage of 
time is recognised as a finance cost.
 b) Contingent Liabilities
   A disclosure for a contingent liability is made 
when there is a possible obligation arising 
from past events, the existence of which will 
be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-
occurrence of one or more uncertain future 
events not wholly within the control of the 
Company or a present obligation arising as a 
result of past event that probably will not require 
an outflow of resources or where a reliable 
estimate of the obligation cannot be made.
2.10 Revenue Recognition
 Revenue from contracts with customers is 
recognised when control of the goods or services 
are transferred to the customer at an amount that 
reflects the consideration to which the Company 
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods 
or services. The Company has generally concluded 
that it is the principal in its revenue arrangements 
because it typically controls the goods or services 
before transferring them to the customer.
 Revenue from sale of goods is recognised when the 
control of the goods is transferred to the customer, 
which is generally on the delivery of the goods, the 
associated costs and the amount of revenue can 
be measured reliably and it is probable that the 
economic benefit associated with the transaction 
will flow to the Company. It is measured at fair value 
of the consideration received or receivable, after 
deduction of sales returns, trade discount, volume 
rebates, goods and service tax collected on behalf of 
the government and amount collected on behalf of 
its customers.
 Revenue from rendering of services is recognized 
when the performance of agreed contractual task 
has been completed. Revenue is recognised when 
the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it 
is probable that future economic benefits will flow 
to the entity and specific criteria have been met as 
described below. Revenue is measured at the fair value 
of the consideration received or receivable. Amounts 
disclosed as revenue are net of indirect taxes, trade 
allowances, rebates and amounts collected on behalf 
of third parties and is not recognised in instances 
where there is uncertainty with regard to ultimate 
collection. In such cases revenue is recognised on 
reasonable certainty of collection.
 In respect of above, the amounts received in advance 
are reflected in the Balance sheet under “Other 
Current and Non-current Liabilities” as “Contract 
Liabilities” .
 Other revenue streams:
 Interest income on fixed deposits is recognized 
on time proportion basis taking into account the 
amount outstanding and applicable interest rates. 
Interest income is included under the head “other 
income” in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Insurances claims are recognised to the extent the 
Company is reasonably certain of their ultimate 
receipt.
 Dividend income on investments is recognized when 
the right to receive dividend is established if any.
 Other income/revenue is recognized to the extent 
that it is probable that the economic benefit will flow 
to the Company and it can be reliably measured.
2.11 Government Grants / Subsidy
 Government Grants are recognized when there is 
no significant uncertainty regarding the ultimate 
collection. Government grants of capital nature 
are credited to capital reserve. Other government 
grants of revenue nature including subsidies are 
credited to specific expense head in the Statement of  
Profit and Loss.
===== PAGE 126 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 95
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
2.12 Employee Benefits
 a. Short Term Employee Benefits
   All Employee benefits payable within twelve 
months of rendering the services are classified 
as short-term benefits. Such benefits include 
salaries, wages, bonus, awards, ex-gratia, 
performance incentive/pay etc, are measured 
at the amounts expected to be paid when the 
liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented 
as current employee benefit obligations in the 
balance sheet.
 b. Long Term Benefit
   The employees of the Company are entitled to 
long service award (LSA), as retention earned 
leave, after completion of service of five years, 
which can be en-cashed or accumulated till 
retirement. The liability towards LSA is provided 
for on accrual basis as estimated by the 
management.
 c. Post-Employment Benefits
  i. Defined contribution plan:
    The Company’ s approved provident fund 
scheme, employees’ state insurance fund 
scheme and employees’ pension scheme 
are defined contribution plans. The 
Company has no obligation, other than 
the contribution paid/payable under such 
schemes. The contribution paid/payable 
under the schemes is recognized during 
the year in which the employee renders 
the related service which is charged to the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
  ii. Employee’ s State Insurance Scheme:
    Contribution towards employees’ 
state insurance scheme is made to the 
regulatory authorities, where the Company 
has no further obligations. Such benefits 
are classified as Defined Contribution 
Schemes as the company does not carry 
any further obligations, apart from the 
contributions made on a monthly basis 
which are charged to the Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
  iii. Defined benefit plan
    Gratuity: The company provides for 
gratuity, a defined benefit plan (the 
‘Gratuity Plan”) covering eligible employees 
in accordance with the Payment of Gratuity 
Act, 1972. The Gratuity Plan provides a 
lump sum payment to vested employees 
at retirement, death, incapacitation or 
termination of employment, of an amount 
based on the respective employee’ s salary. 
The company’ s liability is actuarially 
determined (using the Projected Unit 
Credit method) at the end of each year. 
Actuarial losses/gains are recognized 
in the other comprehensive income in 
the year in which they arise. Liability is 
funded through a separate Gratuity Trust. 
The short/ excess of gratuity liability as 
compared to the net fund held by the 
Gratuity Trust is accounted for as liability/ 
asset as at the Balance Sheet date.
   Compensated Absences: Accumulated 
compensated absences, which are expected to 
be availed or encashed within 12 months from 
the end of the year are treated as short term 
employee benefits. The obligation towards 
the same is measured at the expected cost 
of accumulating compensated absences as 
the additional amount expected to be paid as 
a result of the unused entitlement as at the  
year end.
   Accumulated compensated absences, which 
are expected to be availed or encashed beyond 
12 months from the end of the year end are 
treated as other long term employee benefits. 
The company’ s liability is actuarially determined 
(using the Projected Unit Credit method) at the 
end of each year. Actuarial losses/gains are 
recognized in the statement of profit and loss in 
the year in which they arise.
   Leaves under defined benefit plans can be 
encashed only on discontinuation of service by 
employee.
2.13 Leases
 The determination of whether an arrangement is, 
or contains, a lease is based on the substance of 
the arrangement at the inception of the lease. The 
arrangement is, or contains, a lease if fulfilment 
of the arrangement is dependent on the use of a 
specific asset or assets or the arrangement conveys 
a right to use the asset or assets, for a period of time 
in exchange for consideration even if that right is not 
explicitly specified in an arrangement.
 Company as a lessee
 The group’ s lease asset classes primarily consist 
of leases for warehouse & facilities. The company 
assesses whether a contract contains a lease, at 
inception of a contract. A contract is, or contains, 
a lease if the contract conveys the right to control 
the use of an identified asset for a period of time 
in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a 
contract conveys the right to control the use of an 
identified asset, the company assesses whether: (i) 
===== PAGE 127 =====
96 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
the contract involves the use of an identified asset 
(ii) the company has substantially all of the economic 
benefits from use of the asset through the period of 
the lease and (iii) the company has the right to direct 
the use of the asset.
 At the date of commencement of the lease, the 
company recognizes a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) 
and a corresponding lease liability for all lease 
arrangements in which it is a lessee, except for 
leases with a term of twelve months or less (short-
term leases) and leases of low value assets. For 
these short-term and leases of low value assets, 
the company recognizes the lease payments as an 
operating expense on a straight-line basis over the 
term of the lease.
 Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately 
presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments 
have been classified as financing cash flows.
 Company as a lessor
 Leases for which the company is a lessor is classified 
as a finance or operating lease. Whenever the terms 
of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and 
rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract 
is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are 
classified as operating leases.
2.14 Foreign Currency Transactions
 Foreign currency transactions are recorded at the 
exchange rate prevailing on the date of transaction. 
Monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currency 
existing as at the balance sheet date are translated 
at the year end exchange rates. Exchange rate 
differences arising on settlement of transaction and 
translation of monetary items are recognized as 
income or expenses in the year in which they arise. 
The long term foreign currency monetary items are 
carried at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of 
initial transaction.
 Non- monetary items that are measured in terms 
of historical cost in foreign currency are translated 
using the exchange rates at the dates of initial 
transactions.
2.15 Taxation
 Tax expense for the year comprises of Current Tax 
and Deferred Tax are included in the determination 
of the net profit or loss for the year.
 a. Current Tax
   Current tax assets and liabilities are measured 
at the amount expected to be recovered from 
or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates 
and tax laws used to compute the amount 
are those that are enacted or substantively 
enacted, at the reporting date.
 b. Deferred Tax
 Deferred tax is provided using the liability method 
on temporary differences between the tax bases of 
assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for 
financial reporting purposes at the reporting date. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised 
for all deductible temporary differences, the carry 
forward of unused tax credits and any unused tax 
losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the 
extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be 
available against which the deductible temporary 
differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits 
and unused tax losses can be utilised. The carrying 
amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each 
reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is 
no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit 
will be available to allow all or part of the deferred 
tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax 
assets are re-assessed at each reporting date and 
are recognised to the extent that it has become 
probable that future taxable profits will allow the 
deferred tax asset to be recovered. Deferred tax is 
determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been 
enacted or substantially enacted by the end of the 
year and are expected to apply when the related 
deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred 
income tax liability is settled.
2.16 Dividend Distribution:
 The Company recognizes a liability to make payment 
of dividend to owners of equity when the distribution 
is authorized and is no longer at the discretion of 
the Company and is declared by the shareholders.  
A corresponding amount is recognized directly in 
the Equity.
2.17 Earnings per Share:
 Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing 
net profit/loss of the year attributable to equity 
shareholders by the weighted average number 
of equity shares outstanding during the year. 
The weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding during the period is adjusted for events 
such as bonus issue, bonus element in a right issue, 
share split and reverse share split (consolidation of 
shares) that have changed the number of equity 
shares outstanding without a corresponding change 
in the resources.
 For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per 
share, the net profit or loss for the year attributable 
to equity shareholders and the weighted average 
number of shares outstanding during the year 
are adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential  
equity shares.
===== PAGE 128 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 97
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
2.18 Statement of Cash flows:
 For the purpose of Standalone Statement of Cash 
Flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on 
hand, cash at banks, demand deposits, short-term 
deposits with an original maturity of three months 
or less and other short-term investments, that are 
readily convertible to known amounts of cash and 
which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes 
in value.
2.19 Contributed Equity:
 Equity shares are classified as equity share capital. 
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue 
of new shares or options are shown in equity as a 
deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
2.20  Standards (including amendments) issued but not 
yet effective
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new 
standard or amendments to the existing standards. 
There is no such notification which would have been 
applicable from April 01, 2022
2.21 Standards that became effective during the year
 The Company has applied certain amendments 
that became effective during the year which are 
discussed below:
 a)  Amendments to Ind AS consequential to 
Conceptual Framework under Ind AS
   The Framework is not a Standard and it does 
not override any specific standard. Therefore, 
this does not form part of a set of standards 
pronounced by the standard-setters. While, the 
Framework is primarily meant for the standard-
setter for formulating the standards, it has 
relevance to the preparers in certain situations 
such as to develop consistent accounting 
policies for areas that are not covered by a 
standard or where there is choice of accounting 
policy, and to assist all parties to understand 
and interpret the Standards.
   The amendments made in following standards 
due to Conceptual Framework for Financial 
Reporting under Ind AS. includes amendment 
of the footnote to the definition of an equity 
instrument in Ind AS 102- Share Based 
Payments, footnote to be added for definition of 
liability i.e. definition of liability is not revised on 
account of revision of definition in conceptual 
framework in case of Ind AS 37 - Provisions, 
Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets 
etc.
   The MCA has notified the Amendments to Ind 
AS consequential to Conceptual Framework 
under Ind AS vide notification dated June 18, 
2021, applicable for annual periods beginning 
on or after April 1, 2021. Accordingly, the 
Conceptual Framework is applicable for 
preparers for accounting periods beginning on 
or after 1 April 2021.
   These amendments have no impact on the 
financial statements of the Company.
 b) Ind AS 116: COVID-19 related rent concessions
   MCA issued an amendment to Ind AS 116 Covid-
19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 
2021 to update the condition for lessees to 
apply the relief to a reduction in lease payments 
originally due on or before 30 June 2022 from 
30 June 2021. The amendment applies to 
annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 
April 2021. In case a lessee has not yet approved 
the financial statements for issue before the 
issuance of this amendment, then the same 
may be applied for annual reporting periods 
beginning on or after 1 April 2020.
   These amendments have no impact on the 
financial statements of the Company.
 c)  Amendment to Ind AS 105, Ind AS 16 and Ind 
AS 28
   In the definition of “Recoverable amount” the 
words “the higher of an asset’ s fair value less 
costs to sell and its value in use” are replaced 
with “higher of an asset’ s fair value less costs of 
disposal and its value in use” . The consequential 
amendments are made in Ind AS 105, Ind AS 16 
and Ind AS 28.
   These amendments have no impact on the 
financial statements of the Company.
===== PAGE 129 =====
98 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 3 : PROPERTY , PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars  Land - 
freehold 
 Buildings 
(Including 
Roads & Lanes) 
 Plant & 
Equipment 
 Furniture 
and fixtures 
 Vehicles  Office 
equipment 
 Electrical 
fittings 
 Total property, 
plant and 
equipment 
 Capital work 
in progress 
At cost or deemed cost
As at April 1, 2020  1,248.92  13,141.93  17,681.83  1,151.45  973.75  1,502.16  852.71  36,552.74  1,652.58 
Additions  461.00  1,598.96  796.62  43.99  81.66  142.78  120.64  3,245.65  728.84 
Disposals/transfer  (10.90)  (40.39)  (104.58)  (1.35)  (65.42)  (12.59)  (12.90)  (248.12)  (2,264.36)
As at March 31, 2021  1,699.02  14,700.50  18,373.86  1,194.10  989.99  1,632.35  960.45  39,550.27  117.06 
Additions  -    41.45  975.80  78.84  280.27  221.23  9.63  1,607.21  2,300.54 
Disposals/transfer *  -    (9.09)  (598.34)  (2.08)  (85.38)  (13.68)  (2.62)  (711.19)  (2,353.82)
As at March 31, 2022  1,699.02  14,732.86  18,751.32  1,270.85  1,184.88  1,839.90  967.46  40,446.30  63.78 
Accumulated depreciation 
As at April 1, 2020  -    3,416.18  6,014.45  357.15  413.55  583.82  351.48  11,136.64  -   
Depreciation charge for the year  -    856.05  1,702.33  151.64  171.68  233.50  80.40  3,195.60  -   
Disposals/adjustments  -    (14.73)  (63.38)  (1.58)  (44.01)  (7.50)  (6.14)  (137.34)  -   
As at March 31, 2021  -    4,257.50  7,653.41  507.21  541.22  809.81  425.74  14,194.89  -   
Depreciation charge for the year  1,047.44  1,559.13  129.72  134.34  180.74  74.32  3,125.70  -   
Disposals/adjustments  (1.46)  (302.31)  (1.46)  (60.56)  (9.64)  (0.41)  (375.84)  -   
As at March 31, 2022  -    5,303.49  8,910.23  635.47  615.00  980.91  499.66  16,944.76  -   
Net carrying amount
As at March 31, 2021  1,699.02  10,443.00  10,720.46  686.88  448.78  822.54  534.70  25,355.39  117.06 
As at March 31, 2022  1,699.02  9,429.38  9,841.10  635.38  569.88  858.98  467.80  23,501.54  63.78 
*Capital work in progress ‘Disposal’ includes ` 1,819 lakhs ( March 31,2021: Nil) sold to its wholly owned subsidiary International Comfort Technologies Private Limited.
Notes:
a. Property, plant and equipment has been pledged as security amounted `15,600 lakhs.
b. Refer note 50 for disclosure of commitement for expenditure on account of acquisition of Property, plant and equipment.
c. Capital Work-in-progress represents assets under construction & installation at various sites and ageing analysis  is as below:
CWIP  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021 
Amount in CWIP  Total Amount in CWIP  Total 
 Less than 
1 year 
 1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 
3 years 
 Less than 
1 year 
 1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 
3 years 
Projects in progress as at March 31, 
2022/ March 31, 2021)  63.78  -    -    -    63.78  117.06  -    117.06 
===== PAGE 130 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 99
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 4 : RIGHT OF USE ASSETS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Leasehold land  Buildings  Total  
Cost
At April 1, 2020  2,046.03  114.77  2,160.80 
Additions  -    -    -   
Disposal/Transfer  -    82.80  82.80 
As at March 31, 2021  2,046.03  31.97  2,078.00 
Additions  173.52  275.49  449.01 
Disposal/Transfer  549.46  -    549.46 
As at March 31, 2022  1,670.09  307.46  1,977.55 
Depreciation
At April 1, 2020  20.13  28.86  48.99 
Charge for the year  21.53  15.05  36.58 
Disposals during the year  -    (22.56)  (22.56)
As at March 31, 2021  41.66  21.35  63.01 
Charge for the year  19.51  72.01  91.52 
Disposals  12.10  -    12.10 
As at March 31, 2022  49.07  93.36  142.43 
Net book value as at March 31, 2021  2,004.37  10.63  2,014.98 
Net book value as at March 31, 2022  1,621.02  214.10  1,835.12 
NOTE 5 : INVESTMENT PROPERTY
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Leasehold land  Freehold land  Buildings  Total  
Cost
At April 1, 2020  68.47  -    385.48  453.95 
Additions  -    10.90  46.82  57.72 
Disposal/Transfer  -   
As at March 31, 2021  68.47  10.90  432.30  511.67 
Additions  -    -    -    -   
Disposal/Transfer  -    -    -    -   
As at March 31, 2022  68.47  10.90  432.30  511.67 
Depreciation
At April 1, 2020  3.64  -    85.21  88.85 
Transfer during the year  -    -    18.01  18.01 
Charge for the year  0.91  -    19.46  20.37 
Disposals during the year  -    -    -    -   
As at March 31, 2021  4.55  -    122.68  127.23 
Charge for the year  0.91  -    20.83  21.74 
Disposals  -    -    -    -   
As at March 31, 2022  5.46  -    143.51  148.97 
Net book value as at March 31, 2021  63.92  10.90  309.62  384.44 
Net book value as at March 31, 2022  63.01  10.90  288.79  362.70 
Notes:
a. Refer ‘Para- 2.3’ of Significant Accounting Policies’ for depreciation and measurement of investment property.
b.  The leasehold land has been amortised during the year by ` 0.91 lakhs (Previous Year : ` 0.91 lakhs) as per the 
accounting policy in terms of the Ind AS-40 on ‘Investment Property’ .
===== PAGE 131 =====
100 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
c. Income from investment property
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022
As at  
March 31, 2021
Rental Income derived from investment property  214.73  188.86 
Profit arising from investment property before depreciation  214.73  188.86 
(Less): Depreciation for the year  (21.74)  (20.37)
Net Profit arising from investment property  192.99  168.49 
d.  The Company has obtained independent valuation for its investment properties at `2,591.31 Lakhs as on 
31st March 2022 and ` 1,946.90 as on March 31,2021. These valuations are based on valuations performed 
by K.S. Agrawal Associates, an accredited independent valuer. K.S. Agrawal Associates is a specialist in 
valuing these types of investment properties and reviewed the fair valuation based on best evidence of fair 
value determined using replacement cost of an asset of equivalent utility, depreciation and obsolescence. 
Fair market value is the amount expressed in terms of money that may reasonably be expected to be exchanged 
between a willing buyer and a willing seller, with equity or both. The valuation by the valuer assumes that Company 
shall continue to operate and run the assets to have economic utility. The fair value is on ‘as is where is’ basis.
e.  There are no contractual obligations to purchase, construct or develop investment property or for repairs, 
maintenance and enhancements thereof and there are no restriction on remittance of income and proceeds of 
disposal.
f.  The investment properties which are leasehold properties, realisability of the same is subject to the terms and 
conditions under the respective lease agreements.
g. The Company’ s Investment Properties are given on cancellable lease for a period 0-10 years.
NOTE 6: INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars  As at March 31, 2022 As at March 31, 2021 
 No.  Amount  No.  Amount 
Investment in equity shares (Unquoted, at cost) (fully paid up)
Joyce Foam Pty. Limited of Aud $ 10/- each  658,500  2,306.59  658,500  2,306.59 
Divya Software Solutions (P) Ltd. of ` 10/- each  94,633  7,602.00  94,633  7,602.00 
Sleepwell Enterprises (P) Ltd. of ` 10/- each  10,500  109.20  10,500  109.20 
International Foam Technologies SL, Spain of Euro 1/-each  12,003,000  9,638.86  12,003,000  11,352.93 
Staqo World Pvt. Ltd of ` 10/- each  10,000  0.73  10,000  0.73 
International comfort Technologies Private Limited of ` 10/- 
each  100,000  10.00  -    -   
Total  12,876,633  19,667.38  12,776,633  21,371.45 
Aggregate amount of Unquoted Investments  19,667.38  21,371.45 
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments  -    -   
===== PAGE 132 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 101
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 6.1 : INFORMATION ABOUT SUBSIDIARIES
(` in Lakhs)
Name of the Company and Country of 
Incorporation
 Principal Activities  (%) of Shareholding 
As at 
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Joyce Foam Pty. Limited, Australia
Manufacturer of technical foam supplied to 
Business to Business  customers (mattress 
and furniture manufacturers) 
100 100
Divya Software Solutions (P) Ltd., India Software development and related ancillary 
activities 100 100
Sleepwell Enterprises (P) Ltd., India Providing of its Trademarks, Patents, Logos 
etc. and earning royalty thereon 100 100
International Foam Technologies SL, 
Spain
To invest in a Wholly Owned Subsidiary 
Company in Spain, engaged in 
manufacturing of Polyurethane Foam
100 100
Staqo World Pvt. Ltd., India Information technology and related ancillary 
activities 100 100
International comfort Technologies 
Private Limited, India
Manufacturer of mattresses supplied to 
domestic & overseas customers 100 100
NOTE 7 : INVESTMENTS IN PREFERENCE SHARES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars  As at March 31, 2022 As at March 31, 2021
 No.  Amount  No.  Amount 
Investment in preference shares (Unquoted, 
at cost) (fully paid up)
International comfort Technologies Private 
Limited of ` 10/- each  29,900,000  2,990.00  -    -   
 29,900,000  2,990.00  -    -   
Aggregate amount of Unquoted Investments  2,990.00  -   
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of 
investments  -    -   
NOTE 8 : OTHER INVESTMENTS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021
In Bonds & Debentures - fully paid up
Carried at amortised cost - Unquoted  0.35  0.35 
Carried at fair value through other comprehensive income - Quoted  47,876.02  30,359.64 
Carried at fair value through Profit & Loss - Unquoted  5,006.80  -   
Total Investments  52,883.17  30,359.99 
Aggregate amount of Quoted Investments  47,876.02  30,359.64 
Market value of Quoted Investments  47,876.02  30,359.64 
Aggregate amount of Unquoted investment  5,007.15  0.35 
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments  -    -   
===== PAGE 133 =====
102 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 9 : LOANS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
(Unsecured, considered good)
Loans to employees  7.60  13.18 
Loan to Subsidiaries (refer note 44)  7,770.40  4,847.61 
Total  7,778.00  4,860.79 
NOTE 10 : OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021
(Unsecured, considered good)
Security deposits  371.90  206.96 
Deposits with Banks:
- held as margin money  1.34  1.34 
- others  -    3.41 
Interest accrued but not due on deposits with Banks  -    1.04 
Lease receivable (refer note 45B)  1,429.22  -   
Total  1,802.46  212.75 
NOTE 11 : NON CURRENT TAX ASSETS (NET)
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022
As at  
March 31, 2021
Advance income tax (net of provision of `24,690.64 lacs & (March 31,2021 ` 24,207.35 
lacs))  445.33  32.41 
Total  445.33  32.41 
NOTE 12 : OTHER NON CURRENT ASSETS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022
As at  
March 31, 2021
(Unsecured, considered good)
Capital advances*  181.20  225.12 
Prepaid rent  38.82  39.26 
Loan & advances  40.00  -   
Total  260.02  264.38 
*Value of Contracts in capital account remaining to be executed (refer note 50)
===== PAGE 134 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 103
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 13 : INVENTORIES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
(Valued at lower of cost and net realisable value unless otherwise stated)
Raw material  8,999.79  11,230.50 
Raw Material (In Transit)  2,702.45  3,786.44 
Work-in-progress  4,912.92  5,122.10 
Finished goods  1,281.82  1,075.13 
Stock-in-trade  840.21  138.23 
Packing Material  726.38  633.94 
Packing Material (In Transit)  54.88  14.30 
Stores and spares  797.06  694.98 
Stores & spares (In Transit)  31.10  136.30 
Total  20,346.61  22,831.92 
Inventories held by Company are subject to hypothecation by bankers towards working capital limits obtained by the 
Company.
NOTE 14 : INVESTMENTS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
In Bonds & Debentures - fully paid up 
Carried at fair value through profit and loss- Quoted  -    1,308.06 
Carried at fair value through other comprehensive income - Quoted  -    3,212.45 
In Mutual Funds - fully paid up 
Carried at fair value through profit and loss- Quoted  8,398.45  6,079.82 
Total Investments  8,398.45  10,600.33 
Aggregate amount of Quoted Investments  8,398.45  10,600.33 
Aggregate market value of Quoted Investments  8,398.45  10,600.33 
Aggregate amount of Unquoted investment  -    -   
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investment  -    -   
NOTE 15 : TRADE RECEIVABLES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
 As at  
March 31, 2021 
(At amortised cost)
Unsecured
Trade receivables - considered good (Refer note below)  15,163.44  16,304.60 
Trade receivables - considered doubtful  58.97  58.97 
Trade receivables (gross)  15,222.41  16,363.57 
Less: Impairment allowance for trade receivables considered doubtful  (58.97)  (58.97)
Total  15,163.44  16,304.60 
Further classified as 
Receivable from related parties (refer note 44)  198.81  144.79 
Receivable from others  14,964.63  16,159.81 
 15,163.44  16,304.60 
Note :
a.    No trade or other receivables are due from directors or other officers of the Company either severally or jointly 
with any other person.
===== PAGE 135 =====
104 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
b.   Trade receivables are usually non-interest bearing and are on trade terms of 0 - 60 days.
c.    The Company applies the expected credit loss (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of impairment loss 
on trade receivables. The Company tracks changes in expected credit loss on trade receivables based on overdue 
outstanding exposure, expected default rate and basis exposure is secured/unsecured. ECL impairment loss 
allowance (or reversal) recognised during the year is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Movement in the expected credit loss allowance
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Balance at the beginning of the year  58.97  110.16 
Movement in expected credit loss allowance on trade receivables calculated at 
lifetime expected credit losses  -    (51.19)
Balance at the end of the year  58.97  58.97 
e. Refer note 48 for information about credit and market risk of trade receivables.
f.    Realization from trade receivables held by company are subject to hypothecation by bankers towards working 
capital limits obtained by the company.
g. Below is the ageing analysis of trade receivables
 As on March 31, 2022 
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Not due Less than 
6 months
6 months 
- 1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years more than 
3 years
(i)  Undisputed trade receivables
  – considered good  7,702.42  7,352.16  67.32  6.92  2.97  28.86 15,160.65 
  – which have significant increase in credit  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iii) Disputed trade receivables
 – considered good  -    -    -    2.80  -    -    2.80 
 – which have significant increase in credit  -    7.94  1.35  5.35  33.25  11.08  58.97 
Total 7,702.42  7,360.09  68.67  15.07  36.22  39.94 15,222.41 
 As on March 31, 2021
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Not due Less than 
6 months
6 months 
- 1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years more than 
3 years
Total
(i)  Undisputed trade receivables
 – considered good  10,712.10  5,382.92  44.59  63.26  45.58  -   16,248.45 
 – which have significant increase in credit  -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iii)  Disputed trade receivables
 – considered good  -    -    -    45.03  11.12  -    56.15 
 – which have significant increase in credit  -    34.90  0.22  -    23.85  -    58.97 
Total 10,712.10  5,417.83  44.81  108.29  80.55  -    16,363.57 
===== PAGE 136 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 105
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 16 : CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
For the purposes of the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and in banks, cheques 
and drafts on hand. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the reporting period as shown in the Statement of Cash 
Flows can be reconciled to the related items in the Balance Sheet as follows:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Balance with banks :
Current accounts  481.84  1,091.73 
Fixed deposits account with an original maturity of less than three months  933.87  2,400.00 
Cash on hand  15.65  11.81 
Total  1,431.36  3,503.54 
Note:
a)  There are no restrictions with regard to cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the reporting year and prior year.
b)    Cash balances with bank earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term deposits 
are made for varying periods of one to three months, depending on the immediate cash requirements of the 
Company, and earn interest at the respective short-term deposit rates.
NOTE 17 : OTHER BANK BALANCES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Deposits having original maturity more than 3 months but less than 12 months:  31.58  47.63 
Total  31.58  47.63 
Note:
Other bank balances represents fixed deposits invested with banks.
NOTE 18 : LOANS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021
(Unsecured, considered good)
Loans to employees  55.07  55.24 
Inter-corporate deposits  500.00  500.00 
Total  555.07  555.24 
NOTE 19 : OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Unsecured, considered good
Interest accrued but not due on deposits with Banks, bonds and debentures  1,983.16  686.78 
Interest accrued on loan given to subsidiary company ( Refer note 44)  83.27  125.26 
Insurance claim receivable  0.11  -   
Lease receivable (refer note 45B)  212.51  -   
Other loans & advances (refer note below)  646.54  56.91 
Total  2,925.59  868.95 
Note:
a.  Other loans & advances comprise of advances to staff for expenses and advances to other parties etc.
===== PAGE 137 =====
106 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 20 : OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Advance to contractors/suppliers  651.87  971.43 
Balances with Statutory/Government authorities:
- Excise & Custom  16.24  2.85 
- GST  213.41  4.37 
- VAT/Sales Tax  486.14  478.95 
GST refund receivable  -    550.33 
Prepaid expenses  322.32  299.99 
Lease equalisation  66.33  62.73 
Income tax refund  15.33  15.33 
Employee benefit assets (Refer note 43)  -    29.52 
Right to recover return goods*  166.14  -   
Total  1,937.78  2,415.50 
*- In certain cases, the Company provides its customers right to return the goods within a specified period. The Company uses the 
expected value method to estimate the goods that will not be returned because this method best predicts the amount of variable 
consideration to which the Company will be entitled. The requirements in Ind AS 115 on constraining estimates of variable consideration 
are also applied in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that can be included in the transaction price. For goods that 
are expected to be returned, the Company recognises Liability for expected sales return, a receivables on expected sales return (and 
corresponding adjustment to change in inventory is also recognised for the receivables on expected sales return from a customer).
NOTE 21 : EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
(a) Authorised share capital:
8,80,21,000 fully paid equity shares of ` 5 each  4,401.05  4,401.05 
(March 31, 2021 : 8,80,21,000 fully paid equity shares of ` 5 each)
 4,401.05  4,401.05 
Issued, subscribed & paid up share capital:
4,87,82,808 fully paid equity shares of ` 5 each  2,439.14  2,439.14 
(March 31, 2021 : 4,87,82,808 equity shares of ` 5 each)
Total  2,439.14  2,439.14 
(b) Reconciliation of shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting year
As at 
March 31, 2022 
As at 
March 31, 2021 
 Number of shares  Amount  Number of shares  Amount 
At the beginning of the year  48,782,808  2,439.14  48,782,808  2,439.14 
Issued during the year  -    -    -    -   
Outstanding at the end of the year  48,782,808  2,439.14  48,782,808  2,439.14 
c) Terms and rights attached to equity shares 
 The Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of ` 5/- per share. Each Shareholder is eligible 
for one vote per share held. The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the 
Shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, except in the case of interim dividend. In the event of 
liquidation, the equity Shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the Company in proportion of 
their shareholding.  
===== PAGE 138 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 107
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
(d) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company
As at 
March 31, 2022 
As at 
March 31, 2021 
 Number  % of holding  Number  % of holding 
Sh. Rahul Gautam  6,209,485 12.73%  6,209,485 12.73%
Smt. Namita Gautam  5,715,879 11.72%  5,715,879 11.72%
Sh. Tushaar Gautam  17,086,314 35.03%  17,086,314 35.03%
Rangoli Resorts Private Limited  6,563,391 13.45%  6,563,391 13.45%
SBI Magnum Midcap Fund  4,384,301 8.99%  4,356,390 8.93%
DSP Midcap Fund  2,438,196 5.00%  2,855,425 5.85%
Kotak Emerging Equity Scheme  3,084,942 6.32%  2,773,731 5.69%
 Note: As per records of the Company, including its register of shareholders/members and other declarations 
received from shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding represents both legal and 
beneficial ownerships of shares.
(e) Aggregate number and class of shares allotted as fully paid up by way of bonus shares
 During 2016-17, 1,62,60,936 fully paid up equity shares of ` 5/- each, were allotted by way of bonus shares to all the 
shareholders in the ratio of 1:2.
(f) Shareholding of promoters & promoter group
Shares held by promoters at the end of the year As at 
March 31, 2022 
As at 
March 31, 2021 
Promotor name  Number  % of holding  Number  % of holding 
Sh. Rahul Gautam  6,209,485 12.73%  6,209,485 12.73%
Smt. Namita Gautam  5,715,879 11.72%  5,715,879 11.72%
Sh. Tushaar Gautam  17,086,314 35.03%  17,086,314 35.03%
Rangoli Resorts Private Limited  6,563,391 13.45%  6,563,391 13.45%
Core Mouldings Private Limited  12,018 0.02%  12,018 0.02%
Total 72.95% 72.95%
(g) No class of shares have been issued as bonus shares or for consideration other than cash by the Company during 
the period of five years immediately preceding the current year end.
NOTE 22 : OTHER EQUITY
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2022 
As at 
March 31, 2021
Capital reserve (Refer note a below)  328.57  328.57 
General reserve (Refer note b below)  1,716.27  1,716.27 
Retained earnings  116,468.47  96,853.34 
Total  118,513.31  98,898.18 
Retained earnings
Opening balance  96,853.34  78,528.47 
Net profit for the year  19,731.48  18,114.96 
Remeasurements of the net defined benefit plans (net of tax)  (358.74)  135.03 
Fair value gain on investments (net of tax)  242.39  74.88 
Closing balance  116,468.47  96,853.34 
Note:
(a) Capital reserve
 During amalgamation of the subsidiaries in the year 2012-13, the excess of net assets taken, over the cost of 
consideration paid was treated as capital reserve.
(b) General reserve
 The Company had transferred a portion of the net profit of the Company before declaring dividend to general 
reserve pursuant to the earlier provisions of Companies Act, 1956.
===== PAGE 139 =====
108 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 23 : LEASE LIABILITY
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2022 
As at 
March 31, 2021
Lease liability (refer note 45A)  1,939.84  199.19 
Total  1,939.84  199.19 
Current  113.12  8.50 
Non current  1,826.72  190.69 
NOTE 24 : OTHER NON CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Deposits from dealers and others  4,941.19  4,449.92 
Unearned Interest Income on deposits from dealers  66.00  521.45 
Unearned Rent Income  26.89  46.76 
Total  5,034.08  5,018.13 
NOTE 25 :  PROVISIONS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Long term provisions:
Provision for employee benefits:
- Compensated absences  364.26  266.89 
- Gratuity  603.04  -   
Other provisions:
- Provision for warranty (Refer note below)  441.02  195.24 
Total (A)  1,408.32  462.13 
Short term provisions:
Provision for employee benefits:
- Compensated absences  9.35  8.38 
Other provisions:
- Provision for warranty (Refer note below)  238.31  426.83 
Total (B)  247.66  435.21 
Grand total (A+B)  1,655.98  897.34 
Note:
Provision for warranty:
Provision is recognised for expected warranty claims on mattresses sold, based on past experience of the level of returns and in 
accordance with the Ind AS - 37 “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets” .  Assumptions used for the said provision 
are sales return trend based on past warranty sales. The table below gives information about movement in warranty provision:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
At the beginning of the year  622.07  631.31 
Created during the year  983.10  498.57 
Utilised during the year  925.84  507.81 
At the end of the year  679.33  622.07 
===== PAGE 140 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 109
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 26 : OTHER NON CURRENT LIABILITIES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Deferred capital grant income  22.70  25.54 
Total  22.70  25.54 
NOTE 27 : DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (NET)
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Deferred tax liabilities (net)  482.45  828.98 
Total  482.45  828.98 
Movement of deferred tax (assets)/liabilities
Particulars Opening 
balance
Recognised 
in profit or 
loss account
Closing 
balance
Deferred tax (assets)/ liabilities in relation to
As at March 31, 2022
Impact of difference between tax depreciation and depeciation /amortization 
charged for financial reporting purposes.  796.34  (479.71)  316.63 
Impact of expenditure charged to the statement of profit & loss in the current 
year/ earlier years but allowable for tax on payment basis  (32.60)  (258.42)  (291.02)
Fair value gain/(loss) on financial instruments at fair value through statement 
of profit or loss (Net)  69.24  (6.76)  62.48 
Lease liabilities (net)  (4.00)  391.94  387.94 
Others  -    6.43  6.43 
Total  828.98  (346.52)  482.46 
Particulars Opening 
balance
Recognised 
in profit or 
loss account
Closing 
balance
As at March 31, 2021
Impact of difference between tax depreciation and depeciation /amortization 
charged for financial reporting purposes.  852.92  (56.58)  796.34 
Impact of expenditure charged to the statement of profit & loss in the current 
year/ earlier years but allowable for tax on payment basis  (244.13)  211.53  (32.60)
Fair value gain/(loss) on financial instruments at fair value through statement 
of profit or loss (Net)  75.20  (5.96)  69.24 
Lease liabilities (net)  (5.34)  1.34  (4.00)
Total  678.65  150.33  828.98 
NOTE 28 : TRADE PAYABLES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Trade payables other than acceptances:
(i) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises (refer note 55)  444.61  1,168.31 
(ii)  Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises  20,503.08  22,161.47 
Total  20,947.69  23,329.78 
===== PAGE 141 =====
110 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
Note:
a. Trade payables due to related parties are disclosed in note no. 44
b. Trade payables are non interest bearing and are normally settled on 60 days to 90 days credit terms.
c. Ageing Analysis for Trade payables
As on March 31, 2022
Particulars Unbilled 
Dues
Payables 
not due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of  
payment
Total
Less than 1 
Y ear
1-2 years 2-3 years more than 3 
years
(i) MSME  -    444.61  -    444.61 
(ii) Others  4,891.36  15,577.11  30.45  0.68  3.49  -    20,503.08 
(iii) Disputed dues – MSME  -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed dues - Others  -    -    -    -    -   
Total  4,891.36  16,021.72  30.45  0.68  3.49  -    20,947.69 
As on March 31, 2021
Particulars Unbilled 
Dues
Payables 
not due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of  
payment
Total
Less than 1 
Y ear
1-2 years 2-3 years more than  
3 years
(i) MSME  -    1,168.31  -    -    -    1,168.31 
(ii) Others  5,401.57  16,720.80  18.36  20.74  -    -    22,161.47 
(iii) Disputed dues – MSME  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed dues - Others  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Total  5,401.57  17,889.11  18.36  20.74  -    -    23,329.78 
NOTE 29 : OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Creditors for capital goods  63.28  258.21 
Deposits from dealers and others  3,996.74  3,400.95 
Unearned Interest Income on deposits from dealers  63.99  142.85 
Unearned Rent Income  6.87  9.52 
Total  4,130.88  3,811.53 
NOTE 30 : OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Refund liabilities  265.82  -   
Deferred capital grant income  2.82  2.83 
Contract Liabilties*  5,576.16  5,246.28 
Statutory dues payable  1,368.51  1,404.43 
Total  7,213.31  6,653.54 
*Consist of advances received from customers towards supply of products.
===== PAGE 142 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 111
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 31 : REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Sale of products (refer note below)  211,650.38  168,789.15 
Sale of services  605.13  436.95 
 212,255.51  169,226.10 
Other operating revenue
-Job Work Services  4.25  -   
-Rodtep incentive scheme  9.11  -   
-Income from sale of process scrap  175.12  159.92 
Total  212,443.99  169,386.02 
Note:
a.  Includes sale of finished goods and semi-finished goods and services to related parties (Refer note 44).
NOTE 31.1 : DISAGGREGATED REVENUE INFORMATION
Set out below is the disaggregation of the Company’ s revenue from contracts with customers
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Geographical Revenue
Type of goods
Revenue from external customers  211,650.38  168,789.15 
Total revenue from contracts with customers 
India  207,065.02  167,120.19 
Outside India  4,585.36  1,668.96 
 211,650.38  168,789.15 
Type of services ( IT Support Services)
Revenue from external customers  605.13  436.95 
Total revenue from contracts with customers 
India  179.45  17.76 
Outside India  425.68  419.19 
 605.13  436.95 
Total revenue from contracts with customers  212,255.51  169,226.10 
NOTE 31.2 : CONTRACT LIABILITIES : MOVEMENT IN CONTRACT LIABILTIES DURING THE YEAR 
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
Opening Balances  5,246.28 
Less: Revenue recognised during the year  73,702.14 
Add: Amount of consideration received during the year (net of adjustments)  74,032.03 
Closing Balances  5,576.17 
Note:
a. Contract liabilities consist of advances received from customers towards supply of products
===== PAGE 143 =====
112 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 31.3 : RECONCILING THE AMOUNT OF REVENUE RECOGNISED IN THE STATEMENT OF PROFIT 
AND LOSS WITH THE CONTRACTED PRICE
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Revenue as per contracted price (goods and services)  217,616.54  174,484.66 
Less: Adjustments
Sales return  1,260.72  1,816.42 
Rebate and discount  4,100.31  3,442.14 
Revenue from contracts with customers  212,255.51  169,226.10 
NOTE 31.4 : PERFORMANCE OBLIGATIONS
The performance obligation for sale of product is satisfied upon on dispatch and payment is generally due within 0 to 45 days from 
delivery.
The performance obligation for sale of services is satisified over the period of time as per contract with customers.
NOTE 32 : OTHER INCOME
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Interest income from:
Bank deposits  7.33  20.31 
Bonds  3,713.11  1,041.83 
Loan given to subsidiary companies (refer note 44)  170.42  296.80 
Inter corporate deposit  45.00  45.00 
Others  44.46  264.84 
Guarantee commision (refer note 44)  107.17  -   
Rental income (refer note below)  239.21  219.86 
Gain on sale/disposal of fixed assets  107.95  -   
Liabilities/provisions no longer required written back  59.43  15.62 
Income from sale of Investments (Mutual funds & Bonds)  1,228.48  1,675.87 
Fair valuation adjustments of Investments designated as FVTPL (refer note b)  -    366.51 
Investment Subsidy received  2.84  2.83 
Sale of non-process scrap  572.20  378.22 
Net gain on foreign currency transactions and translations  684.71  392.54 
Other miscellaneous income  40.07  23.05 
Total  7,022.38  4,743.28 
Note:
a. Includes rental income of `214.73 lakhs (March 31,2021: `188.86  lakhs) from Investment property (refer note 5).
b.  FVTPL of Investments represent fair valuation changes in mutual funds which includes dividend declared and not distributed 
(distributed based on record dates) as at reporting dates which have not been recognised in financial statements.
===== PAGE 144 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 113
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 33 : COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Raw material
Opening inventory  15,016.93  6,987.14 
Add: Purchases  118,759.23  100,118.53 
Less: Sales/adjustments  4,445.35  3,520.03 
Less: Closing inventory (including goods in transit of ` 2,702.45 lakhs (March 31, 2021:  
` 3,786.44 lakhs))  11,702.24  15,016.93 
Raw material consumed  117,628.56  88,568.71 
Packing Material
Opening inventory  648.24  572.55 
Add: Purchases  8,389.09  7,732.55 
Less: Sales/adjustments  765.08  567.49 
Less: Closing inventory (including goods in transit of ` 54.88 lakhs (March 31, 2021:  
` 14.30 lakhs))  781.26  648.24 
Packing material consumed  7,490.98  7,089.37 
Cost of material consumed  125,119.54  95,658.08 
NOTE 34 : PURCHASE OF STOCK IN TRADE
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Traded Goods -Bed sheets/comforters/PU foam/spring/coir mattresses  5,331.06  1,799.48 
Total  5,331.06  1,799.48 
NOTE 35 : OTHER MANUFACTURING EXPENSES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Power and fuel  755.30  650.53 
Repair and maintenance:
- Buildings  119.29  168.67 
- Plant and equipment  906.46  775.47 
Processing and other charges  1,620.77  1,046.82 
Total  3,401.82  2,641.49 
NOTE 36 : CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS, STOCK IN TRADE AND WORK IN 
PROGRESS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Closing stock:
Finished goods  1,281.82  1,075.13 
Stock in trade  840.21  138.23 
Work-in-progress  4,912.92  5,122.10 
Right to recover return goods  166.14  -   
 7,201.09  6,335.46 
===== PAGE 145 =====
114 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Opening stock:
Finished goods  1,075.13  1,175.41 
Stock in trade  138.23  710.34 
Work-in-progress  5,122.10  3,600.01 
Right to recover return goods  -    -   
 6,335.46  5,485.76 
Changes in inventories of finished goods, Stock in Trade and work in progress  (865.63)  (849.70)
NOTE 37 : EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Salaries, wages, allowance, and other benefits  11,275.92  10,257.99 
Contribution to gratuity (refer note 43)  167.29  212.37 
Contribution to provident and other funds  654.37  614.99 
Workmen and staff welfare  1,090.43  886.76 
Total  13,188.01  11,972.11 
NOTE 38 : FINANCE COSTS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Interest expense:
- Security deposits  523.06  754.33 
-On lease liabilities  112.83  28.00 
-Others  50.77  74.39 
Bank Charges  24.29  11.31 
Total  710.95  868.03 
NOTE 39 : DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSE
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Refer Note 3)  3,125.70  3,195.60 
Depreciation on right-of-use assets (Refer Note 4)  91.52  36.58 
Depreciation on investment property (Refer note 5)  21.74  20.37 
Total  3,238.96  3,252.55 
===== PAGE 146 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 115
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 40 : OTHER EXPENSES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
IT Support services  1,320.00  1,170.00 
Bad debts  -    18.69 
Advances/Balances written off  34.18  59.67 
Freight and forwarding  9,203.50  8,038.23 
Rent and hire  151.30  150.04 
Insurance  463.81  412.76 
Rates and taxes  32.03  32.88 
Legal and professional  657.30  489.22 
Other Maintenance  975.65  738.26 
Investment written off  -    1.02 
Selling and promotion  19,031.77  15,443.62 
Travelling and conveyance  861.44  685.31 
Loss on sale/disposal of fixed assets  5.11  1.84 
Warranty  983.10  498.57 
Advertisement  6,379.10  4,536.31 
Property, Plant & Equipment written off  -    13.26 
Contributions towards CSR (refer note 56)  457.53  489.55 
Fair value loss for Investments designated as FVTPL  382.97  -   
Miscellaneous  1,946.48  1,662.17 
Total  42,885.27  34,441.40 
NOTE 40.1 : AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION INCLUDED IN LEGAL AND PROFESSIONAL CHARGES 
(EXCLUDING GST)
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Statutory audit (including limited review)*  36.00  29.04 
Certification*  2.00  3.54 
Out of pocket expenses*  1.00  0.75 
Total  39.00  33.33 
Includes ` 5.43 lakhs (Previous Year: `33.33 lakhs) paid to erstwhile auditors.
NOTE 41. EARNINGS PER SHARE
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Profit for the year attributable to Equity shareholders  19,731.48  18,114.96 
Earnings used in the calculation of basic earnings per share  19,731.48  18,114.96 
Earnings used in the calculation of diluted earnings per share  19,731.48  18,114.96 
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
(Numbers in 
lakhs)
(Numbers in 
lakhs)
Weighted average number of equity shares for the purposes of basic and diluted 
earnings per share  487.83  487.83 
===== PAGE 147 =====
116 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
(` per share) (` per share)
Basic and diluted earnings per share  40.45  37.13 
NOTE 42 : There are no title deeds of Immovable Properties, which not held in name of the Company.
NOTE 43 : EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
A.  Defined contribution plans
  Company’ s employees are covered by Provident Fund and Employees State Insurance Scheme/Fund and National 
Pension Scheme, to which the Company makes a defined contribution measured as a fixed percentage of salary. 
During the year, amount of ` 654.37 lakhs (Previous Year: ` 614.99 lakhs) has been charged to the Statement of 
Profit and Loss towards employer’ s contribution to these schemes/funds as under:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Employer’ s contribution towards Provident Fund(PF)  564.52  529.84 
Employer’ s contribution towards Employees State Insurance (ESI)  55.03  53.43 
Employer’ s contribution towards National Pension Scheme (NPS)  34.82  31.72 
Total  (Refer Note 37)  654.37  614.99 
B.  Long Term Benefit
 Long service award
  Payable to the eligible employees as retention earned leave, after completion of service of five years, which can 
be en-cashed or accumulated till retirement. During the year an amount of `146.01 lakhs (Previous Year: ` 121.89 
lakhs) has been charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss towards the said benefit.
C.  Defined benefit plans
 Gratuity
  The employees’ gratuity fund scheme, which is a defined benefit plan, is managed by a trust with effect from 
2019 is being maintained by Sheela Foam Employees gratuity trust. Under the gratuity plan, every employee 
who has completed atleast five years of service gets a gratuity on departure on 15 days of last drawn salary 
for each completed year of service. The present value of obligation is determined based on actuarial valuation 
using the projected unit credit method, which recognises each period of service as giving rise to additional 
unit of employee benefit entitlement and measures each unit separately to build up the final obligation. 
This plan is governed by the Payment of Gratuity Act 1972, which requires that each employee who has completed 
5 years of service shall be entitled to gratuity which is equal to salary of 15 days for each completed year of service.
 The principal assumptions used for the purposes of the actuarial valuations were as follows:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Discount rate 7.51% 7.08%
Future salary increase/salary escalation 7.00% 5.00%
Retirement age (years)  60  60 
Employee turnover 
18 to 30 years 3.00% 3.00%
From 31 to 45 years 2.00% 2.00%
Above 45 years 1.00% 1.00%
===== PAGE 148 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 117
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
Notes:
i.   The estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take account of inflation, seniority, 
promotion and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.
ii.   Information given for retirement age is based on India’ s standard mortality table with modification to reflect 
expected changes in mortality/ others.
Quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumptions as at March 31 2022 is shown below:
Significant actuarial assumptions for the determination of the defined obligation are discount rate, expected salary 
increase and mortality. The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on reasonably possible changes of 
the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant.
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Increase / (decrease) on present value of defined benefits obligations at the end of the 
year
Discount rate
Increase by 1.00%  (270.71)  (198.06)
Decrease by 1.00%  314.81  233.77 
Salary increase
Increase by 1.00%  313.27  236.36 
Decrease by 1.00%  (274.26)  (203.45)
The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined benefit obligation 
as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the assumptions may 
be correlated.
Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit obligation has been 
calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same as that applied 
in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability recognised in the balance sheet.
There was no change in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from prior years.
The following tables summarise the components of net benefit expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss, 
Other Comprehensive Income and the funded status and amounts recognised in the Balance Sheet for the gratuity 
plan. The present value of the defined benefit obligation and the related current service cost are measured using the 
Projected Unit Credit Method with actuarial valuations being carried out at each balance sheet date.
Expense recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss and Other Comprehensive Income:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Service cost:
  Current service cost  163.82  185.05 
   Past service cost and (gain)/loss from settlements  -   
Net interest expense  3.47  27.32 
Components of defined benefit costs recognised in profit or loss  167.29  212.37 
Remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability:
Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from changes in financial assumptions  483.82  (63.98)
Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from experience adjustments  (9.79)  (100.18)
Return on Plan Asset (Excluding Interest)  5.37  (16.29)
Components of defined benefit costs recognised in other comprehensive income  479.40  (180.45)
Total  646.69  31.92 
===== PAGE 149 =====
118 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
The current service cost and the net interest expense for the year are included in the ‘Employee benefit expenses’ line 
item in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
The remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability is included in other comprehensive income.
The amount included in the balance sheet arising from the entity’ s obligation in respect of its defined benefit plans 
is as follows:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Present value of funded defined benefit obligation  2,441.60  1,821.02 
Fair value of plan assets  (1,838.54)  (1,850.54)
Net liability arising from defined benefit obligation Refer Note 25 (Previous Year Note 20)  603.06  (29.52)
Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation are as follows:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Opening defined benefit obligation  1,821.01  1,891.60 
Current service cost  163.82  185.05 
Interest cost  128.92  128.25 
Remeasurement (gains)/losses:
   Actuarial gains and losses arising from changes in financial assumptions  483.82  (63.98)
   Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments  (9.79)  (100.18)
Benefits paid  (77.68)  (217.66)
Closing defined benefit obligation  2,510.10  1,823.08 
Change in plan assets are as follows:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Opening fair value of plan assets  1,850.52  1,488.68 
Return on plan assets  125.46  100.93 
Fund management charges
Employer contribution  5.00  402.95 
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on Asset  5.37  (16.29)
Benefits paid  (147.81)  (125.73)
Closing fair value of plan assets  1,838.54  1,850.54 
The major categories of plan assets:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Fund managed by insurer  1,838.54  1,850.54 
Total  1,838.54  1,850.54 
===== PAGE 150 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 119
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
Maturity profile of gratuity liability is as follows:
(` in Lakhs)
Y ear For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
0 to 1 year  51.90  63.58 
1 to 2 Year  43.76  81.46 
2 to 3 Year  55.29  42.72 
3 to 4 Year  102.16  55.60 
4 to 5 Year  151.93  96.75 
5 Year onwards  2,036.56  1,480.90 
Expected contribution to the fund in next year.  823.87  134.31 
NOTE 44 :  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
(A)  Names of related parties and nature of relationship are given below :
Relationship Name of the party
A. Subsidiary companies (wholly owned) Joyce Foam Pty Ltd., Australia
 Divya Software Solutions (P) Ltd., India
 Sleepwell Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., India
 International Foam Technologies SL, Spain
 Staqo World Pvt. Ltd., India
 International Comfort Technologies Private Limited., India
B.
Entities in which Key Management 
Personnel or their Relatives have 
significance influence
Rangoli Resorts Pvt. Ltd.
Core Moulding Pvt. Ltd.
Sleepwell Foundation (Trust)
C. Key management personnel  Mr. Rahul Gautam (Managing Director) 
 Mr. Rakesh Chahar (Wholetime Director)
 Mrs. Namita Gautam (Wholetime Director) 
 Mr. Tushaar Gautam (Wholetime Director) 
D. Step-down Subsidiary: Interplasp, SL, Spain, (Subsidiary of International Foam Technologies SL, Spain)
Joyce WC NSW PTY Limited (Subsidiary of Joyce Foam Pty Ltd., Australia)
===== PAGE 151 =====
120 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
(B) Transactions during the year
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
(i) Purchase of material / capital goods
Subsidiaries/Step-down subsidiary
Joyce Foam Pty Ltd., Australia  0.16  0.81 
International Comfort Technologies Private Limited., India  315.96  -   
Interplasp, SL, Spain,  144.98  4.39 
 461.10  5.20 
(ii) Sale of material/ capital goods
Subsidiaries/Step-down subsidiary
Joyce Foam Pty Ltd., Australia  29.57  241.70 
International Comfort Technologies Private Limited., India  3,062.56  -   
Interplasp, SL, Spain,  193.71  104.07 
Sleepwell Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., India  -    3.46 
 3,285.84  349.23 
Related entities
Sleepwell Foundation (Trust)  0.36  0.33 
 3,286.20  349.56 
(iii) Sale of IT support services
Subsidiary
Joyce Foam Pty Ltd., Australia  425.68  419.18 
 425.68  419.18 
(iv) Purchase of IT Support Services
Subsidiary
Staqo World Pvt. Ltd., India  1,320.00  1,170.00 
 1,320.00  1,170.00 
(v) Rent received
Subsidiaries
International Comfort Technologies Private Limited., India  73.70  -   
Divya Software Solutions (P) Ltd., India  0.05  0.18 
Sleepwell Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., India  0.05  0.18 
 73.80  0.36 
(vi) Royalty paid
Subsidiary
Sleepwell Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., India  10.00  10.00 
 10.00  10.00 
(vii) Investment made
Subsidiary
International Comfort Technologies Private Limited., India
- Equity share capital  10.00  -   
-Convertible Preference share capital  2,990.00  -   
 3,000.00  -   
===== PAGE 152 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 121
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
(viii) Key management personnel
Compensation of Key management personnel
Short-term Employee Benefits  1,107.55  1,025.44 
Post Employement Benefits  13.56  12.97 
 1,121.11  1,038.41 
(ix) Rent paid     
Subsidiaries
 Divya Software Solutions (P) Ltd., India  12.00  12.00 
 Sleepwell Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., India  33.21  7.07 
 45.21  19.07 
(x) Contributions for CSR expenses
Related entities
Sleepwell Foundation (Trust)  315.00  325.00 
 315.00  325.00 
(xi) Loan to subsidiary companies
 International Comfort Technologies Private Limited., India  10,800.00  -   
 International Foam Technologies SL, Spain  -    209.43 
 10,800.00  209.43 
(xii) Short term advances to subsidiary company
 International Foam Technologies SL, Spain  -    96.48 
 -    96.48 
(xiii) Repayment of short-term advances/Loans by subsidiary companies
 International Foam Technologies SL, Spain  125.26  506.42 
 International Comfort Technologies Private Limited., India  9,600.00  -   
 9,725.26  506.42 
(xiv) Interest on loan given to subsidiary companies
 International Comfort Technologies Private Limited., India  87.15  -   
 International Foam Technologies SL, Spain  83.27  296.80 
 170.42  296.80 
(xv) Guarantee Commission received
Subsidiary
 Joyce Foam Pty Ltd., Australia  107.17  -   
 107.17  -   
(xvi) Corporate guarentee given during the year
Subsidiary
 International Comfort Technologies Private Limited., India  7,600.00  -   
 7,600.00  -   
===== PAGE 153 =====
122 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
(C) Balances outstanding at the end of the reporting period
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
(i) Subsidiary/step-down subsidiary
Trade payable
International Comfort Technologies Private Limited., India  3.22  -   
Staqo World Pvt. Ltd., India  -    425.49 
 3.22  425.49 
Trade receivable
Joyce Foam Pty Ltd., Australia  135.73  126.53 
Interplasp, SL, Spain,  63.08  18.26 
 198.81  144.79 
Investments
Joyce Foam Pty Ltd., Australia  2,306.59  2,306.59 
Divya Software Solutions (P) Ltd., India  7,602.00  7,602.00 
Sleepwell Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., India  109.20  109.20 
International Foam Technologies SL, Spain  9,638.86  11,352.93 
Staqo World Pvt. Ltd., India  0.73  0.73 
International Comfort Technologies Private Limited., India  -   
- Equity share capital  10.00  -   
- Convertible Preference share capital  2,990.00  -   
 22,657.38  21,371.45 
Loan to subsidiary companies
Short term advances to subsidiary company
International Foam Technologies SL, Spain  6,570.40  4,847.61 
International Comfort Technologies Private Limited., India  1,200.00  -   
 7,770.40  4,847.61 
Interest accrued on loan give to subsidiary company
International Foam Technologies SL, Spain  83.27  125.26 
 83.27  125.26 
Financial /Corporate guarantees (refer note b below)
Joyce Foam Pty Ltd., Australia  8,249.95  2,672.56 
International Foam Technologies SL, Spain  13,450.90  15,251.17 
International Comfort Technologies Private Limited., India  7,600.00  -   
 29,300.85  17,923.73 
Post employee benefit plan for the benefitted employees
SFL Employee Gratuity Trust  603.06  (29.52)
 Notes:
 a.  The transactions with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’ s length 
transactions. Outstanding balances at the year-end for trade payable/receivable are unsecured and interest 
free and loan balances carry interest, further settlements occurs in cash. For the year ended March 31, 2022, 
the Company has not recorded any impairment of receivables relating to amounts owed by related parties. 
This assessment is undertaken each financial year through examining the financial position of the related 
party and the market in which the related party operates.
===== PAGE 154 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 123
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
 b. Details of financial/Corporate guarantees given are as below:
  i.  Company has given a Corporate guarantee of AUD 20 million on April 09, 2021 towards term loan granted 
by Citi Bank, Australia for its subsidiary company Joyce Foam Pty Ltd., Australia.
  ii.  Company has given financial guarantee of EURO 20 million on Sepetmber 25, 2019 towards term loan 
granted by Citi Bank, Spain for its subsidiary company International Foam Technologies SL, Spain.
  iii.  Company has given Corporate guarantee of INR 7000 lacs each on January 18, 2022 and January 19, 
2022 towards term loan granted by Kotak Mahindra bank and JP Morgan Chase Banks respectively for its 
subsidiary company International Comfort Technologies Private Limited, India.
NOTE 45 : DISCLOSURES AS PER IND AS 116 ‘LEASES’
(A) Company as lessee
 (i) The Company’ s significant leasing arrangements are in respect of the following assets:
  (a).  The Company has lease of land and buildings for offices, warehouses and service centres. Right of Use 
Assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated 
useful lives of the assets. The lease terms for leasehold buildings ranges between 3 years to 9 years.
 (ii) The carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the year:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
As at April 1, 2021  199.19  281.99 
Additions  1,896.94  -   
Accretion of interest  112.83  14.36 
Deletion  43.46  68.44 
Closing liability as at March 31, 2022  1,939.84  199.19 
Current  113.12  8.50 
Non current  1,826.72  190.69 
 1,939.84  199.19 
 (iii)  Maturity analysis of the lease liabilities:
(` in Lakhs)
Contractual undiscounted cash flows For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
3 months or less  78.92  -   
3-12 months  241.74  29.75 
1-2 years  336.66  23.65 
2-5 years  778.35  61.35 
More than 5 years  1,564.31  1,523.74 
Total undiscounted lease liability  2,999.98  1,638.49 
Less: Impact of discounting and other adjustments  1,060.14  1,439.30 
Lease liability as at March 31, 2022  1,939.84  199.19 
===== PAGE 155 =====
124 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
 (iv)  The following are the amounts recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Finance cost  112.83  28.00 
Depreciation and amortisation expense  91.52  36.58 
Expenses relating to short term leases  151.30  150.04 
 (v)  The following are the amounts disclosed in the Statement of Cash Flows:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Cash outflow from leases  195.32  14.36 
(B)  Company as lessor
 (i)  The Company has entered into lease agreements to lease the following properties which have been treated 
as “Investment Property” .
Land & Factory Building 
situated at Sikkim
The lease agreement was executed on 1st December, 2016. The said lease is for a term of 10 
years with a clause to enable upward revision of the rental charge after every 3 years. The 
total rent recognized as income during the year is ` 158.40 lakhs (Previous year: ` 153.12 
lakhs).
Residential Flat situated 
at Greater Noida
The lease agreement was executed w.e.f. 15th September, 2018. The said lease was initially 
for a term of 11 months with a clause of subsequent renewal by mutual consent and the 
same being ongoing renewed. The total rent recognized as income during the year is ` 7.20 
lakhs (Previous year: ` 7.08 lakhs).
Land & Factory Building 
situated at Silvassa
The lease agreement was executed w.e.f. 31st August, 2020. The said lease is for an initial 
period of 3 years with a clause of automatically renewal for year-on-year basis until receive 
termination from party. Lease rent will be increased by 5% if both parties agreed on year-
on-year basis. The total rent recognized as income during the year is ` 49.13 lakhs (Previous 
year: 28.66 lakhs ).
 (ii)    During the year the Company has entered agreement to lease its property at Nandigram to its subsidiary 
company for a term of 9 years.
 (iii) The carrying amounts of lease receivables and the movements during the year:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
As at April 1, 2021  -    -   
Additions  1,659.31  -   
Accretion of interest  54.42  -   
Deletion  (72.00)  -   
Closing liability as at March 31, 2022  1,641.73  -   
Current  212.51  -   
Non current  1,429.22  -   
 1,641.73  -   
===== PAGE 156 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 125
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
 (iv) Maturity analysis of the lease assets:
(` in Lakhs)
Contractual undiscounted cash flows For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
3 months or less  51.83  -   
3-12 months  160.68  -   
1-2 years  223.14  -   
2-5 years  738.63  -   
More than 5 years  1,008.21  -   
Total undiscounted lease asset  2,182.49  -   
Less: Impact of interest accruals  (540.76)  -   
Lease receivable as at March 31, 2022  1,641.73  -   
 (v) The following are the amounts recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Interest income  54.43  -   
 (vi) The following are the amounts disclosed in the Statement of Cash Flows:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Cash inflow from leases  72.00  -   
NOTE 46 : FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
The fair value of the financial assets and liabilities is included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged 
in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and 
assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
1.The Company has disclosed financial instruments such as trade receivables, cash and cash equivalents, other bank 
balances, trade payables, other financial assets and liabilities at carrying value because their carrying amounts are a 
reasonable approximation of the fair values due to their short-term nature.
2.Financial instruments with fixed and variable interest rates are evaluated by the Company based on parameters such 
as interest rates and individual credit worthiness of the counter party. Based on this evaluation, allowances are taken to 
the account for the expected losses of these receivables.
NOTE 47 : FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY
The Company uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by 
valuation technique:
Level 1: quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
Level 2:  other techniques for which all inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are observable, 
either directly or indirectly
Level 3:  techniques that use inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on 
observable market data
===== PAGE 157 =====
126 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
Quantitative disclosures of fair value measurement hierarchy for financial instruments as at March 31, 2022:
Fair Value measurement hierarchy of Assets:
Particulars Date of 
Valuation
Total Fair value measurment using Significant 
unobservable 
inputs  
(Level 3)
Quoted prices in 
active markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs (Level 2)
Financial Assets measured at fair value through 
profit and loss
Other Investments March 31, 2022  13,405.25  8,398.45  -    5,006.80 
Financial Assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
Other Investments March 31, 2022  47,876.02  -    47,876.02  -   
Financial Assets measured at amortized cost
Investment in preference shares
March 31, 2022
 2,990.00  -    -    2,990.00 
Other Investments  0.35  -    -    0.35 
Loans  8,333.07  -    -    8,333.07 
Trade receivables  15,163.44  -    -    15,163.44 
Cash and cash equivalents  1,431.36  -    -    1,431.36 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents  31.58  -    -    31.58 
Other financial assets  4,728.04  -    -    4,728.04 
Assets for which Fair Values are disclosed:  March 31,2022  March 31,2021 
Invesment Property  2,591.31  1,946.90 
Fair Value measurement hierarchy of Liabilities:
Particulars Date of 
Valuation
Total Fair value measurment using Significant 
unobservable 
inputs  
(Level 3)
Quoted prices in 
active markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs (Level 2)
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
March 31, 2022
Lease liabilities  1,939.84  -    -    1,939.84 
Trade payables  20,947.69  -    -    20,947.69 
Other financial liabilities  9,164.96  -    -    9,164.96 
Quantitative disclosures of fair value measurement hierarchy for financial instruments as at March 31, 2021:
Fair Value measurement hierarchy of Assets:
Particulars Date of 
Valuation
Total Fair value measurment using Significant 
unobservable 
inputs  
(Level 3)
Quoted prices in 
active markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs (Level 2)
Financial Assets measured at fair value through 
profit and loss
Other Investments March 31, 2021  7,387.88  7,387.88  -    -   
Financial Assets measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income
Other Investments March 31, 2021  33,572.09  -    33,572.09  -   
Financial Assets measured at amortized cost
Other Investments
March 31, 2021
 0.35  -    -    0.35 
Loans  5,416.03  5,416.03 
Trade receivables  16,304.60  -    -    16,304.60 
Cash and cash equivalents  3,503.54  -    3,503.54 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents  47.63  -    -    47.63 
Other financial assets  1,081.70  -    -    1,081.70 
===== PAGE 158 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 127
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
Fair Value measurement hierarchy of Liabilities:
Particulars Date of 
Valuation
Total Fair value measurment using Significant 
unobservable 
inputs  
(Level 3)
Quoted prices in 
active markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs (Level 2)
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
March 31, 2021
Lease liabilities  199.19  -    -    199.19 
Trade payables  23,329.78  -    -    23,329.78 
Other financial liabilities  8,829.66  -    -    8,829.66 
NOTE 48 : FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
The Company’ s principal financial liabilities, comprise of deposits from dealers, trade and other payables. The main 
purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the Company’ s operations. Further, the Company has financial risk 
/ exposure of financial guarantees given to the banks towards security against the loans taken by its subsidiaries, 
however, considering that there is no expected credit losses, there is no financial liability as at the yearend on this 
account. The Company’ s principal financial assets include investments, loans, trade and other receivables, cash and 
cash equivalents and other bank balances that are derived directly from its operations
The Company’ s financial risk management is an integral part of how to plan and execute its business strategies. The 
Company is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk.
The Company’ s senior management oversees the management of these risks. The senior professionals working to 
manage the financial risks and the appropriate financial risk governance framework for the Company are accountable to 
the Board of Directors and Audit Committee. This process provides assurance to Company’ s senior management that 
the Company’ s financial risk-taking activities are governed by appropriate policies and procedures and that financial risk 
are identified, measured and managed in accordance with Company policies and Company risk objective.
The management reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks which are summarized as below:
a) Market risk
 Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market prices. Market prices comprises three types of risk: currency rate risk, interest rate risk and 
other price risks, such as equity price risk and commodity price risk. Financial instruments affected by market risks 
include deposits from dealers, investments and foreign currency receivables and payables.
 The sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the position as at 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021.
 The analyses exclude the impact of movements in market variables on; the carrying values of gratuity and other 
post-retirement obligations; provisions; and the non-financial assets and liabilities.
 The sensitivity of the relevant Profit and Loss item is the effect of the assumed changes in the respective market 
risks. This is based on the financial assets and financial liabilities held as of March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021.
(i)  Foreign currency risk
 Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company’ s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange 
rates relates primarily to the Company’ s operating activities (when revenue or expense is denominated in foreign 
currency). The Company evaluates exchange rate exposure arising from foreign currency transactions and follows 
established risk management policies. The Company is exposed to foreign currencies such as “USD” , “ AED” , “ AUD” , 
“GBP” and “Euro” .
===== PAGE 159 =====
128 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
 The carrying amount of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the end of 
the reporting period are as follows:
Particulars Currency As at  
March 31, 2022
As at  
March 31, 2021
Trade payables USD  (1,961.53)  (1,155.46)
EURO  (47.79)  (208.94)
GBP  (19.28)  (6.20)
AUD  (0.16)  -   
Advance From Customers USD  (147.84)  (85.99)
Trade receivables USD  178.82  168.29 
AUD  135.89  126.53 
EURO  59.39  -   
Advance to vendors EURO  0.12  39.88 
GBP  -    356.05 
USD  104.57  104.71 
Loan to Subsidiary Company EURO  6,570.40  4,847.61 
Bank balance USD  1.36  -   
AED  0.11  -   
Net assets / (liabilities)  4,874.06  4,186.48 
 Foreign currency sensitivity analysis
 The Company is mainly exposed to USD, EURO, GBP and AUD . The following table demonstrate the sensitivity to 
a reasonably possible change in respective exchange rates, with all other variables held constant.
 The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items as tabulated 
above and adjusts their translation at the period end for sensitivity change in foreign currency rates. A positive 
number below indicates an increase in profit or equity and vice-versa.
 Foreign currency sensitivity 
Currency % As at  
March 31, 2022
% As at  
March 31, 2021
USD 2%  (40.70) 2%  (15.57)
-2%  40.70 -2%  15.57 
EURO 3%  203.15 5%  228.18 
-3%  (203.15) -5%  (228.18)
GBP 2%  (0.41) 5%  17.57 
-2%  0.41 -5%  (17.57)
AUD 4%  5.25 9%  11.95 
-4%  (5.25) -9%  (11.95)
(ii) Interest risk
 Interest rate is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market interest rates. Company’ s financial liabilities comprises mainly of interest-bearing deposits with 
dealers, however, these are not exposed to risk of fluctuation in market interest rate as the rates are fixed at the 
time of contract/agreement and do not change for any market fluctuation.
(iii)  Commodity price risk
 The Company is affected by the price volatility of certain commodities. Its operating activities require the ongoing 
manufacture of bedding articles, home comfort products, furniture cushioning and specialized foam and therefore 
require a continuous supply of raw materials i.e. TDI and Polyol being the major input used in the manufacturing. 
Due to the significantly increased volatility of the price of the TDI and Polyol, the Company has entered into 
===== PAGE 160 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 129
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
various purchase contracts for these material for which there is an active market. The Company’ s management 
has developed and enacted a risk management strategy regarding commodity price risk and its mitigation. The 
Company partly mitigated the risk of price volatility by entering into the contract for the purchase of these material 
and further the Company increases prices of its products as and when appropriate to minimize the impact of 
increase in raw material prices.
b)  Credit risk
 Credit Risk is the risk that the counter party will not meet its obligation under a financial instrument, leading to 
a financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (primarily trade receivables) 
and from its financing activities, including deposits with banks, foreign exchange transactions and other financial 
instruments.The maximum exposure to credit risk is equal to the carrying value of the financial assets. The 
objective of managing counterparty credit risk is to prevent losses in financial assets. The Company assesses the 
credit quality of the counterparties, taking into account their financial position, past experience and other factors.
(i)  Trade receivables
 Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the Company’ s established policy, procedures 
and control relating to customer credit risk management. Credit quality of a customer is assessed based on an 
extensive credit rating review and individual credit limits are defined in accordance with this assessment. The 
Company regularly monitors its outstanding customer receivables.
 An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on trade receivables by lifetime expected credit loss 
method based on provision matrix. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value 
of each class of financial assets. The Company does not hold collateral as security. The Company evaluates the 
concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low, as its customers are located in several jurisdictions 
and industries and operate in largely independent markets.
(ii)  Financial instruments and cash deposits
 Credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by the Company’ s finance department in 
accordance with the Company’ s policy. Investments of surplus funds are made in bank deposits, bonds, debentures 
and mutual funds. The limits are set to minimize the concentration of risks and therefore mitigate financial loss 
through counter party’ s potential failure to make payments.
 The Company’ s maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of the balance sheet at March 31, 2022 and 
March 31, 2021 is the carrying amounts which are given below. Trade Receivables and other financial assets are 
written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as debtor failing to engage in the repayment 
plan with the Company.
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022
As at  
March 31, 2021
Non-current assets
'- Other Investments  52,883.17  30,359.99 
- Loans  7,778.00  4,860.79 
- Other non-current financial assets  1,802.46  212.75 
Current assets
'- Other Investments  8,398.45  10,600.33 
- Trade receivables  15,163.44  16,304.60 
- Cash and cash equivalents  1,431.36  3,503.54 
- Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents  31.58  47.63 
- Loans  555.07  555.24 
- Other current financial asset  2,925.59  868.95 
Total  90,969.12  67,313.81 
===== PAGE 161 =====
130 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
(c) Liquidity risk
 Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the Company will not be able to settle or meet its obligations on time or 
at reasonable price. The Company’ s objective is to at all times maintain optimum levels of liquidity to meet its 
cash and liquidity requirements. The Company closely monitors its liquidity position and deploys a robust cash 
management system. It maintains adequate source of financing through the use of short-term bank deposits, 
short term investments and cash credit facility. Processes and policies related to such risks are overseen by senior 
management. Management monitors the Company’ s liquidity position through rolling forecasts on the basis of 
expected cash flows. The Company assessed the concentration of risk with respect to its debt and concluded it to 
be very low
  The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Company’ s financial liabilities based on contractual 
undiscounted payments
Particulars Less than 1 Y ear More than 1 Y ear Total
Y ear ended March 31, 2022
Trade payables  20,947.70  -    20,947.70 
Other financial liabilities  4,130.88  5,034.08  9,164.96 
 25,078.58  5,034.08  30,112.65 
Y ear ended March 31, 2021
Trade payables  23,329.78  -    23,329.78 
Other financial liabilities  3,811.53  5,018.13  8,829.66 
 27,141.31  5,018.13  32,159.44 
NOTE 49: CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
For the purpose of the Company’ s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital and all other equity 
reserves attributable to the equity holders. The primary objective of the Company’ s capital management is to maximize 
the shareholder value and to ensure the Company’ s ability to continue as a going concern.
The Company has not distributed any dividend to its shareholders. The Company monitors gearing ratio i.e. total debt 
in proportion to its overall financing structure, i.e. equity and debt. There is no debt in the company. The Company 
manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it in the light of changes in economic conditions and the risk 
characteristics of the underlying assets.
No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 March 
2022, 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2020.
NOTE 50 : COMMITMENTS FOR EXPENDITURE
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2022
As at 
March 31, 2021
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not 
provided for (Net of advances of ` 181.20 & March 31,2021:  ` 225.12)  379.12  3,454.69 
 379.12  3,454.69 
===== PAGE 162 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 131
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 51 : CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2022
As at 
March 31, 2021
(a) Claims against the company not acknowledged as debt (refer note below)
Disputed liabilities not adjusted as expenses in the Accounts for various years being in 
appeals towards
- Sales tax  480.99  888.28 
- Entry tax  194.11  165.24 
- Income tax  439.12  447.57 
- Excise Duty  410.57  380.46 
(b) Guarantees given by the Bankers on behalf of the Company to third parties  56.19  43.04 
(c) Other money for which the company is contingently liable  75.00  75.00 
Note:
The Company is contesting these demands and the management including its advisers are of the view that these 
demands may not be sustainable at the appellate level. The management believes that the ultimate outcome of these 
proceedings will not have any material adverse effect on the Company’ s financial position and results of operations. 
The Company does not expect any reimbursement in respect of these contingent liabilities, and it is not practicable to 
estimate the timing of cash outflows, if any, in respect of these matters, pending resolution of the appellant proceedings.
NOTE: 52 DISCLOSURE REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 186 (4) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013. 
Name of the Investee Nature of 
Transaction
Purpose for which it is utilized 2021-22 2020-21
During the 
Y ear
Outstanding 
Balance
During the 
Y ear
Outstanding 
Balance
Wholly Owned Subsidiaries
Joyce Foam Pty. Ltd., Australia, Investment
Manufacturing of technical foam supplied to 
Business to Business customers (mattress and 
furniture manufacturers) in Australia
 -    2,306.59  -   2,306.59
Financial 
Guarantee given
Corporate guarantee given to bank for security 
towards long term working capital facility availed 
by the said Subsidiary.
 -    8,249.95  -   2,672.56
Divya Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd., India Investment Engaged in Software development and related 
ancillary activities  -    7,602.00  -   7602
 -    -   
Sleepwell Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., India Investment
The  Company, which is holding ownership of 
Sleepwell and other brands related to foam, 
mattress & other products.
 -    109.20  -   109.2
International Foam Technologies SL, 
Spain Investment To invest in a running Company in Spain, engaged 
in manufacturing of Polyurethane Foam.  -    9,638.86  -   11352
Financial 
Guarantee  -    13,450.90  -   15,251.16
Loans 
Upfront fees paid on behalf of Subsidiary on 
account of Loan taken from Citi Bank Spain and 
other advance.
 -    6,570.40 209.44 4,847.61
Advance  -    -    (409.34) 409.34
SleepX US Inc. USA Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary (investment w.e.f. 04.10.2019 
and dissolved on 29.03.2021)
Investment Marketing of the products of the Company in 
USA.  -    -   
1.02 
(Written 
off on 
dissolution)
 -   
Staqo World Pvt. Ltd., India Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary , (w.e.f. 10.02.2020) Investment To carry on business of Information technology 
and related ancillary services.  -    0.73  -   0.73
International comfort Technologies 
Private Limited (w e f.01-10-2021)
Investment in 
equity shares
Manufacturer of technical foam supplied to 
Business to Business  customers (mattress and 
furniture manufacturers) 
 10.00  10.00  -    -   
Investment in 
preference shares  2,990.00  2,990.00  -    -   
Loan  1,200.00  1,200.00  -    -   
Corporate 
Guarentee 
Corporate guarantee given to bank for security 
towards long term term loan facility availed by 
the said Subsidiary.
 7,600.00  7,600.00  -    -   
===== PAGE 163 =====
132 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 53 : SEGMENT INFORMATION
Operating segment information
The Company is engaged in the manufacturing of the products of same type/class and has no overseas operations/
units and as such there is no reportable segment as per Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS-108) dealing with the 
operating segments.
Geographical information
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Revenue from external customer
Sale of products & services
Within India  207,244.47  167,137.95 
Outside India  5,011.04  2,088.15 
Total revenue  212,255.51  169,226.10 
The revenue information is based on location of customer.
Non-current operating assets
The Company has common non-current operating assets for domestic as well as overseas market. Hence, separate 
figures for these assets are not required to be furnished.
NOTE 54 : TRANSFER PRICING
The Company has appointed an independent consultant for conducting a Transfer Pricing Study to determine whether 
the transactions with associate enterprises undertaken during the financial year are on an “arm’ s length basis” . The 
Transfer Pricing study under the Income Tax Act, 1961 in respect of transaction with the group companies for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2022 is not yet complete. Adjustments, if any, arising from Transfer Pricing study shall be 
accounted for as and when the study is completed. The management confirms that all international transactions with 
associate enterprises are undertaken at negotiated contracted prices on usual commercial terms. During the current 
year, the Tranfer Pricing certificate under section 92E of Income Tax Act, 1961 for the year ended March 31, 2021 has 
been obtained and there are no adverse comments requiring adjustments.
NOTE 55 : EXPOSURE TOWARDS MICRO, SMALL AND MEDIUM ENTERPRISES
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
I The details of amounts outstanding to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises based 
on available information with the Company are as under:
(i)   The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any 
supplier.
 Principal amount:  444.61  1,168.31 
 Interest:  -    -   
(ii)   The amount of interest paid by the Company along with the amounts of the 
payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day for the year ending.  -    -   
(iii)   The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making 
payment (beyond the appointed day during the year).  -    -   
(iv)  The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid for the year ending.  -    -   
(v)  The amount of further interest remaining due and payable for the earlier years.  -    -   
  The Information has been given in respect of such suppliers to the extant they could be identified as “Micro and 
Small” enterprises on the basis of information available with the Company. Further, the amount payable to these 
parties is not overdue hence no interest is required to provided/accrued as at March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021
II   The credit period for purchase of goods and services are normally up to 30 days. No interest is chargeable on trade 
payables.
===== PAGE 164 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 133
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 56 : CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
As per provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has to incur at least 2% of average net profits 
of the preceding three financial years towards Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”). Accordingly, a CSR committee 
has been formed for carrying out CSR activities. The areas for CSR activities are eradication of hunger and malnutrition, 
promoting education, art and culture, healthcare, destitute care and rehabilitation and rural development projects as 
per the Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013.
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
a) Gross amount required to be spent as per section 135 of the Act  409.07  372.91 
Add: Amount Unspent from previous years  -    -   
Total Gross amount required to be spent during the year  409.07  372.91 
b) Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year  457.53  489.55 
c) Amount spent during the year on
(i) Construction/acquisition of an asset  -    -   
(ii) On purposes other than (i) above  457.53  489.55 
d) Details related to amount spent .
Contribution to Sleepwell Foundation Trust  315.00  325.00 
Spent on Health Support , Promoting education including employement enhancing 
vocational skills.  142.53  164.55 
 457.53  489.55 
e) Details of CSR expenditure in respect of other than ongoing projects
Balance unspent as at opening  -    -   
Amount deposited in Specified Fund of Schedule VII of the Act within 6 months  -    -   
Amount required to be spent during the year  457.53  489.55 
Amount spent during the year  457.53  489.55 
Balance unspent as at closing  -    -   
f) Corporate social responcibility expenses of company are managed by related party 
-Sleepwell foundation (refer note no. 44 )
NOTE 57 : DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND UNHEDGED FOREIGN CURRENCY EXPOSURE
Particulars of unhedged foreign currency exposure as at balance sheet date:
Particulars Currency As at March 31, 2022 As at March 31, 2021
Amount in 
foreign currency
In INR Amount in 
foreign currency
In INR
Trade payables USD  25.34  (1,961.53)  15.37  (1,155.46)
EURO  0.55  (47.79)  2.47  (208.94)
GBP  0.19  (19.28)  0.06  (6.20)
AUD  0.00  (0.16)  -    -   
Advance From Customers USD  1.91  (147.84)  1.14  (85.99)
Trade receivables USD  2.42  178.82  2.27  168.29 
AUD  2.47  135.89  2.33  126.53 
EURO  0.72  59.39  -    -   
Advance to vendors EURO  0.00  0.12  0.48  39.88 
GBP  -    -    3.63  356.05 
USD  1.41  104.57  1.46  104.71 
Loan to Subsidiary Company EURO  80.00  6,570.40  80.00  4,847.61 
Bank balance AED  590.00  0.11  -    -   
USD  1,830.00  1.36  -    -   
===== PAGE 165 =====
134 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 58 : INCOME TAX RECOGNISED IN PROFIT OR LOSS
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Current tax
In respect of current year  7,054.57  6,193.49 
Tax expenses related to earlier years  (22.27)  (42.32)
 7,032.30  6,151.17 
Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of temporary differences  (346.52)  150.33 
 (346.52)  150.33 
Total income tax expense recognised in the current year  6,685.78  6,301.50 
The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the accounting profit as follows:
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Profit before tax (Including Other comprehensive income)  26,300.90  24,626.37 
Income tax expense calculated at 25.168%  6,619.41  6,197.97 
Effect of expenses that are not deductible in determining taxable profit  115.15  -   
Effect of difference in tax rates  (39.25)  -   
Others  12.74  145.85 
 6,708.05  6,343.82 
Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to tax of prior years  (22.27)  (42.32)
Income tax expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  6,685.78  6,301.50 
Effective Tax Rate 25.42% 25.59%
NOTE 59 : THE CODE ON SOCIAL SECURITY 2020
The Code on Social Security 2020 (‘the Code’) relating to employee benefits, during the employment and post-
employment, has received Presidential assent on September 28, 2020. The Code has been published in the Gazette 
of India. Further, the Ministry of Labour and Employment has released draft rules for the Code on November 13, 2020. 
However, the effective date from which the changes are applicable is yet to be notified and rules for quantifying the 
financial impact are also not yet issued.
The Company will assess the impact of the Code and will give appropriate impact in the financial statements in the 
period in which, the Code becomes effective and the related rules to determine the financial impact are published.
===== PAGE 166 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 135
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 60 : DISCLOSURE FOR SPECIFIC RATIOS
Particulars Formula Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Variance Reasons for 
variances
Numerator Denominator
Current Ratio Current Assets 
/ Current 
Liabilities
Current Assets= 
Inventories+Financial 
assets+ Other current 
assets
Current Liabilities= 
Financial Liabilities+Short 
Term Provisions+ Current 
Tax Liabilities+Other 
current laibilities
 1.56  1.67 7%
Debt equity Ratio Debt / Equity Non current 
borrowings+ Current 
Liabilities 
Equity share capital + 
Other Equty
 -    -    -   
Trade payable 
turnover Ratio
Net Credit 
Purchases / 
Average Trade 
Payables
Net credit purchases 
=Cost of material 
consumed +Purchase 
of traded goods 
+Other manufacturing 
expenses +Changes in 
inventories of finished 
goods , traded goods & 
work in progress
Average Trade Payables 
=Total outstanding dues 
of micro enterprises and 
small enterprises+ Total 
outstanding dues of 
creditors other than micro 
enterprises and small 
enterprises
 6.35  4.25 33% Improvments in 
payable turnover 
ratio is due to 
reduction in payable 
repayment time
Net capital 
turnover Ratio
Revenue / 
Average Working 
Capital
Revenue =Revenue 
from operations
Average working Capital= 
Current asset -Current 
Liability
 22.69  10.35 54% There is 
improvement in 
Capital turnover ratio 
due to increase in 
total revenue of the 
company & optimum 
utilsation of working 
capital .
Debt Service 
coverage ratio
Net Operating 
Income / Debt 
Service 
Net Operating Income 
= Total comprehensive 
income for the year 
+ Finance costs + 
Depreciation and 
amortisation expense 
Debt service=Finance 
costs + Lease payments + 
Principal payments
 0.03  0.04 -16%
Net Profit Ratio Net Profit / Net 
Sales
Net Profit = Total 
comprehensive income 
for the year
Net Sales =Revenue from 
operations
 0.09  0.11 -17%
Return on Equity 
Ratio
Profit after 
tax less pref. 
Dividend x 100 
/ Shareholder's 
Equity
Total comprehensive 
income for the year 
Shareholders Equity=Total 
Equity
 0.16  0.18 -12%
Return on capital 
employed
EBIT / Capital 
Employed
EBIT= Profit before tax + 
Finance costs 
Capital Employed = Total 
assets -current liabilities
 0.21  0.23 -12%
Inventory 
turnover Ratio
Cost of Goods 
Sold / Average 
Inventory
Cost of goods sold 
=Cost of material 
consumed +Purchase 
of traded goods 
+Other manufacturing 
expenses +Changes in 
inventories of finished 
goods , traded goods & 
work in progress
Average Inventory= 
(Opening Inventory + 
Closing Inventory )/2
 6.16  5.04 18%
Return on 
investment
Net Profit / Net 
Investment
Net Profit= Profit before 
tax + Finance costs 
Net Investment  = 
Total Equity + Current 
borrowings + Non Current 
borrowings
 0.22  0.25 11%
Trade receivables 
turnover ratio
Net Credit Sales 
/ Average Trade 
Receivables
Net Credit sales 
=Revenue from 
operations
Average Trade 
Receiviables =Trade 
Receiviables
 13.50  11.70 -13% Trade Receivable 
ratio has decreased 
indicating higher 
DSO with debtors
===== PAGE 167 =====
136 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 61:
(i)  The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
 (a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
 (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries”
(ii)  The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding 
Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
 (a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
 (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries,
NOTE 62 : EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
There are no significant adjusting events after the reporting period.
NOTE 63 : DETAILS OF CRYPTO CURRENCY OR VIRTUAL CURRENCY
The company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual currency during the financial year.
NOTE 64 : UNDISCLOSED INCOME
The Company does not have any undisclosed income which is not recorded in the books of account that has been 
surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, 
search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
NOTE 65: DETAILS OF BENAMI PROPERTY HELD
The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the 
company for holding any Benami property.
NOTE 66: RELATIONSHIP WITH STRUCK OFF COMPANIES UNDER SECTION 248 OF THE COMPANIES 
ACT, 2013 OR SECTION 560 OF COMPANIES ACT, 1956
The Company does not have any transactions with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act, 2013 
or section 560 of Companies Act, 1956.
===== PAGE 168 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 137
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 67: RECONCILIATION OF MONTHLY RETURNS OR STATEMENTS OF CURRENT ASSETS FILED 
WITH BANKS OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
31 March 2022
Month Name of bank Particulars of Securities Provided Amount as 
per books of 
account
Amount as 
reported in 
the Monthly  
statement
Amount of 
difference
Reason for 
material 
discrepancies
Apr-21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  28,090.01  28,090.01  -    -   
May-21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  25,909.24  25,909.24  -    -   
Jun-21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  23,930.09  23,930.09  -    -   
Jul-21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  24,797.80  24,797.80  -    -   
Aug-21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  26,151.99  26,151.99  -    -   
Sep-21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  29,075.37  29,075.37  -    -   
Oct-21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  32,969.64  32,969.64  -    -   
Nov-21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  29,760.13  29,760.13  -    -   
Dec-21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  27,449.27  27,449.27  -    -   
Jan-22 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  26,551.13  26,551.13  -    -   
Feb-22 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  25,878.66  25,878.66  -    -   
Mar-22 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  26,924.84  26,924.84  -    -   
31 March 2021
Quarter Name of bank Particulars of Securities Provided Amount as 
per books of 
account
Amount as 
reported in 
the Monthly  
statement
Amount of 
difference
Reason for 
material 
discrepancies
Apr-20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  19,479  19,479  -    -   
May-20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  17,604  17,604  -    -   
Jun-20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  16,686  16,686  -    -   
Jul-20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  17,774  17,774  -    -   
Aug-20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  19,611  19,611  -    -   
Sep-20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  19,934  19,934  -    -   
Oct-20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  24,515  24,515  -    -   
Nov-20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  26,910  26,910  -    -   
Dec-20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  25,824  25,824  -    -   
Jan-21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  25,748  25,748  -    -   
Feb-21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  24,489  24,489  -    -   
Mar-21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances from 
customers) & Inventories  26,441  26,441  -    -   
===== PAGE 169 =====
138 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 68: THE FOLLOWING DISCLOSURES SHALL BE MADE WHERE LOANS OR ADVANCES IN THE 
NATURE OF LOANS ARE GRANTED TO PROMOTERS, DIRECTORS, KMPS AND THE RELATED PARTIES 
(AS DEFINED UNDER COMPANIES ACT, 2013), EITHER SEVERALLY OR JOINTLY WITH ANY OTHER 
PERSON, THAT ARE:
Particulars March 31, 2022 March 31, 2021
Type of Borrower Loans/Advances 
granted 
Individually or 
Jointly with other
Repayable 
on demand 
(Y es / No)
Terms/Period 
of repayment 
is specified 
(Y es / No)
Amount 
outstanding
% of Total Amount 
outstanding
% of Total
Related Parties 
(Subsidiary Company)  10,800.00 Yes Yes  1,200.00 14.40%  -   0.00%
 6,570.40 No Yes  6,570.40 78.85%  4,847.61 89.50%
NOTE 69: REGISTRATION OF CHARGES OR SATISFACTION WITH REGISTRAR OF COMPANIES
A brief description of the 
charges or satisfaction 
The location of 
the Registrar
The period (in days or 
months) by which such 
charge had to be registered 
as on March 31, 2022
The period (in days or 
months) by which such 
charge had to be registered 
as on March 31, 2021
Reason for delay 
in registration
The floating charge is 
created on current assets 
including book debt & on 
Immovable property or any 
interest therein.
ROC-DELHI 30 days from the certified 
copy of hypothecation deed 
execute between bank & 
company 
30 days from the certified 
copy of hypothecation deed 
execute between bank & 
company 
There is no delay 
in registeration of 
Charge.
NOTE 70 : COMPLIANCE WITH NUMBER OF LAYERS OF COMPANIES
The Company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
NOTE 71: FOLLOWING ARE THE RECLASSIFICATIONS MADE IN THE PREVIOUS YEAR FIGURES TO 
MAKE THEM COMPARABLE/ BETTER PRESENTATION WITH THE CURRENT YEAR FIGURES:
Particulars March 31,2021 March 31,2021 Nature
(Revised) (Published)
Liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities
Financial Liabilities
 (iii) Other Financial Liabilities  5,018.13  8,444.62 Reclassification items
Current Liabilities
Trade Payable  23,329.72  16,020.56 Reclassification items
Financial Liabilities
 (iii) Other Financial Liabilities  3,811.53  8,373.06 Reclassification items
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these standalone financial statements.
As per our Report of even date
For MSKA & ASSOCIATES For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Chartered Accountants Sheela Foam Limited
Firm Registration No.: 105047W CIN: L74899DL1971PLC005679
Manish P Bathija Rahul Gautam T ushaar Gautam Nikhil Ghanashyam Datye
Partner Managing Director Whole Time Director Chief Financial Officer
Membership No.: 216706 DIN:00192999 DIN:01646487
Md. Iquebal Ahmad
Company Secretary
Place: Gurugram Place: Noida Membership No.: A20921
Date: May 12, 2022 Date: May 12, 2022
===== PAGE 170 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 139
REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OPINION
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial 
statements of Sheela Foam Limited (hereinafter referred 
to as the “Holding Company”) and its subsidiaries (Holding 
Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the 
Group”), which comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
as at March 31, 2022, and the Consolidated Statement of 
Profit and Loss, the Consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Equity and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
for the year then ended, and notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, including a summary of significant 
accounting policies and other explanatory information 
(hereinafter referred to as “the consolidated financial 
statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us, and based 
on consideration of reports of other auditors on 
separate financial statements and on the other financial 
information of subsidiaries, the aforesaid consolidated 
financial statements give the information required by 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so 
required and give a true and fair view in conformity 
with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under 
section 133 of the Act read with Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended and 
other accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
of their consolidated state of affairs of the Group as at 
March 31, 2022, of consolidated profit, consolidated 
changes in equity and its consolidated cash flows for the 
year then ended.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards 
on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of 
the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards 
are further described in the Auditor’ s Responsibilities 
for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
section of our report. We are independent of the Group 
in accordance with the ethical requirements that are 
relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements in India in terms of the Code of Ethics issued 
by Institute of Chartered Accountant of India (“ICAI”), and 
the relevant provisions of the Act and we have fulfilled 
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence 
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide 
a basis for our opinion.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our 
professional judgment, were of most significance in our 
Independent Auditor’ s Report 
To the Members of Sheela Foam Limited 
audit of the consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended March 31, 2022. These matters were addressed 
in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion 
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on 
these matters.
DESCRIPTION OF KEY AUDIT MATTER
Impairment of Goodwill
Refer Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements
Group has a Goodwill of INR 25,198.56 lacs as on March 
31, 2022. In determining the fair value/ value in use 
of subsidiaries, the Group has applied judgment in 
estimating future revenues, operating profit margins, 
long term growth rate and discount rates. The carrying 
value of goodwill is tested annually for impairment. The 
Group performed its annual impairment test of goodwill 
and determined that there was no impairment.
Due to the significance of the carrying value of goodwill 
and judgment involved in performing impairment test, 
we have identified this as a key audit matter.
DESCRIPTION OF AUDITOR’S RESPONSE
We evaluated the judgement and estimation used by 
management in recognising the Impairment of Goodwill. 
Our procedures included, but were not limited to the 
following:
a) Obtained an understanding from the management 
with respect to process and controls followed by the 
Group to perform annual impairment test related to 
goodwill;
b) Obtained the impairment analysis model from the 
management and reviewed their conclusions;
c) Tested the inputs used in the Model by examining the 
underlying data and validating the future projections 
by comparing past projections with actual results;
d) Assessed the reasonableness of the assumptions 
used and appropriateness of the valuation 
methodology applied. Tested the discount rate and 
longterm growth rates used in the forecast including 
comparison to economic and industry forecasts 
where appropriate;
e) Reconciled the future operating cash flow forecasts 
with the business plan approved by the Company’ s 
board of directors;
f) Evaluated the appropriateness of the disclosures 
made in the consolidated financial statement in 
===== PAGE 171 =====
140 | Sheela Foam Limited
relation to the above as required under applicable 
accounting standards.
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 
AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON
The Holding Company’ s Board of Directors is responsible 
for the other information. The other information 
comprises the information included in the Director’ s 
report but does not include the consolidated financial 
statements and our auditor’ s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements 
does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements, our responsibility is to read the 
other information and, in doing so, consider whether 
the other information is materially inconsistent with 
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge 
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially 
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we 
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this 
other information, we are required to report that fact. We 
have nothing to report in this regard.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND 
THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Holding Company’ s Board of Directors is 
responsible for the preparation and presentation of 
these consolidated financial statements in term of the 
requirements of the Act that give a true and fair view 
of the consolidated financial position, consolidated 
financial performance and consolidated cash flows of 
the Group in accordance with the accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, including the Accounting 
Standards specified under section 133 of the Act. The 
respective Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are responsible for maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of 
the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Group and for 
preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; 
the selection and application of appropriate accounting 
policies; making judgments and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation 
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, 
that were operating effectively for ensuring accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, relevant 
to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated 
financial statements that give a true and fair view and 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to 
fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of 
preparation of the consolidated financial statements by 
the Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the 
respective Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are responsible for assessing the ability of 
the Group to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as 
applicable, matters related to going concern and using 
the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board 
of Directors either intends to liquidate the Group or to 
cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do 
so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies 
included in the Group are responsible for overseeing 
the financial reporting process of the Group and of its 
associates and jointly controlled entities.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE 
AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the consolidated financial statements as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’ s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high 
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with Standards on Auditing 
(“SAs”) will always detect a material misstatement when 
it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and 
are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, 
they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
consolidated financial statements.
We give in “ Annexure A” a detailed description of Auditor’ s 
responsibilities for Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.
OTHER MATTERS
a. We did not audit the financial statements of 7 
subsidiaries (including 2 step down subsidiaries) 
whose financial statements reflect total assets of 
`92,917.40 lacs as at March 31, 2022, total revenues 
of `87,715.45 lacs and net cash flows amounting 
to `385.83 lacs for the year ended on that date, as 
considered in the consolidated financial statements. 
These financial statements have been audited by 
other auditors whose reports have been furnished 
to us by the Management and our opinion on the 
consolidated financial statements, in so far as it 
relates to the amounts and disclosures included in 
respect of these subsidiaries and our report in terms 
of sub-section (3) of Section 143 of the Act, in so far 
as it relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries is based 
solely on the reports of the other auditors.
 Certain of these subsidiaries are located outside 
India whose financial statements and other financial 
information have been prepared in accordance with 
accounting principles generally accepted in their 
respective countries and which have been audited 
by other auditors under generally accepted auditing 
standards applicable in their respective countries. 
===== PAGE 172 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 141
The Holding Company’ s management has converted 
the financial statements of such subsidiaries located 
outside India from accounting principles generally 
accepted in their respective countries to accounting 
principles generally accepted in India. We have 
audited these conversion adjustments made by 
the Holding Company’ s management. Our opinion 
in so far as it relates to the balances and affairs of 
such subsidiaries located outside India is based 
on the report of other auditors and the conversion 
adjustments prepared by the management of the 
Holding Company and audited by us.
b. The consolidated Ind AS financial statements of 
the Group for the year ended March 31, 2021, were 
audited by another auditor whose report dated 
¬¬¬May 29, 2021 expressed an unmodified opinion 
on those statements.
 Our opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements, and our report on Other Legal and 
Regulatory Requirements below, is not modified in 
respect of the above matters with respect to our 
reliance on the work done and the reports of the 
other auditors and the financial statements certified 
by the Management.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS
1. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report, 
to the extent applicable, that:
a. We have sought and obtained all the 
information and explanations which to the best 
of our knowledge and belief were necessary 
for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid 
consolidated financial statements.
b. In our opinion, proper books of account as 
required by law relating to preparation of the 
aforesaid consolidated financial statements 
have been kept so far as it appears from our 
examination of those books and the reports of 
the other auditors.
c. The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss, the 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow 
dealt with by this Report are in agreement with 
the relevant books of account maintained for 
the purpose of preparation of the consolidated 
financial statements.
d. In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated 
financial statements comply with the 
Accounting Standards specified under Section 
133 of the Act read with Rule 7 of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014.
e. On the basis of the written representations 
received from the directors of the Holding 
Company as on March 31, 2022 taken on 
record by the Board of Directors of the 
Holding Company and the reports of the 
statutory auditors of its subsidiary companies 
incorporated in India, none of the directors of 
the Group companies incorporated in India are 
disqualified as on March 31, 2022 from being 
appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 
(2) of the Act.
f. With respect to the adequacy of internal 
financial controls over financial reporting of 
the Group and the operating effectiveness of 
such controls, refer to our separate report in 
“ Annexure B” .
g. With respect to the other matters to be included 
in the Auditor’ s Report in accordance with Rule 
11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditor’ s) Rules, 
2014, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations 
given to us:
 i. There were no pending litigations which 
would impact the consolidated financial 
position of the Group. The consolidated 
financial statements disclose the impact 
of pending litigations on the consolidated 
financial position of the Group – Refer 
Note 52 to the consolidated financial 
statements.
 ii. The Group did not have any material 
foreseeable losses on long-term contracts 
including derivative contracts. Refer 
Note 71 to the consolidated financial 
statements.
 iii. There were no amounts which were 
required to be transferred to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund by the 
Holding Company and its subsidiary 
companies incorporated in India. Refer 
Note 72 to the consolidated financial 
statements.
  iv. (1)  The respective Managements of the 
Holding Company and its subsidiaries 
which are companies incorporated 
in India whose financial statements 
have been audited under the Act 
have represented to us and the 
other auditors of such subsidiaries 
respectively that, to the best of their 
knowledge and belief, as disclosed 
in the Note 63 (i) to the consolidated 
financial statements, no funds have 
been advanced or loaned or invested 
===== PAGE 173 =====
142 | Sheela Foam Limited
(either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind 
of funds) by the Holding Company or 
any of such subsidiaries to or in any 
other person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), 
with the understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Intermediary shall, directly 
or indirectly lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any 
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Holding Company or any of such 
subsidiaries (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) 
or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries.
  (2)  The respective Managements of the 
Holding Company and its subsidiaries 
which are companies incorporated 
in India whose financial statements 
have been audited under the Act 
have represented to us and the 
other auditors of such subsidiaries 
respectively that, to the best of their 
knowledge and belief, as disclosed in 
the Note 63 (ii) to the consolidated 
financial statements, no funds 
have been received by the Holding 
Company or any of such subsidiaries 
from any person(s) or entity(ies), 
including foreign entities with the 
understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, as on the date 
of this audit report, that the Holding 
Company or any of such subsidiaries 
shall, directly or indirectly, lend or 
invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Party 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide 
any guarantee, security or the like on 
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
  (3) Based on the audit procedures that 
have been considered reasonable 
and appropriate in the circumstances 
performed by us and that performed 
by the auditors of the subsidiaries 
which are companies incorporated 
in India whose financial statements 
have been audited under the Act, 
and according to the information and 
explanations provided to us by the 
Management of the Holding company 
in this regard nothing has come to 
our or other auditors’ notice that has 
caused us or the other auditors to 
believe that the representations under 
sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e) 
as provided under (1) and (2) above, 
contain any material mis-statement.
 v. The Holding Company and its subsidiary 
companies incorporated in India have 
neither declared nor paid any dividend 
during the year.
2. As required by The Companies (Amendment) Act, 
2017, in our opinion, according to information, 
explanations given to us, the remuneration paid 
by the Holding Company, to its directors is within 
the limits laid prescribed under Section 197 of the 
Act and the rules thereunder except in case of 4 
subsidiaries, as the provisions of the aforesaid 
section is not applicable to private companies.
3. According to the information and explanations given 
to us and based on the Company (Auditor’ s Report) 
Order, 2020 (hereinafter referred as “CARO reports”) 
issued by us for the Company and on consideration 
of CARO reports by statutory auditors of subsidiaries 
incorporated in India included in the consolidated 
financial statements of the Company to which 
reporting under CARO is applicable, we report that 
there are no Qualifications/ Adverse remarks.
For M S K A & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No. 105047W
Manish P Bathija
Partner
Place: Gurugram  Membership No. 216706
Date: May 12, 2022  UDIN: 22216706AIVAKH9850
===== PAGE 174 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 143
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE 
AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
As part of an audit in accordance with Standards on 
Auditing (SAs), we exercise professional judgment and 
maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 
We also:
•  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement 
of the consolidated financial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit 
procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain 
audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not 
detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, 
as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of 
internal control.
•  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant 
to the audit in order to design audit procedures that 
are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 
143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for 
expressing our opinion on whether the company has 
internal financial controls with reference to financial 
statements in place and the operating effectiveness 
of such controls.
•  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies 
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by management.
•  Conclude on the appropriateness of management’ s 
use of the going concern basis of accounting and, 
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether 
a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
ability of the Group to continue as a going concern. 
If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we are required to draw attention in our auditor’ s 
report to the related disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions 
are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the 
date of our auditor’ s report. However, future events 
or conditions may cause the Group to cease to 
continue as a going concern.
•  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and 
content of the consolidated financial statements, 
including the disclosures, and whether the 
consolidated financial statements represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
Annexure A to the Independent 
Auditor’ s Report 
On even date on the consolidated financial statements of sheela foam limited 
•  Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence 
regarding the financial information of the entities or 
business activities within the Group to express an 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements. 
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and 
performance of the audit of the financial statements 
of such entities included in the consolidated financial 
statements of which we are the independent 
auditors. For the other entities included in the 
consolidated financial statements, which have 
been audited by other auditors, such other auditors 
remain responsible for the direction, supervision and 
performance of the audits carried out by them. We 
remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance of 
the Holding Company and such other entities included in 
the consolidated financial statements of which we are the 
independent auditors regarding, among other matters, 
the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant 
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with 
a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to 
communicate with them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged 
with governance, we determine those matters that were 
of most significance in the audit of the consolidated 
financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2022 
and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe 
these matters in our auditor’ s report unless law or 
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter 
or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine 
that a matter should not be communicated in our report 
because the adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
For M S K A & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No. 105047W
Manish P Bathija
Partner
Place: Gurugram  Membership No. 216706
Date: May 12, 2022  UDIN: 22216706AIVAKH9850
===== PAGE 175 =====
144 | Sheela Foam Limited
Annexure B to the Independent 
Auditor’ s Report 
Of even date on the consolidated financial statements of sheela foam limited
[Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ in the Independent Auditors’ 
Report of even date to the Members of Sheela Foam Limited on the consolidated Financial Statements for the year 
ended March 31, 2022]
REPORT ON THE INTERNAL FINANCIAL 
CONTROLS UNDER CLAUSE (I) OF SUB-SECTION 
3 OF SECTION 143 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
(“THE ACT”)
OPINION
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements of Sheela Foam Limited (hereinafter referred 
to as “the Holding Company”) as of and for the year 
ended March 31, 2022, we have audited the internal 
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial 
statements of the Holding Company and its subsidiary 
companies which are companies incorporated in India, as 
of that date.
In our opinion, and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us, the Holding 
Company and its subsidiary companies which are 
companies incorporated in India, have, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements and such 
internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements were operating effectively as at 
March 31, 2022, based on the internal control with 
reference to consolidated financial statements criteria 
established by the respective companies considering the 
essential components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (“the ICAI”).
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR 
INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The respective Board of Directors of the Holding 
company, its subsidiary companies which are companies 
incorporated in India, are responsible for establishing 
and maintaining internal financial controls based on the 
internal control with reference to consolidated financial 
statements criteria established by the respective 
companies considering the essential components of 
internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit 
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 
(“the ICAI”). These responsibilities include the design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls that were operating effectively for 
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, 
including adherence to the respective company’ s 
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention 
and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and 
completeness of the accounting records, and the timely 
preparation of reliable financial information, as required 
under the Act.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal 
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial 
statements of the Holding company and its subsidiary 
companies which are companies incorporated in India, 
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance 
with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance 
Note”) issued by the ICAI and the Standards on Auditing 
prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent 
applicable to an audit of internal financial controls. Those 
Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply 
with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit 
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether internal 
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial 
statements was established and maintained and if such 
controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain 
audit evidence about the internal financial controls 
with reference to consolidated financial statements 
and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal 
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial 
statements included obtaining an understanding of 
internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements, assessing the risk that a material 
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on 
the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on 
the auditor’ s judgement, including the assessment of 
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and 
the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms 
of their reports referred to in the Other Matters paragraph 
below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our audit opinion on the internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements of the 
Holding company and its subsidiary companies which are 
companies incorporated in India.
===== PAGE 176 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 145
MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS 
WITH REFERENCE TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
A company’ s internal financial control with reference to 
consolidated financial statements is a process designed 
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated 
financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. A 
company’ s internal financial control with reference to 
consolidated financial statements includes those policies 
and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of 
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly 
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets 
of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance 
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of consolidated financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, 
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
management and directors of the company; and (3) 
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’ s assets that could have a 
material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL 
FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial 
statements, including the possibility of collusion or 
improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not 
be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the 
internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements to future periods are subject to 
the risk that the internal financial control with reference 
to consolidated financial statements may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that 
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures 
may deteriorate.
OTHER MATTERS
Our aforesaid reports under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act 
on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the 
internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements insofar as it relates to 3 subsidiary 
companies, which are companies incorporated in India, 
is based on the corresponding reports of the auditors of 
such companies incorporated in India.
For M S K A & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No. 105047W
Manish P Bathija
Partner
Place: Gurugram  Membership No. 216706
Date: May 12, 2022  UDIN: 22216706AIVAKH9850
===== PAGE 177 =====
146 | Sheela Foam Limited
Consolidated Balance Sheet
as at 31 March, 2022
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Note 
no.
As at 
March 31, 2022
As at 
March 31, 2021
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 3  43,547.55  42,997.39 
Capital work in progress 3  11,989.21  3,256.49 
Intangible Assets 4  25,203.15  26,306.69 
Right of use assets 5  13,935.72  14,179.88 
Investment property 6  5,617.11  5,905.47 
Financial assets
(i) Other investments 7  52,883.17  30,359.99 
(ii) Loans 8  8.47  15.91 
(iii) Other financial assets 9  453.61  518.69 
Non current tax assets (net) 10  675.35  -   
Other non-current assets 11  799.71  264.38 
Total non current assets  155,113.05  123,804.89 
Current assets
Inventories 12  31,445.89  31,530.73 
Financial assets
(i) Investments 13  8,938.05  10,701.16 
(ii) Trade receivables 14  28,504.18  30,215.33 
(iii) Cash and cash equivalents 15  4,081.28  5,736.31 
(iv) Other bank balances 16  31.58  73.78 
(v) Loans 17  555.07  555.24 
(vi) Other financial assets 18  2,637.42  692.79 
Other current assets 19  5,938.49  3,625.60 
Total current assets  82,131.96  83,130.94 
Total assets  237,245.01  206,935.83 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Equity share capital 20  2,439.14  2,439.14 
Other equity 21  136,817.48  115,989.95 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the Holding group  139,256.62  118,429.09 
Non-controlling Interest  763.33  891.81 
Total equity  140,019.95  119,320.90 
Non-current liabilities
Financial liabilities
(i) Borrowings 22  22,818.18  13,263.48 
(ii) Lease liabilities 23  10,564.79  10,855.07 
(iii) Other financial liabilities 24  5,034.08  5,018.13 
Long-term provisions 25  2,738.34  623.24 
Other non current liabilities 26  22.70  25.54 
Deferred tax liabilities (net) 27  183.80  887.87 
Total non current liability  41,361.89  30,673.33 
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities
(i) Borrowings 28  10,957.32  7,299.14 
(ii) Lease liabilities 23  2,306.18  2,005.17 
(iii) Trade payables
 -  Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 29  506.29  1,168.31 
 -   Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises 
and small enterprises 29  29,625.31  31,844.25 
(iv) Other financial liabilities 30  4,538.64  5,311.60 
Short-term provisions 25  250.38  1,468.82 
Current tax liabilities (net) 31  -    453.58 
Other current liabilities 32  7,679.05  7,390.73 
Total current liabilities  55,863.17  56,941.60 
Total liabilities  97,225.06  87,614.93 
Total equity and liabilities  237,245.01  206,935.83 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date
For MSKA & ASSOCIATES For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Chartered Accountants Sheela Foam Limited
Firm Registration No.: 105047W CIN: L74899DL1971PLC005679
Manish P Bathija Rahul Gautam T ushaar Gautam Nikhil Ghanashyam Datye
Partner Managing Director Whole Time Director Chief Financial Officer
Membership No.: 216706 DIN:00192999 DIN:01646487
Md. Iquebal Ahmad
Company Secretary
Place: Gurugram Place: Noida Membership No.: A20921
Date: May 12, 2022 Date: May 12, 2022
===== PAGE 178 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 147
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
for the year ended 31 March, 2022
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Note 
no.
For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Income
Revenue from operations 33  298,180.84  243,719.22 
Other income 34  7,916.32  5,024.30 
Total Income  306,097.16  248,743.52 
Expenses
Cost of materials consumed 35  179,850.03  137,684.23 
Purchase of stock in trade 36  5,353.84  1,799.48 
Other manufacturing expenses 37  6,228.69  4,962.19 
Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work in progress 38  (977.78)  (600.45)
Employee benefits expense 39  25,768.82  23,170.41 
Finance costs 40  1,697.31  1,768.27 
Depreciation and amortisation expense 41  8,077.73  7,286.72 
Other expenses 42  50,462.64  40,288.12 
Total Expenses  276,461.28  216,358.97 
Profit before tax  29,635.88  32,384.55 
Tax expense 61
Current tax  8,370.60  8,460.28 
Tax expenses related to earlier years  (22.04)  (42.32)
Deferred tax (credit)/charge 27  (585.48)  (48.58)
Total tax expense  7,763.08  8,369.38 
Profit for the year  21,872.80  24,015.17 
Other comprehensive income
(i)   Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss Remeasurements of 
the net defined benefit plans  (506.09)  252.96 
(ii)   Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss Fair value gain on 
investments  323.91  100.06 
(iii) Income tax effect on these items  on (i) & (ii)  47.15  (88.84)
(iv) Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  (50.04)  1,616.92 
 (185.07)  1,881.10 
Total comprehensive income for the year  21,687.73  25,896.27 
Profit for the year attributable to:
Shareholders of the Holding Company  21,732.97  23,772.11 
Non-controlling Interest  139.83  243.06 
 21,872.80  24,015.17 
Other Comprehensive Loss for the year attributable to:
Shareholders of the Holding Company  (185.07)  1,881.10 
Non-controlling Interest  -    -   
 (185.07)  1,881.10 
Total Comprehensive Income for the year attributable to:
Shareholders of the Holding Company  21,547.90  25,653.20 
Non-controlling Interest  139.83  243.06 
 21,687.73  25,896.27 
Earnings per equity share
Basic and diluted 43  44.84  49.23 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date
For MSKA & ASSOCIATES For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Chartered Accountants Sheela Foam Limited
Firm Registration No.: 105047W CIN: L74899DL1971PLC005679
Manish P Bathija Rahul Gautam T ushaar Gautam Nikhil Ghanashyam Datye
Partner Managing Director Whole Time Director Chief Financial Officer
Membership No.: 216706 DIN:00192999 DIN:01646487
Md. Iquebal Ahmad
Company Secretary
Place: Gurugram Place: Noida Membership No.: A20921
Date: May 12, 2022 Date: May 12, 2022
===== PAGE 179 =====
148 | Sheela Foam Limited
A. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
(` in Lakhs)
 Number of shares  Amount 
Balance as at April 01, 2020  48,782,808  2,439.14 
Add: Issued during the year  -    -   
Balance as at March 31, 2021  48,782,808  2,439.14 
Add: Issued during the year  -    -   
Balance as at March 31, 2022  48,782,808  2,439.14 
B.  OTHER EQUITY
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars  Retained 
earnings 
 Capital 
reserve 
General 
Reserve 
Foreign 
Currency 
Translation 
Reserve 
Capital 
Subsidy
Non-
controlling 
Interest
 Total 
Balance as at April 01, 2020  86,456.83  1,402.97  1,716.27  (40.95)  -    667.38  90,202.51 
Capital Subsidy received during the year  -    -    -    -    56.98  -    56.98 
Profit for the year  23,772.11  -    -    -    -    243.06  24,015.16 
Dividend paid  (190.66)  -    -    -    -    (45.03)  (235.69)
Foreign Exchange gain on Translation  -    -    -    -    -    26.40  26.40 
Other adjustments  0.08  -    -    -    -    -    0.08 
Other Comprehensive Gain for the year 
(net of tax)  264.18  -    -    -    -    -    264.18 
Exchange gain on translation (net)  -    961.62  -    1,590.52  -    -    2,552.15 
Total comprehensive income for the year  23,845.70  961.62  -    1,590.52  56.98  224.42  26,679.25 
Balance as at March 31, 2021 110,302.53  2,364.59 1,716.27  1,549.57  56.98  891.81 116,881.76 
Profit for the year  21,732.97  -    -    -    -    139.83  21,872.80 
Capital Subsidy received during the year  -    -    -    -    13.59  -    13.59 
Dividend paid  (146.02)  -    -    -    -    (226.76)  (372.78)
Foreign Exchange gain on Translation  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Other adjustments  0.70  -    -    -    -    0.95  1.65 
Other Comprehensive Gain for the year 
(net of tax)  (135.03)  -    -    -    -    -    (135.03)
Exchange gain on translation (net)  -    (1,968.96)  1,330.29  -    (42.50)  (681.17)
Total comprehensive income for the year  21,452.62 (1,968.96)  -    1,330.29  13.59  (128.48)  20,699.05 
Balance as at March 31, 2022  131,755.15  395.63 1,716.27  2,879.86  70.57  763.33  137,580.81 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date
For MSKA & ASSOCIATES For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Chartered Accountants Sheela Foam Limited
Firm Registration No.: 105047W CIN: L74899DL1971PLC005679
Manish P Bathija Rahul Gautam T ushaar Gautam Nikhil Ghanashyam Datye
Partner Managing Director Whole Time Director Chief Financial Officer
Membership No.: 216706 DIN:00192999 DIN:01646487
Md. Iquebal Ahmad
Company Secretary
Place: Gurugram Place: Noida Membership No.: A20921
Date: May 12, 2022 Date: May 12, 2022
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended March 31, 2022
===== PAGE 180 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 149
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31, 2022
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
A. Cash flow from operating activities
 Profit for the year  29,635.88  32,384.55 
  Adjustments for:
   Depreciation and amortisation expense  8,077.72  7,286.73 
   Finance costs  1,697.32  1,768.27 
   Advances/Balances written off   -     59.67 
   Provision for doubtful receivables   -     207.39 
   Bad debts written off   -     69.88 
   Fair value loss/(gain) on investments (net)  383.00  (366.86)
   (Profit) on sale of investments (net)  (1,228.00)  (1,688.03)
   Liabilities/provisions no longer required written back  (59.43)  (19.05)
   Unrealised foreign exchange loss/(Gain) (net)  256.93  (32.99)
   Investment written off   -     1.02 
   Interest income  (3,759.45)  (1,375.89)
   Assets written off   -     13.26 
   Loss/(Profit) on sale of property, plant and equipment (net)  28.16  (51.93)
 Operating profit before working capital changes  35,032.13  38,256.02 
  Changes in working capital:
   Decrease/(Increase) in Inventories  84.84  (8,844.89)
   Decrease/(Increase) in loans and trade receivables  1,718.75  (8,985.13)
   (Increase) in other financial and non-financial assets  (4,057.22)  (616.33)
   (Increase)/Decrease in trade payables  (3,078.38)  7,652.94 
    (Decrease)/Increase in lease liabilities, other financial liabilities, non-
financial liabilities and provisions  (555.14)  6,111.28 
 Cash generated from operations  29,144.98  33,573.89 
   Income tax paid (net of refunds)  (9,430.14)  (8,186.87)
 Net cash inflow from operating activities (A)  19,714.84  25,387.02 
B. Cash flow from investing activities
    Purchase of property, plant and equipment including capital work in 
progress  (16,345.59)  (6,474.60)
    Proceeds from Sales (Net of adjustment) of property, plant and 
equipment  2,054.84  145.82 
   Deposits matured/made during the year (net)  -    (70.41)
   Investment in bonds, debentures and mutual funds (net)  (19,915.07)  (15,762.81)
   Loans & advances given  (40.00)  -   
   Rental income  1,138.54  643.42 
   Interest income  2,469.06  691.86 
 Net cash flow used in investing activities (B)  (30,638.22)  (20,826.72)
===== PAGE 181 =====
150 | Sheela Foam Limited
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
C. Cash flow from financing activities
   Payment of Dividend during the year  (372.73)  (235.69)
   Subsidy received during the year  13.59  75.97 
   Proceeds from Secured long term borrowings  9,587.46  -   
   Repayment of Secured long term borrowings  -    (2,677.78)
   Repayment of Unsecured long term borrowings  (32.77)  (144.28)
   Repayment of Unsecured short term borrowings  (5,652.79)  (2.45)
   Proceeds from Secured short term borrowings  9,310.96  1,053.09 
   Proceeds from Unsecured short term borrowings  -    2,627.89 
   Payment of lease liabilities  (2,445.30)  (2,586.06)
   Finance costs  (1,140.07)  (1,345.39)
 Net Cash inflow/(outflow) from Financing Activities (C)  9,268.35  (3,234.70)
 Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)  (1,655.03)  1,325.60 
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  5,736.31  4,410.71 
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  4,081.28  5,736.31 
Notes :
1.   The above cash flow statement has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” as set out in Indian Accounting Standard-7, 
“Statement of Cash Flows” .
2.  Components of cash and cash equivalents:
(` in Lakhs)
As at 
March 31, 2022
As at 
March 31, 2021
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash on hand  20.95  2,400.00 
Deposits having original maturity of less than 3 months  933.87  17.17 
Balance with banks in current accounts  3,126.46  3,319.14 
Balance as per Statement of Cash Flows  4,081.28  5,736.31 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
As per our Report of even date
For MSKA & ASSOCIATES For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Chartered Accountants Sheela Foam Limited
Firm Registration No.: 105047W CIN: L74899DL1971PLC005679
Manish P Bathija Rahul Gautam T ushaar Gautam Nikhil Ghanashyam Datye
Partner Managing Director Whole Time Director Chief Financial Officer
Membership No.: 216706 DIN:00192999 DIN:01646487
Md. Iquebal Ahmad
Company Secretary
Place: Gurugram Place: Noida Membership No.: A20921
Date: May 12, 2022 Date: May 12, 2022
Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31, 2022
===== PAGE 182 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 151
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
1. GROUP INFORMATION
 Sheela Foam Limited (‘the Holding Company’) is a 
ISO 9001:2000 public limited Group incorporated 
in India with its registered office in New Delhi. 
The Holding Group is listed on the National Stock 
Exchange (NSE) and the Bombay Stock Exchange 
(BSE).
 The Holding Company, pioneered in the 
manufacturing of polyurethane foams, has eight 
Subsidiary companies (Joyce Foam Pty. Limited and 
its Controlled Entity Joyce W C NSW Pty Limited 
Australia , International Foam Technologies Spain 
and its Controlled Entity Interplasp S.L , ‘Divya 
Software Solutions Private Limited’ , ‘Sleepwell 
Enterprises Private Limited, International Comfort 
Technologies Private Limited and Staqo World Pvt. 
Ltd’). The accompanying Consolidated Financial 
Statements relate to Sheela Foam Limited (‘the 
Holding Company’) and its eight Subsidiary 
companies (together referred as “the Group”).
 The consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31st March, 2022 were approved by the Board 
of Directors and authorized for issue on 12 th May, 
2022.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
2.1 Statement of Compliance and Basis of Preparation
 a. Basis of Preparation :
 The consolidated financial statements have 
been prepared in accordance with the Indian 
Accounting Standards (‘Ind AS’) notified 
under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 
2013 (the ‘ Act’) read with the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (as 
amended from time to time) and other relevant 
provisions of the Act. The consolidated financial 
statements have been prepared on accrual and 
going concern basis. All the assets and liabilities 
have been classified as current and non-current 
as per the Group’ s normal operating cycle and 
other criteria as set out in Division II of Schedule 
III to the Companies Act, 2013.
 The consolidated financial statements have 
been prepared on a historical cost basis, except, 
certain financial assets and liabilities, measured 
at fair value. (refer accounting policy regarding 
financial instruments).
 b. Functional and presentation currency
 The consolidated financial statements are 
prepared in Indian Rupees (‘`’), which is the 
Holding Company’ s functional and presentation 
currency. All financial information presented in 
Indian Rupees has been rounded to the nearest 
lakhs with two decimal places, unless stated 
otherwise.
 c. Current versus non-current classification
  The Group presents assets and liabilities in the 
balance sheet based on current/non-current 
classification.
 An asset is classified as current when it is: -
 -  expected to be realized, or intended to 
be sold or consumed in normal operating 
cycle;
 - held primarily for the purpose of trading;
 -  expected to be realized within 12 months 
after the reporting period; or
 -  cash or cash equivalent unless restricted 
from being exchanged or used to settle 
a liability for at least 12 months after the 
reporting date.
 All other assets are classified as non-current.
 A liability is classified as current when it is:
 -  expected to be settled in the normal 
operating cycle;
 - held primarily for the purpose of trading;
 -  due to be settled within 12 months after 
the reporting date; or
 -  there is no unconditional right to defer the 
settlement of the liability for at least 12 
months after the reporting date.
 All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities:
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified 
as non-current assets and liabilities.
  Operating Cycle:
 The operating cycle is the time between 
acquisition of assets for processing and their 
realization in cash and cash equivalent. The 
Group has identified twelve months as its 
operating cycle.
 d. Use of estimates and judgments
 The preparation of the consolidated financial 
statements requires management to make 
===== PAGE 183 =====
152 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
judgements, estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported amounts of revenues, 
expenses, assets and liabilities, and the 
accompanying disclosure and the disclosure 
of contingent liabilities as at the Balance Sheet 
date. The estimates and assumptions used 
in the accompanying consolidated financial 
statements are based upon the Management’ s 
evaluation of the relevant facts and 
circumstances as at the date of the consolidated 
financial statements. Actual results could differ 
from these estimates. Estimates and underlying 
assumptions are reviewed on a periodic basis. 
Revisions to accounting estimates, if any, are 
recognized in the year in which the estimates 
are revised and in any future years affected.
   These estimates and assumptions are based 
on the facts and events, that existed as at the 
date of Balance Sheet, or that occurred after 
that date but provide additional evidence about 
conditions existing as at the Balance Sheet 
date.
 1. Useful lives of Property Plant and Equipment
 The Property, Plant and Equipment are 
depreciated on a pro-rate basis on written 
down value basis, in case of Holding Group 
(Sheela Foam Limited) and Indian Subsidiaries 
and on a straight line basis, in the case of 
foreign Subsidiaries, over their respective 
useful lives. Management estimates the useful 
lives of these assets as detailed in Note 2.3 
below. Changes in the expected level of usage, 
technological developments, level of wear and 
tear could impact the economic useful lives and 
the residual values of these assets, therefore, 
future depreciation charges could be revised 
and could have an impact on the financial 
position in future years.
 2. Retirement benefit obligation
 The cost of retirement benefits and present 
value of the retirement benefit obligations in 
respect of Gratuity and Leave Encashment 
is determined using actuarial valuations. An 
actuarial valuation involves making various 
assumptions which may differ from actual 
developments in the future. These include 
the determination of the discount rate, future 
salary increases, mortality rates and future 
pension increases. Due to the complexity of 
the valuation, the underlying assumptions 
and its long-term nature, these retirement 
benefit obligations are sensitive to changes 
in these assumptions. All assumptions are 
reviewed at each reporting date. In determining 
the appropriate discount rate, management 
considers the interest rates of long-term 
government bonds with extrapolated maturity 
corresponding to the expected duration of 
these obligations.
 The mortality rate is based on publically available 
mortality table for the specific countries. Future 
salary, seniority, promotion and other relevant 
factors and pension increases are based on 
expected future inflation on a long-term basis. 
Further details about the assumptions used, 
including a sensitivity analysis are given in  
Note 44.
 3. Taxes
 Uncertainties exist with respect to the 
interpretation of complex tax regulations, 
changes in tax laws, and the amount and timing 
of future taxable income. Given the wide range 
of business relationships and the long term 
nature and complexity of existing contractual 
agreements, differences arising between the 
actual results and the assumptions made, or 
future changes to such assumptions, could 
necessitate future adjustments to tax income 
and expense already recorded. The Group 
establishes provisions, based on reasonable 
estimates. The amount of such provisions is 
based on various factors, such as experience of 
previous tax audits and differing interpretations 
of tax regulations by the taxable entity and the 
responsible tax authority. Such differences of 
interpretation may arise on a wide variety of 
issues depending on the conditions prevailing 
in the respective domicile of the companies.
 4.  Fair value measurement of financial 
instrument
 When the fair value of financial assets and 
financial liabilities recorded in the balance sheet 
cannot be measured based on quoted prices in 
active markets, their fair value is measured using 
valuation techniques including the Discounted 
Cash Flow (DCF) model. The inputs to these 
models are taken from observable markets 
where possible, but where this is not feasible, a 
degree of judgement is required in establishing 
fair values. Judgements include considerations 
of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk and 
volatility. Changes in assumptions about these 
factors could affect the reported fair value of 
financial instruments.
===== PAGE 184 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 153
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
 5. Impairment of Financial assets
 The impairment provisions of financial assets are 
based on assumptions about risk of default and 
expected loss rates. The Group uses judgement 
in making these assumptions and selecting the 
inputs to the impairment calculation, based on 
Group’ s past history, existing market conditions 
as well as forward looking estimates at the end 
of each reporting period.
 6. Impairment of non-Financial assets
 The Group assesses at each reporting date 
whether there is an indication that an asset 
may be impaired. If any indication exists, or 
when annual impairment testing for an asset 
is required, the Group estimates the asset’ s 
recoverable amount. An assets recoverable 
amount is the higher of an asset’ s fair value 
less cost of disposal and its value in use. It is 
determined for an individual asset, unless the 
asset does not generate cash inflows that are 
largely independent of those from other assets 
or Group of assets. Where the carrying amount 
of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, 
the asset is considered impaired and is written 
down to its recoverable amount.
 In assessing value in use, the estimated future 
cash flows are discounted to their present value 
using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current 
market assessments of the time value of money 
and the risks specific to the asset. In determining 
fair value less costs of disposal, recent market 
transactions are taken into account. If no such 
transactions can be identified, an appropriate 
valuation model is used. These calculations are 
corroborated by valuation multiples, or other 
fair value indicators.
2.2 BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
 Control is achieved when the group is exposed, or has 
rights to variable return from its involvement with the 
investee and has the ability to affect those returns 
through its power over the investee. Consolidation 
of a subsidiary begins with the group obtains 
control over the subsidiary and ceases when group 
losses control of the subsidiary. The Consolidated 
Financial Statements have been prepared on the  
following basis: -
 Basis of Accounting:
i) The financial statements of all subsidiaries used 
for the purpose of consolidation are drawn up 
to same reporting date as that of the Holding 
company, i.e., year ended on 31 March. When 
the end of the reporting period of the holding 
company is different from that of a subsidiary, 
the subsidiary prepares, for consolidation 
purposes, additional financial information as of 
the same date as the financial statements of the 
holding company to enable the holding company 
to consolidate the financial information of the 
subsidiary, unless it is impracticable to do so.
ii) In case of foreign Subsidiaries, being non-
integral foreign operations, revenue items are 
consolidated at the average rates prevailing 
during the year. All assets and liabilities are 
converted at the rates prevailing at the end 
of the year. Any exchange difference arising 
on consolidation is recognized in the Foreign 
Currency Translation Reserve.
iii) The consolidated financial statements have 
been prepared in accordance with Indian 
Accounting Standard - 110 “Consolidated 
Financial Statements” .
 Principles of Consolidation:
i) The financial statements of the Holding 
Company and its Subsidiaries have been 
combined on a line-by-line basis by adding 
together the book values of like items of assets, 
liabilities, income and expenses after fully 
eliminating the intra-group balances and intra-
group transactions and unrealized profits or 
losses in accordance with Indian Accounting 
Standard - 110 on “Consolidated Financial 
Statements” . Non – controlling interests in the 
results and equity of subsidiaries are shown 
separately in the consolidated financials 
statement .
ii) The consolidated financial statements have 
been prepared using uniform accounting 
policies for like transactions and other events 
in similar circumstances and are presented to 
the extent possible, in the same manner as the 
Holding Group’ s separate financial statements 
except as otherwise stated in the Significant 
Accounting Policies.
iii) The difference between the costs of 
investments in the Subsidiaries over the net 
assets at the time of acquisition of shares in the 
Subsidiaries is recognized in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements as Goodwill or Capital 
Reserve as the case may be.
===== PAGE 185 =====
154 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
2.3 Property, Plant & Equipment
 Property, Plant & Equipment are accounted for 
on historical cost basis (inclusive of the cost 
of installation and other incidental costs till 
commencement of commercial production) net of 
recoverable taxes, less accumulated depreciation 
and impairment loss, if any. It also includes the initial 
estimate of the costs of dismantling and removing 
the item and restoring the site on which it is located.
 Subsequent costs are added to the existing asset’ s 
carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, 
as appropriate, only when it is probable that future 
economic benefits associated with the item will 
flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be 
measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance 
are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss 
during the period in which they are incurred.
 Cost of leasehold land is amortized over the period 
of lease. Leasehold improvements are amortized 
over the lease period , which corresponds with the 
useful life of assets .
 Gains or losses arising on retirement or disposal of 
property, plant and equipment are recognized in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Property, plant and equipment which are not ready 
for intended use as on the date of Balance Sheet are 
disclosed as “Capital work-in-progress” .
 In the case of the Holding Company(Sheela Foam 
Limited) and Indian Subsidiaries (Divya Software 
Solutions Private Limited , Sleepwell Enterprises 
Private Limited , Staqo World Private Limited and 
International Comfort Technologies Private Limited)
 Depreciation on property, plant & equipment is 
provided on a pro-rata basis on written down value 
basis, over the useful life of the assets estimated 
by the management, in the manner prescribed 
in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013. The 
asset’ s residual values, useful lives and method 
of depreciation are reviewed at the end of each 
reporting period and necessary adjustments are 
made accordingly, wherever required. The property, 
plant and equipment costing upto ` 5,000/- are 
fully depreciated during the year of addition after 
retaining 5% as net residual value. The useful lives 
in the following cases are different from those 
prescribed in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013.
Asset Useful life as 
per Schedule 
II of the 
Companies 
Act, 2013
(No. of Y ears)
Useful life as 
assessed / 
estimated by 
the Group
(No. of Y ears)
Buildings :
- Factory (including roads) 30 29
- Office 60 59
- Residential 60 59
Plant & Equipment 15 20
Furniture & Fixtures 10 15
Vehicles :
- Motor Cars 8 10
Office Equipment 5 20
Date Processing Equipment :
- Computer Equipment 3 6
Electrical Fittings 10 20
 Based on usage pattern and internal assessment, 
the management believes that the useful lives as 
given above best represent the period over which 
the management expects to use these assets. Hence 
the useful lives of these assets is different from the 
lives as prescribed in Schedule II of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
  In the case of foreign Subsidiaries (Joyce Foam Pty. 
Ltd. and its Controlled Entities, and International 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Holding Group includes the results of following entities:
Name of Company Country of 
Incorporation
Proportion (%) of 
Shareholding as on 
31.03.2022
Proportion (%) of 
Shareholding as on 
31.03.2021
Subsidiary Companies
Joyce Foam Pty. Limited and its Controlled Entity (Joyce W C 
NSW Pty Limited) Australia 100% 100%
International Foam Technologies SL, Spain and its Controlled 
Entity (Interplasp S.L) Spain 100% 100%
Divya Software Solutions Private Limited India 100% 100%
Sleepwell Enterprises Private Limited India 100% 100%
Staqo World Pvt. Ltd. India 100% 100%
International Comfort Technologies Private Limited India 100% --
===== PAGE 186 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 155
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
Foam Technologies SL, Spain and its Controlled 
Entities)
 The depreciable amount of all fixed assets including 
capitalised lease assets, is depreciated on a straight 
line basis over the estimated useful lives to the Group 
commencing from time the assets is held ready for 
use. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over 
the shorter of either the unexpired period of the lease 
or the estimated useful lives of the improvements.
Asset Useful Life range
Buildings 34 to 36 years
Technical Installations 10 to 20 years
Plant & Machinery 8 to 20 years
Furniture & Furnishings 3 to 7 years
Tooling & Other Facilities 10 years
Data Processing Equipment 4 to 6 years
Vehicles 6 to 7 years
Other Assets 8 to 9 years
2.4 Investment Property
 Property that is held for long- term rental yields or for 
capital appreciation or both, and that is not occupied 
by the Group, is classified as investment property. 
Investment properties are measured initially at cost, 
including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial 
recognition, investment property is measured at 
cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses, if any. Subsequent costs are 
added to the carrying amount only when it is probable 
that it will increase its useful life. All other repairs 
and maintenance are charged to the Statement of 
Profit and Loss during the period in which they are 
incurred. Though the Group measures investment 
property using cost based measurement, the fair 
value of the investment property is disclosed in the 
notes. Fair value is determined based on an annual 
evaluation performed by an accredited external 
independent valuer applying a recognized and 
recommended valuation model.
 Depreciation on investment property, is provided 
on a pro-rate basis on written down value basis, 
over the useful life of the property estimated by the 
management, in the manner prescribed in Schedule 
II of the Companies Act, 2013. The property’ s residual 
values, useful lives and method of depreciation 
are reviewed at the end of each reporting period 
and necessary adjustments are made accordingly, 
wherever required. The useful lives in the following 
cases are different from those prescribed in Schedule 
II of the Companies Act, 2013.
Asset Useful life as 
per Schedule 
II of the 
Companies 
Act, 2013
(No. of Y ears)
Useful life as 
assessed / 
estimated by 
the Group
(No. of Y ears)
Buildings :
- Factory 30 29
- Office 60 59
- Residential 60 59
  Based on usage pattern and internal assessment, 
the management believes that the useful lives as 
given above best represent the period over which 
the management expects to use these properties. 
Hence the useful lives of these properties is different 
from the lives as prescribed in Schedule II of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
 Investment property is derecognized when either 
it has been disposed off or when the investment 
property is permanently withdrawn from use and 
no future economic benefit is expected from its 
disposal. Any gain or loss arising on de-recognition 
of the investment property is included in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Transfers are made to / from investment property 
only when there is a change in its use. Transfers 
between investment property is made at the carrying 
amount of the property transferred.
2.5 Financial Instruments
 A financial instrument is a contract that gives rise to 
a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability 
or equity instrument of another entity.
 (i) Financial Assets
 (a) Initial recognition and measurement
 At initial recognition, all financial assets are 
recognized at its fair value plus, in the case 
of a financial asset not carried at fair value 
through profit or loss, transaction costs that are 
attributable to the acquisition of the financial 
asset. Transaction costs of financial assets 
carried at fair value through profit or loss are 
expensed in profit or loss.
 (b) Classification and subsequent measurement
 For the purpose of subsequent measurement, 
financial assets are classified in the following 
categories:
  a. at amortized cost;
  b.  at fair value through other comprehensive 
income (FVTOCI); and
  c. at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL)
===== PAGE 187 =====
156 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
   Where financial assets are measured at fair 
value, gains and losses are either recognized 
entirely in the Statement of Profit and Loss (i.e. 
fair value through profit and loss), or recognized 
in other comprehensive income (i.e. fair value 
through Other Comprehensive Income).
   The classification of financial assets depends 
on the Group’ s business model for managing 
the financial assets and the contractual terms 
of the cash flows. Management determines 
the classification of its financial assets at initial 
recognition.
 (1) Financial assets measured at amortized cost:
   A financial asset is measured at amortized cost 
if both the following conditions are met:
  - Business Model Test:
    The objective of the business model is 
to hold financial asset in order to collect 
contractual cash flows (rather than to sell 
the asset prior to its financial maturity to 
realize its fair value changes); and
  -  Cash Flow Characteristics Test:
    Contractual terms of the financial asset 
give rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and 
interest (SPPI) on the principal amount 
outstanding.
   This category is most relevant to the Group. 
After initial measurement, such financial asset 
are subsequently measured at amortized 
cost using the effective interest rate (EIR) 
method. Amortized cost is calculated by taking 
into account any discount or premium on 
acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral 
part of EIR. EIR is the rate that exactly discounts 
the estimated future cash receipts over the 
expected life of the financial instrument or 
a shorter period, where appropriate, to the 
gross carrying amount of the financial asset. 
When calculating the effective interest rate, 
the Group estimates the expected cash flows 
by considering all the contractual terms of the 
financial instrument but does not consider the 
expected credit losses. The EIR amortization is 
included in interest income is the statement 
of profit and loss. The losses arising from 
impairment are recognized in the statement of 
profit or loss. This category generally applies 
to trade receivables, deposits with banks, 
security deposits, cash and cash equivalents 
and employee loans, etc.
 (2)  Financial instruments measured at Fair Value 
Through Other Comprehensive Income 
(FVTOCI):
   A financial instrument shall be measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income if 
both of the following conditions are met:
  - Business Model Test:
    The objective of the business model is 
achieved by both collecting contractual 
cash flows and selling financial assets; and
  -  Cash Flow Characteristics Test:
    The Contractual terms of the asset give rise 
on specified dates to cash flows that are 
solely payments of principal and interest 
(SPPI) on principal amount outstanding.
   Financial instruments included within FVTOCI 
category are measured initially as well as 
at each reporting period at fair value. Fair 
value movements are recognized in Other 
Comprehensive Income (OCI) except for the 
recognition of interest income, impairment 
gains and losses and foreign exchange gain and 
losses which are recognized in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
 (3)  Financial instruments measured at Fair Value 
Through Profit and Loss (FVTPL)
   Fair Value through Profit and Loss is a residual 
category. Any financial instrument, which 
does not meet the criteria for categorization 
as at amortized cost or fair value through 
other comprehensive income is classified as 
FVTPL. Financial instruments included in FVTPL 
category are measured initially as well as at 
each reporting period at fair value. Fair value 
movements i.e. gain or loss and interest income 
are recorded in Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (c) Impairment of financial assets
   The Group assesses impairment based on 
expected credit losses (ECL) model to the 
following:
  -  Financial Assets measured at amortized 
cost;
  - Financial Assets measured at FVTOCI.
===== PAGE 188 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 157
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
   Expected credit losses are measured through a 
loss allowance at an amount equal to:
  -   the 12 months expected credit losses 
(expected credit losses that result from 
those default events on the financial 
instrument that are possible within 12 
months after the reporting date); or
  -   full lifetime expected credit losses 
(expected credit losses that result from all 
possible defaults events over the life of the 
financial instrument).
   The Group follows ‘simplified approach’ for 
recognition of impairment loss allowance on:
  -  Financial assets that are debt instruments, 
and are measured at amortized cost i.e. 
trade receivables, deposits with banks, 
security deposits and employee loans etc.
  -  Financial assets that are debt instruments, 
and are measured at FVTOCI,
   Under the simplified approach, the Group 
does not track changes in credit risk. Rather, it 
recognizes impairment loss allowance based on 
lifetime ECLs at each reporting date, right from 
its initial recognition.
 The trade receivables are initially recognized at 
the sale/recoverable value and are assessed at 
each Balance Sheet date for collectability. Trade 
receivables are classified as current assets, if 
collection is expected within twelve months as 
at Balance Sheet date, if not, they are classified 
under non-current assets.
 For recognition of impairment loss on other 
financial assets and risk exposure, the Group 
determines that whether there has been a 
significant increase in the credit risk since initial 
recognition. If credit risk has not increased 
significantly, 12 months (Expected Credit Loss) 
ECL is used to provide for impairment loss. 
However, if credit risk has increased significantly, 
lifetime ECL is used. If in a subsequent period, 
credit quality of the instrument improves such 
that there is no longer a significant increase 
in credit risk since initial recognition, then the 
Group reverts to recognizing impairment loss 
allowance based on 12-months ECL.
 For assessing increase in credit risk and 
impairment loss, the Group combines financial 
instruments on the basis of shared credit risk 
characteristics with the objective of facilitating 
an analysis that is designed to enable significant 
increases in credit risk to be identified on timely 
basis.
 (d) Derecognition of financial assets
 A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part 
of a financial asset or part of a group of similar 
financial assets) is primarily derecognized (i.e. 
removed from the Group’ s Balance Sheet) when:
 a.  The rights to receive cash flows from the 
asset have been expired/transferred, or
 b.  The Group retains the contractual right 
to receive the cash flows of the financial 
asset, but assumes a contractual 
obligation to pay the cash flows to one or  
zmore recipients.
 Where the Group has transferred an asset, 
it evaluates whether it has substantially 
transferred all risks and rewards of ownership of 
the financial asset. In such cases, the financial 
asset is derecognized. When the Group has 
not transferred substantially all the risks and 
rewards of ownership of a financial asset, the 
financial asset is not derecognized.
 Where the Group has neither transferred a 
financial asset nor retains substantially all risks 
and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, 
the financial asset is derecognized if the Group 
has not retained control of the financial asset. 
When the entity retains control of the financial 
asset, the asset is continued to be recognized 
to the extent of continuing involvement in the 
financial asset.
 (ii) Financial Liabilities
  Initial recognition and measurement
   All financial liabilities are recognized initially at 
fair value and, in the case of borrowings and 
payables, net of directly attributable transaction 
costs. The Group’ s financial liabilities include 
trade payables, borrowings, security deposits 
and other payables.
  Subsequent measurement
   The measurement of financial liabilities depends 
on their classification, as described below:
===== PAGE 189 =====
158 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
   Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through 
Profit or Loss (FVTPL)
   Financial liabilities at FVTPL include financial 
liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities 
designated upon initial recognition as at fair 
value through profit or loss.
 Financial liabilities are classified as held for 
trading if they are incurred for the purpose of 
repurchasing in the near term.
 Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are 
recognized in the Statement of Profit or Loss.
 Financial liabilities designated upon initial 
recognition at fair value through profit or loss 
are designated as such at the initial date of 
recognition, and only if the criteria in IND AS 
109 are satisfied. For liabilities designated as 
FVTPL, fair value gains/ losses attributable to 
changes in own credit risk are recognized in 
Other Comprehensive Income. These gains/ 
losses are not subsequently transferred to 
Statement of Profit and Loss. However, the 
Group may transfer the cumulative gain or loss 
within equity. All other changes in fair value of 
such liability are recognized in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
  Borrowings & Security Deposits
 Any difference between the proceeds (net of 
transaction costs) and the repayment amount 
is recognized in Statement of profit or loss over 
the period of the liability and subsequently 
measured at amortized cost using the 
effective interest method. Gains and losses 
are recognized in the profit or loss when the 
liabilities are derecognized as well as through 
the EIR amortization process.
 Amortised cost is calculated by taking into 
account any discount or premium on acquisition 
and fees or costs that are integral part of  
the EIR.
  Financial Guarantee Contract
 Financial guarantee contracts issued by the 
Holding Group are those contracts that require 
a payment to be made to reimburse the holder 
for loss it incurs because the specified debtor 
fails to make a payment when due in accordance 
with the terms of a debt instrument. Financial 
guarantee contracts are recognized initially as 
a liability at fair value, adjusted for transaction 
costs that are directly attributable to the 
issuance of the guarantee. Subsequently, the 
liability is measured at the higher of the amount 
of loss allowance determined as per impairment 
requirements of Ind AS 109 and the amount 
recognized less cumulative amortization.
  Trade and other payables
 Trade and other payables are obligations 
incurred by the Group towards purchase of 
raw material and other goods and availing the 
services that have been acquired or availed in 
the ordinary course of business. Trade and 
other payables are classified under current 
liabilities, if payment is due within 12 months as 
at Balance Sheet date, if not, they are classified 
under non-current liabilities.
  Derecognition
 A financial liability is derecognized when the 
obligation under the liability is discharged or 
cancelled or expires. When an existing financial 
liability is replaced by another from the same 
lender on substantially different terms, or the 
terms of an existing liability are substantially 
modified, such an exchange or modification 
is treated as the de-recognition of the original 
liability and the recognition of a new liability. The 
difference in the respective carrying amounts is 
recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (iii) Offsetting of financial instruments:
 Financial assets and financial liabilities are 
offset and the net amount is reported in the 
balance sheet, if there is a currently enforceable 
legal right to offset the recognised amounts 
and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, 
to realise the assets and settle the liabilities 
simultaneously.
2.6 Inventories
 Raw materials, packaging materials and stores 
and spare parts are valued at lower of cost and 
net realizable value. Cost includes purchase price, 
(excluding those subsequently recoverable by the 
Company from the concerned revenue authorities), 
freight inwards and other expenditure incurred in 
bringing such inventories to their present location 
and condition.
 Work in progress, manufactured finished goods 
and traded goods are valued at the lower of cost 
and net realisable value. Cost of work in progress 
and manufactured finished goods comprises direct 
material, cost of conversion and other costs incurred 
in bringing these inventories to their present location 
===== PAGE 190 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 159
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
and condition. Cost of traded goods includes cost of 
purchase and such other costs.
 In determining the cost of inventories, first-in-first-
out cost method is used.
 Provision of obsolescence on inventories is 
considered on the basis of management’ s estimate 
based on demand and market of the inventories. Net 
realizable value is the estimated selling price in the 
ordinary course of business, less the estimated cost 
of completion and the estimated costs necessary to 
make the sale.
 The comparison of cost and net realizable value is 
made on item-by-item basis.
2.7 Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on 
hand and demand deposits with banks which are 
short-term (three months or less from the date 
of acquisition), highly liquid investments that are 
readily convertible into cash and which are subject 
to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
2.8 Impairment of Non-Financial Assets
 The Group assesses at each year end whether there 
is any objective evidence that a non-financial asset 
or a group of non-financial assets is impaired. If 
any such indication exists, the Company estimates 
the asset’ s recoverable amount and the amount of 
impairment loss.
 An impairment loss is calculated as the difference 
between an asset’ s carrying amount and recoverable 
amount. Losses are recognized in Statement 
of Profit and Loss and reflected in an allowance 
account. When the Company considers that there 
are no realistic prospects of recovery of the asset, 
the relevant amounts are written off. If the amount 
of impairment loss subsequently decreases and 
the decrease can be related objectively to an event 
occurring after the impairment was recognised, 
then the previously recognised impairment loss is 
reversed through Statement of Profit and Loss.
 The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-
generating unit (as defined below) is the greater of 
its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. 
In assessing value in use, the estimated future 
cash flows are discounted to their present value 
using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current 
market assessments of the time value of money 
and the risks specific to the asset. For the purpose 
of impairment testing, assets are grouped together 
into the smallest group of assets that generates 
cash inflows from continuing use that are largely 
independent of the cash inflows of other assets or 
groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”).
2.9 Provisions and Contingent Liabilities
 a) Provisions
 Provisions are recognized when the Group has 
a present obligation (legal or constructive) as 
a result of a past event, and it is probable that 
an outflow of resources embodying economic 
benefits will be required to settle the obligation 
and a reliable estimate can be made of the 
amount of obligation. Provisions are measured 
at the best estimate of the expenditure required 
to settle the present obligation, at the balances 
sheet date.
 If the effect of the time value of money is 
material, provisions are discounted to reflect its 
present value using a current pre-tax rate that 
reflects the current market assessments of the 
time value of money and the risks specific to 
the obligation. When discounting is used, the 
increase in the provision due to the passage of 
time is recognised as a finance cost.
 b) Contingent Liabilities
 A disclosure for a contingent liability is made 
when there is a possible obligation arising 
from past events, the existence of which will 
be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-
occurrence of one or more uncertain future 
events not wholly within the control of the 
Group or a present obligation arising as a result 
of past event that probably will not require 
an outflow of resources or where a reliable 
estimate of the obligation cannot be made.
2.10 Revenue Recognition
 Revenue from contracts with customers is 
recognised when control of the goods or services 
are transferred to the customer at an amount that 
reflects the consideration to which the Company 
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods 
or services. The Company has generally concluded 
that it is the principal in its revenue arrangements 
because it typically controls the goods or services 
before transferring them to the customer.
 Revenue from sale of goods is recognised when the 
control of the goods is transferred to the customer, 
which is generally on the delivery of the goods, the 
associated costs and the amount of revenue can 
be measured reliably and it is probable that the 
===== PAGE 191 =====
160 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
economic benefit associated with the transaction 
will flow to the Company. It is measured at fair value 
of the consideration received or receivable, after 
deduction of sales returns, trade discount, volume 
rebates, goods and service tax collected on behalf of 
the government and amount collected on behalf of 
its customers.
 Revenue from rendering of services is recognized 
when the performance of agreed contractual task 
has been completed. Revenue is recognised when 
the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it 
is probable that future economic benefits will flow 
to the entity and specific criteria have been met as 
described below. Revenue is measured at the fair 
value of the consideration received or receivable. 
Amounts disclosed as revenue are net of indirect 
taxes, trade allowances, rebates and amounts 
collected on behalf of third parties and is not 
recognised in instances where there is uncertainty 
with regard to ultimate collection. In such cases 
revenue is recognised on reasonable certainty of 
collection.
 In respect of above, the amounts received in advance 
are reflected in the Balance sheet under “Other 
Current and Non-current Liabilities” as “Contract 
Liabilities” .
2.11 Government Grants / Subsidy
 Government grants are recognized when it is 
reasonably certain that the ultimate collection will 
be made. Government grants of capital nature are 
credited to capital reserve. Other government grants 
of revenue nature including subsidies are credited to 
specific expense head in the Statement of Profit and 
Loss.
2.12 Employee Benefits
 In the case of Holding Group and Indian Subsidiaries
 a. Short Term Employee Benefits
 All Employee benefits payable within twelve 
months of rendering the services are classified 
as short term benefits. Such benefits include 
salaries, wages, bonus, awards, ex-gratia, 
performance incentive/pay etc. and the same 
are recognized in the period in which the 
employee renders the related services.
 b. Long Term Benefit
 The employees are entitled to long service 
award (LSA), as retention earned leave, after 
completion of service of five years, which can 
be en-cashed or accumulated till retirement. 
The liability towards LSA is provided for on 
accrual basis as estimated by the management.
 c. Post-Employment Benefits
i. Defined contribution plan:
 Approved provident fund scheme, employees’ 
state insurance fund scheme and employees’ 
pension scheme are defined contribution 
plans. There is no obligation, other than the 
contribution paid/payable under such schemes. 
The contribution paid/payable under the 
schemes is recognized during the period in 
which the employee renders the related service.
ii.  Defined benefit plan
 Gratuity, being a defined benefit plan (the 
‘Gratuity Plan”) covers eligible employees in 
accordance with the Payment of Gratuity Act, 
1972. The Gratuity Plan provides a lump sum 
payment to vested employees at retirement, 
death, incapacitation or termination of 
employment, of an amount based on the 
respective employee’ s salary. The liability is 
actuarially determined (using the Projected 
Unit Credit method) at the end of each year. 
Actuarial losses/gains are recognized in the 
other comprehensive income in the year 
in which they arise. The Holding Company 
Liability is funded through a separate Gratuity 
Trust. The short/ excess of gratuity liability as 
compared to the net fund held by the Gratuity 
Trust is accounted for as liability/ asset as at the 
Balance Sheet date.
 Compensated Absences: Accumulated 
compensated absences, which are expected to 
be availed or encashed within 12 months from 
the end of the year are treated as short term 
employee benefits. The obligation towards 
the same is measured at the expected cost of 
accumulating compensated absences as the 
additional amount expected to be paid as a 
result of the unused entitlement as at the year 
end.
 Accumulated compensated absences, which 
are expected to be availed or encashed beyond 
12 months from the end of the year end are 
treated as other long term employee benefits. 
The liability is actuarially determined (using the 
Projected Unit Credit method) at the end of 
each year. Actuarial losses/gains are recognized 
in the statement of profit and loss in the year in 
which they arise.
===== PAGE 192 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 161
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
 Leaves under defined benefit plans can be 
encashed only on discontinuation of service by 
employee.
iii.  Employees State Insurance Scheme
 Contribution towards employees’ state 
insurance scheme is made to the regulatory 
authorities, as applicable and has no further 
obligations. Such benefits are classified as 
Defined Contribution Schemes as the company 
does not carry any further obligations, apart 
from the contributions made on a monthly 
basis which are charged to the Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
 In the case of foreign Subsidiaries (Joyce 
Foam Pty. Ltd. and its Controlled Entity, and 
International Foam Technologies SL, Spain and 
its Controlled Entity)
 Provision is made for the liability for employee 
benefits arising from services rendered by 
employees to balance sheet date. Employee 
benefits that are expected to be settled within 
one year have been measured at the amounts 
expected to be paid when the liability is settled, 
plus related on-costs. Employee benefits 
payable later than one year have been measured 
at the present value of the estimated future 
cash outflows to be made for those of benefits.
2.13  Leases
 The determination of whether an arrangement is, 
or contains, a lease is based on the substance of 
the arrangement at the inception of the lease. The 
arrangement is, or contains, a lease if fulfilment 
of the arrangement is dependent on the use of a 
specific asset or assets or the arrangement conveys 
a right to use the asset or assets, for a period of time 
in exchange for consideration even if that right is not 
explicitly specified in an arrangement.
 Group as a lessee
 The group’ s lease asset classes primarily consist 
of leases for  warehouse & facilities. The company 
assesses whether a contract contains a lease, at 
inception of a contract. A contract is, or contains, 
a lease if the contract conveys the right to control 
the use of an identified asset for a period of time 
in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a 
contract conveys the right to control the use of an 
identified asset, the company assesses whether: (i) 
the contract involves the use of an identified asset 
(ii) the company has substantially all of the economic 
benefits from use of the asset through the period of 
the lease and (iii) the company has the right to direct 
the use of the asset.
 At the date of commencement of the lease, the 
company recognizes a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) 
and a corresponding lease liability for all lease 
arrangements in which it is a lessee, except for 
leases with a term of twelve months or less (short-
term leases) and leases of low value assets. For 
these short-term and leases of low value assets, 
the company recognizes the lease payments as an 
operating expense on a straight-line basis over the 
term of the lease.
 Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately 
presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments 
have been classified as financing cash flows.
 Group as a lessor
 Foreign currency transactions are recorded at the 
exchange rate prevailing on the date of transaction. 
Monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currency 
existing as at the balance sheet date are translated 
at the year end exchange rates. Exchange rate 
differences arising on settlement of transaction and 
translation of monetary items are recognized as 
income or expenses in the year in which they arise. 
The long term foreign currency monetary items are 
carried at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of 
initial transaction.
 Non- monetary items that are measured in terms 
of historical cost in foreign currency are translated 
using the exchange rates at the dates of initial 
transactions.
2.14  Foreign Currency Transactions
 Foreign currency transactions are recorded at the 
exchange rate prevailing on the date of transaction. 
Monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currency 
existing as at the balance sheet date are translated 
at the year end exchange rates. Exchange rate 
differences arising on settlement of transaction and 
translation of monetary items are recognized as 
income or expenses in the year in which they arise. 
The long term foreign currency monetary items are 
carried at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of 
initial transaction.
 Non- monetary items that are measured in terms 
of historical cost in foreign currency are translated 
using the exchange rates at the dates of initial 
transactions.
===== PAGE 193 =====
162 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
2.15 Taxation
 Tax expense for the year, comprising current tax and 
deferred tax, are included in the determination of the 
net profit or loss for the year.
 a)  Current Tax
 Current tax assets and liabilities are measured 
at the amount expected to be recovered from 
or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates 
and tax laws used to compute the amount are 
those that are enacted or substantively enacted, 
at the reporting date in the countries where the 
Group operates and generates taxable income.
 b)  Deferred Tax
 Deferred tax is provided in full, using the 
balance sheet approach, on temporary 
differences arising between the tax bases of 
assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts 
in consolidated financial statements. Deferred 
tax is not accounted for if it arises from 
initial recognition of an asset or liability in a 
transaction other than a business combination 
that at the time of the transaction affects 
neither accounting profit nor taxable profit 
(tax loss). Deferred tax is determined using 
tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or 
substantially enacted by the end of the year and 
are expected to apply when the related deferred 
income tax asset is realised or the deferred 
income tax liability is settled.
  Deferred tax assets are recognised for all 
deductible temporary differences and unused 
tax losses only if it is probable that future 
taxable amounts will be available to utilize 
those temporary differences and losses.
  Management periodically evaluates positions 
taken in tax returns with respect to situations 
in which applicable tax regulation is subject to 
interpretation. It establishes provisions where 
appropriate on the basis of amounts expected 
to be paid to the tax authorities.
  The Group offsets deferred tax assets and 
deferred tax liabilities if and only if it has a legally 
enforceable right to set off current tax assets 
and current tax liabilities and the deferred 
tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate 
to income taxes levied by the same taxation 
authority on either the same taxable entity or 
different taxable entities which intend either 
to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a 
net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the 
liabilities simultaneously, in each future period 
in which significant amounts of deferred tax 
liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or 
recovered.
  Current and deferred tax is recognized in 
Statement of Profit and Loss, except to the 
extent that it relates to items recognised in 
other comprehensive income or directly in 
equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised 
in other comprehensive income or directly in 
equity, respectively.
2.16 Dividend Distribution:
 The group recognizes a liability to make payment of 
dividend to owners of equity when the distribution 
is authorized and is no longer at the discretion of 
the Entity and is declared by the shareholders. A 
corresponding amount is recognized directly in the 
Equity.
2.17 Earnings per Share:
 Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing net 
profit of the year attributable to equity shareholders 
by the weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding during the year. The weighted average 
number of equity shares outstanding during the 
period is adjusted for events such as bonus issue, 
bonus element in a right issue, share split and 
reverse share split (consolidation of shares) that have 
changed the number of equity shares outstanding 
without a corresponding change in the resources.
 For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per 
share, the net profit or loss for the year attributable 
to equity shareholders and the weighted average 
number of shares outstanding during the year are 
adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential equity 
shares
2.18 Goodwill
 Goodwill arising on acquisition is recognised as 
an asset and initially measured at cost, being the 
excess of the cost of business combination over 
Holding Company’ s interest in the net fair value of 
identifiable assets acquired.
 Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual 
basis and whenever there is an indication that 
the recoverable amount of a cash generating 
unit (CGU) is less than its carrying amount. For 
the impairment test, goodwill is allocated to the 
CGU or groups of CGUs, which benefit from the 
synergies of the acquisition and which represent 
the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored 
===== PAGE 194 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 163
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
for internal management purposes. A CGU is the 
smallest identifiable group of assets that generates 
cash inflows that are largely independent of the 
cash inflows from other assets or group of assets. 
Impairment occurs when the carrying amount of a 
CGU, including the goodwill, exceeds the estimated 
recoverable amount of the CGU. The recoverable 
amount of a CGU is the higher of its fair value less 
cost to sell and its value-in-use. Value-in-use is the 
present value of future cash flows expected to be 
derived from the CGU. Key assumptions in the cash 
flow projections are prepared based on current 
economic conditions and includes estimated long-
term growth rates, weighted average cost of capital 
and estimated operating margins.
 Growth rates : The growth rates reflect the long-
term average growth rates for the product lines and 
industries of the segments (all publicly available). 
These growth rates are consistent with forecasts 
included in industry reports specific to the industry 
in which CGU operates. The group considers growth 
rate factor of 5-10%.
 Discount rates : The discount rates reflect 
appropriate adjustments relating to market risk 
and specific risk factors of each CGU. The group 
considers discount rate factor of 7-8.5%.Apart from 
the considerations in determining the value-in-use 
of the CGU, management is not currently aware of 
any other probable changes that would necessitate 
changes in its key estimates
2.19 Transactions within Group
 Transactions including expenses to be shared 
between the companies within the Group are initially 
recorded under operational heads by the respective 
Group, and reduced on actual or proportionate 
(where those are not directly attributable) basis 
during consolidation.
2.20 Business Combinations
 Business combinations are accounted for using 
the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition 
is measured as the aggregate of the consideration 
transferred measured at acquisition date fair value 
and the amount of any non-controlling interests 
in the acquiree. For each business combination, 
the Group elects whether to measure the non 
controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at 
the proportionate share of the acquiree’ s identifiable 
net assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed 
as incurred.
 At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets 
acquired, and the liabilities assumed are recognised 
at their acquisition date fair values. For this purpose, 
the liabilities assumed include contingent liabilities 
representing present obligation and they are 
measured at their acquisition fair values irrespective 
of the fact that outflow of resources embodying 
economic benefits is not probable.
2.21 Contributed equity
 Equity shares are classified as equity share capital. 
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue 
of new shares or options are shown in equity as 
deduction , net of tax , from the proceeds.
2.22 Standards that became effective during the year
 There are no new Standards that became effective 
during the year. The group has applied certain 
amendments that became effective during the year 
which are discussed below:
a) Amendments to Ind AS consequential to 
conceptual Framework under Ind AS : The 
Framework is not a Standard and it does not 
override any specific standard. Therefore, 
this does not form part of a set of standards 
pronounced by the standard-setters. While, the 
Framework is primarily meant for the standard-
setter for formulating the standards, it has 
relevance to the preparers in certain situations 
such as to develop consistent accounting 
policies for areas that are not covered by a 
standard or where there is choice of accounting 
policy, and to assist all parties to understand 
and interpret the Standards.The amendments 
made in following standards due to Conceptual 
Framework for Financial Reporting under Ind 
AS .includes amendment of the footnote to 
the definition of an equity instrument in Ind 
AS 102- Share Based Payments, footnote to be 
added for definition of liability i.e. definition of 
liability is not revised on account of revision of 
definition in conceptual framework in case of 
Ind AS 37 - Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and 
Contingent Assets etc.The MCA has notified 
the Amendments to Ind AS consequential 
to Conceptual Framework under Ind AS vide 
notification dated June 18, 2021, applicable for 
annual periods beginning on or after April 1, 
2021. Accordingly, the Conceptual Framework 
is applicable for preparers for accounting 
periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021.
These amendments have no impact on the 
consolidated financial statements of the group.
===== PAGE 195 =====
164 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
b) Ind AS 116 : Covid 19 related rent concessions 
: MCA issued an amendment to Ind AS 116 
Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 
June 2021 to update the condition for lessees to 
apply the relief to a reduction in lease payments 
originally due on or before 30 June 2022 from 
30 June 2021. The amendment applies to 
annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 
April 2021. In case a lessee has not yet approved 
the consolidated financial statements for issue 
before the issuance of this amendment, then 
the same may be applied for annual reporting 
periods beginning on or after 1 April 2020.
These amendments have no impact on the 
consolidated financial statements of the group.
c) Ind AS 103 : Business Combination : The MCA 
clarified that for the purpose of this Ind AS, 
acquirers are required to apply the definition 
of asset and liability given in the framework for 
preparation and presentation of consolidated 
financial statements with Indian Accounting 
standards rather than the conceptual framework. 
Therefore, the acquirer does not recognise 
those costs as part of applying the acquisition 
method. Instead, the acquirer recognises those 
costs in its post-combination consolidated 
financial statements in accordance with other 
Ind AS.These amendments have no impact 
on the consolidated financial statements of  
the group.
d) Amendment to Ind AS 105 , Ind AS 16 and 
Ind AS 28 : In the definition of “Recoverable 
amount” the words “the higher of an asset’ s 
fair value less costs to sell and its value in use” 
are replaced with “higher of an asset’ s fair value 
less costs of disposal and its value in use” . The 
consequential amendments are made in Ind AS 
105, Ind AS 16 and Ind AS 28. These amendments 
have no impact on the consolidated financial 
statements of the group.
===== PAGE 196 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 165
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 3 : PROPERTY , PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars  Land - 
freehold 
 Buildings 
(Including 
Roads & Lanes) 
Plant & 
Equipment 
Free Hold
Plant & 
Equipment 
Lease Hold
 Furniture 
and 
fixtures 
 Vehicles  Office 
equipment 
 Electrical 
fittings 
 Total 
property, plant 
and equipment 
 Capital work 
in progress 
At cost or deemed cost
As at April 1, 2020  1,395.53  22,188.88  33,531.34  96.37  1,208.18  978.68  1,963.13  1,263.60  62,625.71  1,797.32 
Additions  461.00  1,598.96  1,855.68  -    43.99  81.66  142.78  120.64  4,304.72  3,718.58 
Disposals/transfer/adjustments  (5.88)  599.29  1,488.92  19.62  (0.01)  (65.42)  (8.57)  (12.90)  2,015.05  (2,259.41)
As at March 31, 2021  1,850.65  24,387.13  36,875.94  116.00  1,252.16  994.92  2,097.34  1,371.34  68,945.48  3,256.49 
Additions  -    51.81  5,567.86  -    148.36  319.51  279.35  143.51  6,510.40  15,698.22 
Disposals/transfer/adjustments  (6.69)  (359.78)  (1,426.26)  (1.34)  (3.86)  (85.38)  (19.04)  (2.62)  (1,904.97)  (6,965.49)
As at March 31, 2022  1,843.96  24,079.16  41,017.54  114.66  1,396.66  1,229.05  2,357.65  1,512.23  73,550.90  11,989.21 
Accumulated depreciation 
As at April 1, 2020  -    4,683.13  13,971.96  2.65  378.45  416.24  765.71  363.47  20,581.62  -   
Depreciation charge for the year  -    1,034.10  2,910.02  8.15  154.98  172.35  320.53  135.88  4,736.01  -   
Disposals/transfer/adjustments  -    68.42  617.28  0.18  (1.10)  (44.01)  (4.18)  (6.14)  630.45  -   
As at March 31, 2021  -    5,785.65  17,499.27  10.98  532.33  544.58  1,082.06  493.21  25,948.09  -   
Depreciation charge for the year  -    1,229.57  2,958.66  5.77  133.53  136.30  240.21  131.14  4,835.18  -   
Disposals/transfer/adjustments  -    (62.19)  (635.60)  (4.82)  (2.14)  (60.56)  (14.19)  (0.41)  (779.92)  -   
As at March 31, 2022  -    6,953.03  19,822.33  11.93  663.72  620.32  1,308.08  623.94  30,003.35  -   
Net carrying amount
As at March 31, 2021  1,850.65  18,601.48  19,376.67  105.01  719.83  450.34  1,015.27  878.13  42,997.39  3,256.49 
As at March 31, 2022  1,843.96  17,126.13  21,195.21  102.73  732.93  608.73  1,049.57  888.28  43,547.55  11,989.21 
Notes:
a. Property, plant and equipment & Capital work in progress has been pledged as security amounted `28,622 lakhs.
b. Refer note 50 for disclosure of commitement for expenditure on account of acquisition of Property, plant and equipment..
c. Capital Work-in-progress represents assets under construction & installation at various sites and ageing analysis  is as below:
CWIP  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021 
Amount in CWIP  Total Amount in CWIP  Total 
 Less than 
1 year 
 1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 
3 years 
 Less than 
1 year 
 1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 
3 years 
Projects in progress  11,989.21  -    -    -    11,989.21  3,256.49  -   - -  3,256.49 
===== PAGE 197 =====
166 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 4 : GOODWILL & OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Goodwill  Other Intangible 
assets 
 Total  
Cost
At April 1, 2020  25,459.01  283.30  25,742.31 
Additions  -    -    -   
Disposal/Transfer/adjustments during the year  847.68  9.69  857.37 
As at March 31, 2021  26,306.69  292.99  26,599.68 
Additions  4.73  4.73 
Disposal/Transfer/adjustments during the year  (1,108.13)  (12.93)  (1,121.06)
As at March 31, 2022  25,198.56  284.79  25,483.35 
Depreciation
At April 1, 2020  281.86  281.86 
Charge for the year  1.46  1.46 
Disposal/Transfer/adjustments during the year  -    9.67  9.67 
As at March 31, 2021  -    292.99  292.99 
Charge for the year  0.14  0.14 
Disposal/Transfer/adjustments during the year  (12.93)  (12.93)
As at March 31, 2022  -    280.19  280.19 
Net book value as at March 31, 2021  26,306.69  -    26,306.69 
Net book value as at March 31, 2022  25,198.56  4.60  25,203.15 
NOTE 5 : RIGHT OF USE ASSETS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Leasehold land  Buildings  Plant & 
Equipment 
 Total  
Cost
At April 1, 2020  2,104.72  10,739.26  144.72  12,988.70 
Additions  -    3,395.55  -    3,395.55 
Disposal/Transfer/adjustment during the year  -    (371.28)  (29.47)  (400.75)
As at March 31, 2021  2,104.72  14,506.09  174.19  16,785.00 
Additions  2,628.77  787.57  -    3,416.34 
Disposal/Transfer/adjustment during the year  (594.33)  (166.90)  (2.01)  (763.24)
As at March 31, 2022  4,139.16  15,126.76  172.18  19,438.10 
Depreciation
At April 1, 2020  78.83  1,478.58  26.13  1,583.54 
Charge for the year  21.53  2,190.93  35.96  2,248.42 
Disposal/Transfer/adjustment during the year  -    (1,235.49)  8.64  (1,226.85)
As at March 31, 2021  100.37  2,434.02  70.73  2,605.12 
Charge for the year  111.12  2,803.89  39.05  2,954.06 
Disposal/Transfer/adjustment during the year  (12.10)  (43.66)  (1.04)  (56.80)
As at March 31, 2022  199.39  5,194.24  108.74  5,502.37 
Net book value as at March 31, 2021  2,004.35  12,072.07  103.46  14,179.88 
Net book value as at March 31, 2022  3,939.77  9,932.51  63.44  13,935.72 
===== PAGE 198 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 167
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 6 : INVESTMENT PROPERTY
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars  Freehold land Lease Hold  Buildings  Total  
Cost
At April 1, 2020  -    68.47  6,280.20  6,348.67 
Additions  10.90  -    48.34  59.24 
Disposal/Transfer  -    -    -    -   
As at March 31, 2021  10.90  68.47  6,328.54  6,407.91 
Additions  -    -    -    -   
Disposal/Transfer  -    -    -    -   
As at March 31, 2022  10.90  68.47  6,328.54  6,407.91 
Depreciation
At April 1, 2020  -    3.64  179.96  183.60 
Transfer during the year  -    -    18.01  18.01 
Charge for the year  -    0.91  299.92  300.83 
Disposals during the year  -    -    -    -   
As at March 31, 2021  -    4.55  497.89  502.44 
Charge for the year  -    0.91  287.45  288.36 
Disposals during the year  -    -    -    -   
As at March 31, 2022  -    5.47  785.34  790.80 
Net book value as at March 31, 2021  10.90  63.92  5,830.65  5,905.47 
Net book value as at March 31, 2022  10.90  63.00  5,543.20  5,617.11 
Notes:
a. Refer ‘Para- 2.4’ of Significant Accounting Policies’ for depreciation and measurement of investment property.
b.  The leasehold land has been amortised during the year by ` 0.91 lakhs (Previous Year : ` 0.91 lakhs) as per the 
accounting policy in terms of the Ind AS-40 on ‘Investment Property’ .
c. Income from investment property
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022
As at  
March 31, 2021
Rental Income derived from investment property  214.73  188.86 
Profit arising from investment property before depreciation  214.73  188.86 
Less: Depreciation for the year  (288.36)  (300.83)
Net Profit arising from investment property  (73.63)  (111.97)
d. The group has obtained independent valuation for its investment properties at ` 8,297 Lakhs as on  
31st March 2022 and ` 8,297 lakhs as on March 31,2021. These valuations are based on valuations performed 
by K.S. Agrawal Associates, an accredited independent valuer. K.S. Agrawal Associates is a specialist in 
valuing these types of investment properties and reviewed the fair valuation based on best evidence of fair 
value determined using replacement cost of an asset of equivalent utility, depreciation and obsolescence. 
Fair market value is the amount expressed in terms of money that may reasonably be expected to be exchanged 
between a willing buyer and a willing seller, with equity or both. The valuation by the valuer assumes that group 
shall continue to operate and run the assets to have economic utility. The fair value is on ‘as is where is’ basis.
e. There are no contractual obligations to purchase, construct or develop investment property or for repairs, 
maintenance and enhancements thereof and there are no restriction on remittance of income and proceeds of 
disposal.
f. The investment properties which are leasehold properties, realisability of the same is subject to the terms and 
conditions under the respective lease agreements.
g. The group’ s Investment Properties are given on cancellable lease for a period 0-10 years.
===== PAGE 199 =====
168 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 7 : OTHER INVESTMENTS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021
In Bonds & Debentures - fully paid up
Carried at amortised cost - Unquoted  0.35  0.35 
Carried at fair value through other comprehensive income - Quoted  47,876.02  30,359.64 
Carried at fair value through Profit & Loss - Unquoted  5,006.80  -   
Total Investments  52,883.17  30,359.99 
Aggregate amount of Quoted Investments  47,876.02  30,359.64 
Market value of Quoted Investments  47,876.02  30,359.64 
Aggregate amount of Unquoted investment  5,007.15  0.35 
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments  -    -   
NOTE 8 : LOANS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
(Unsecured, considered good)
Loans to employees  8.47  15.91 
Total  8.47  15.91 
NOTE 9 : OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021
(Unsecured, considered good)
Security deposits  452.27  258.61 
Deposits with Banks:
- held as margin money  1.34  1.34 
- others  -    257.70 
Interest accrued but not due on deposits with Banks  -    1.04 
Total  453.61  518.69 
NOTE 10 : NON CURRENT TAX ASSETS (NET)
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022
As at  
March 31, 2021
Advance income tax (net of provision of `24,863.71 lacs &  
(March 31,2021 ` 24,323.98 lacs))  675.35   -    
Total  675.35  -   
===== PAGE 200 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 169
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 11 : OTHER NON CURRENT ASSETS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022
As at  
March 31, 2021
(Unsecured, considered good)
Capital advances*  720.89  225.12 
Prepaid rent  38.82  39.26 
Loan & advances  40.00   -    
Total  799.71  264.38 
*Value of Contracts in capital account remaining to be executed (refer note 51)
NOTE 12 : INVENTORIES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
(Valued at lower of cost and net realisable value unless otherwise stated)
Raw material  16,417.46  16,296.05 
Raw Material (In Transit)  2,975.91  4,090.40 
Work-in-progress  5,331.22  6,221.21 
Finished goods  4,016.91  3,017.25 
Stock-in-trade  840.21  138.23 
Packing Material  839.91  633.94 
Packing Material (In Transit)  54.88  14.30 
Stores and spares  938.29  983.05 
Stores & spares (In Transit)  31.10  136.30 
Total  31,445.89  31,530.73 
Inventories held by group are subject to hypothecation by bankers towards working capital limits obtained by the group.
NOTE 13 : INVESTMENTS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
In Bonds & Debentures - fully paid up
Carried at amortised cost - Unquoted  25.00  -   
Carried at fair value through profit and loss- Quoted  -    1,308.06 
Carried at fair value through other comprehensive income - Quoted  -    3,212.45 
 25.00  4,520.51 
In Mutual Funds - fully paid up 
Carried at fair value through profit and loss- Quoted  8,913.05  6,180.65 
 8,913.05  6,180.65 
Total Investments  8,938.05  10,701.16 
Aggregate amount of Quoted Investments  8,913.05  10,701.16 
Aggregate market value of Quoted Investments  8,913.05  10,701.16 
Aggregate amount of Unquoted investment  25.00  -   
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investment  -    -   
===== PAGE 201 =====
170 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 14 : TRADE RECEIVABLES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
 As at  
March 31, 2021 
(At amortised cost)
Unsecured
Trade receivables - considered good (Refer note below)  28,504.18  30,215.33 
Trade receivables - considered doubtful  800.02  1,557.95 
Trade receivables (gross)  29,304.20  31,773.28 
Less: Impairment allowance for trade receivables considered doubtful  (800.02)  (1,557.95)
Total  28,504.18  30,215.33 
Note :
a.    No trade or other receivables are due from directors or other officers of the group either severally or jointly with 
any other person. 
b.  Trade receivables are usually non-interest bearing and are on trade terms of 0 - 60 days.
c.    The group applies the expected credit loss (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of impairment loss 
on trade receivables. The group tracks changes in expected credit loss on trade receivables based on overdue 
outstanding exposure, expected default rate and  basis exposure is secured/unsecured. ECL impairment loss 
allowance (or reversal) recognised during the year is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. 
 Movement in the expected credit loss allowance
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Balance at the beginning of the year  1,557.95  1,289.20 
Movement in expected credit loss allowance on trade receivables calculated at 
lifetime expected credit losses  757.93  (268.75)
Balance at the end of the year  800.02  1,557.95 
e. Refer note 48 for information about credit and market risk of trade receivables.
f.    Realization from trade receivables held by group are subject to hypothecation by bankers towards working capital 
limits obtained by the group.  
g. Below is the ageing analysis of trade receivables 
 As on March 31, 2022 
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Not due Less than 
6 months
6 months 
- 1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years more than 
3 years
(i)  Undisputed trade receivables
  – considered good  14,289.28 13,972.02  190.67  17.59  2.97  28.86  28,501.39 
  – which have significant increase in credit  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iii) Disputed trade receivables
 – considered good  -    -    -    2.80  -    -    2.80 
 – which have significant increase in credit  -    38.28  76.03  241.88  175.13  268.69  800.01 
Total 14,289.28 14,010.30  266.70  262.27  178.10  297.55 29,304.20 
===== PAGE 202 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 171
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
 As on March 31, 2021
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Not due Less than 
6 months
6 months 
- 1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years more than 
3 years
Total
(i)  Undisputed trade receivables
 – considered good  17,363.84  12,524.58  161.92  63.26  45.58  -    30,159.18 
 – which have significant increase in credit  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iii)  Disputed trade receivables
 – considered good  -    -    -    45.03  11.12  -    56.15 
 – which have significant increase in credit  -    138.25  247.67  148.43  142.60  881.00  1,557.95 
Total  17,363.84 12,662.83  409.59  256.72  199.30  881.00  31,773.28 
NOTE 15 : CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
For the purposes of the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and in banks, cheques 
and drafts on hand. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the reporting period as shown in the Statement of Cash 
Flows can be reconciled to the related items in the Balance Sheet as follows:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Balance with banks :
Current accounts  3,126.46  3,319.14 
Fixed deposits account with an original maturity of less than three months  933.87  17.17 
Cash on hand  20.95  2,400.00 
Total  4,081.28  5,736.31 
Note:
a)  There are no restrictions with regard to cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the reporting year and prior year.
b)    Cash balances with bank earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term deposits are 
made for varying periods of one to three months, depending on the immediate cash requirements of the group, 
and earn interest at the respective short-term deposit rates.
NOTE 16 : OTHER BANK BALANCES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Deposits with Banks:
 - held as margin money  -    47.63 
 - Deposits having original maturity more than 3 months but less than 12 months:  31.58  26.15 
Total  31.58  73.78 
Note:
Other bank balances represents fixed deposits invested with banks.
===== PAGE 203 =====
172 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 17 : LOANS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021
(Unsecured, considered good)
Loans to employees  55.07  55.24 
Inter-corporate deposits  500.00  500.00 
Total  555.07  555.24 
NOTE 18 : OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Unsecured, considered good
Interest accrued but not due on deposits with Banks, bonds and debentures  1,983.18  692.79 
Interest accrued on loan given to others  6.00  -   
Rodtep incentive receivable  1.59  -   
Other loans & advances (refer note below)  646.54  -   
Insurance claim receivable  0.11  -   
Total  2,637.42  692.79 
Note:
a.  Other loans & advances comprise of advances to staff for expenses and advances to other parties etc.
NOTE 19 : OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Advance to contractors/suppliers  3,326.04  1,885.55 
Balances with Statutory/Government authorities:
- Excise & Custom  16.24  2.85 
- GST  1,043.35  23.27 
- VAT/Sales Tax  742.08  478.95 
GST Refund receiviable  550.33 
Prepaid expenses  490.89  427.85 
Lease equalisation  66.33  62.73 
Income tax refund  15.33  15.33 
Right to recover return goods*  166.14  -   
Others  72.09  178.74 
Total  5,938.49  3,625.60 
*- In certain cases, the Group provides its customers right to return the goods within a specified period. The Group uses the expected 
value method to estimate the goods that will not be returned because this method best predicts the amount of variable consideration 
to which the group will be entitled. The requirements in Ind AS 115 on constraining estimates of variable consideration are also applied 
in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that can be included in the transaction price. For goods that are expected 
to be returned, the Group recognises Liability for expected sales return, a receivables on expected sales return (and corresponding 
adjustment to change in inventory is also recognised for the receivables on expected sales return from a customer).
===== PAGE 204 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 173
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 20 : EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
(a) Authorised share capital:
8,80,21,000 fully paid equity shares of ` 5 each  4,401.05  4,401.05 
(March 31, 2021 : 8,80,21,000 fully paid equity shares of ` 5 each)
 4,401.05  4,401.05 
Issued, subscribed & paid up share capital:
4,87,82,808 fully paid equity shares of ` 5 each  2,439.14  2,439.14 
(March 31, 2021 : 4,87,82,808 equity shares of ` 5 each)
Total  2,439.14  2,439.14 
(b) Reconciliation of shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting year
As at 
March 31, 2022 
As at 
March 31, 2021 
 Number of shares  Amount  Number of shares  Amount 
At the beginning of the year  48,782,808  2,439.14  48,782,808  2,439.14 
Issued during the year  -    -    -    -   
Outstanding at the end of the year  48,782,808  2,439.14  48,782,808  2,439.14 
c) Terms and rights attached to equity shares 
 The group has one class of equity shares having a par value of ` 5/- per share. Each Shareholder is eligible for one 
vote per share held. The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the Shareholders 
in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, except in the case of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation, the 
equity Shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the group in proportion of their shareholding.   
(d) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the group
As at 
March 31, 2022 
As at 
March 31, 2021 
 Number  % of holding  Number  % of holding 
Sh. Rahul Gautam  6,209,485 12.73%  6,209,485 12.73%
Smt. Namita Gautam  5,715,879 11.72%  5,715,879 11.72%
Sh. Tushaar Gautam  17,086,314 35.03%  17,086,314 35.03%
Rangoli Resorts Private Limited  6,563,391 13.45%  6,563,391 13.45%
SBI Magnum Midcap Fund  4,384,301 8.99%  4,356,390 8.93%
DSP Midcap Fund  2,438,196 5.00%  2,855,425 5.85%
Kotak Emerging Equity Scheme  3,084,942 6.32%  2,773,731 5.69%
 Note: As per records of the group, including its register of shareholders/members and other declarations received 
from shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding represents both legal and beneficial 
ownerships of shares.
(e) Aggregate number and class of shares allotted as fully paid up by way of bonus shares
 During 2016-17, 1,62,60,936 fully paid up equity shares of ` 5/- each, were allotted by way of bonus shares to all the 
shareholders in the ratio of 1:2.
===== PAGE 205 =====
174 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
(f) Shareholding of promoters & promoter group
Shares held by promoters at the end of the year As at 
March 31, 2022 
As at 
March 31, 2021 
Promotor name  Number  % of holding  Number  % of holding 
Sh. Rahul Gautam  6,209,485 12.73%  6,209,485 12.73%
Smt. Namita Gautam  5,715,879 11.72%  5,715,879 11.72%
Sh. Tushaar Gautam  17,086,314 35.03%  17,086,314 35.03%
Rangoli Resorts Private Limited  6,563,391 13.45%  6,563,391 13.45%
Core Mouldings Private Limited  12,018 0.02%  12,018 0.02%
Total 72.95% 72.95%
(g) No class of shares have been issued as bonus shares or for consideration other than cash by the group during the 
period of five years immediately preceding the current year end.
NOTE 21 : OTHER EQUITY
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2022 
As at 
March 31, 2021
Capital reserve  395.62  2,364.59 
Foreign currency translation reserve  2,879.86  1,549.57 
Capital Subsidy  70.57  56.98 
General reserve  1,716.27  1,716.27 
Retained earnings  131,755.16  110,302.54 
Total  136,817.48  115,989.95 
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2022 
As at 
March 31, 2021
Capital reserve
Opening balance  2,364.58  1,402.97 
Foreign exchange translation (loss)/gain  (1,968.96)  961.61 
Closing balance  395.62  2,364.58 
General Reserve
Opening balance  1,716.27  1,716.27 
Closing balance  1,716.27  1,716.27 
Foreign currency translation reserve
Opening balance  1,549.57  (40.95)
(Loss)/Gain on property, plant and equipment and goodwill (net)  (2,187.63)  4,035.46 
Gain/(Loss) on others  3,517.92  (2,444.94)
Closing balance  2,879.86  1,549.57 
Retained earnings
Opening balance  110,302.54  86,456.83 
Net profit for the year  21,732.97  23,772.11 
Dividend paid to non-controlling interest  (146.02)  (190.66)
Other Comprehensive (loss)/gain (net of tax)  (135.03)  264.18 
Other adjustments  0.70  0.08 
Closing balance  131,755.16  110,302.54 
Capital Subsidy
Opening balance  56.98  56.98 
Receipts during the year  13.59  -   
Closing balance  70.57  56.98 
===== PAGE 206 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 175
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
Note:
(a) Capital reserve
 During amalgamation of the subsidiaries in the year 2012-13, the excess of net assets taken, over the cost of 
consideration paid was treated as capital reserve.
(b) General reserve
 The group had transferred a portion of the net profit of the group before declaring dividend to general reserve 
pursuant to the earlier provisions of Companies Act, 1956.
(c) Foreign currency translation reserve
 The amount represents reserve arising from (gain/loss) on translation of the financial statements of foreign 
subsidiary in the presentation currency of the Holding company.
NOTE 22 : NON CURRENT BORROWINGS
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2022 
As at 
March 31, 2021
Secured
Term loan from banks (refer note (i) below)
 - INR bank loan  352.68  13,148.51 
 - USD bank loan  7,247.32  -   
 -Euro Term Loan  9,767.62  -   
 -AUD Term Loan  5,368.35  -   
 22,735.97  13,148.51 
Unsecured
Loan from financial credit institutions (refer note (ii) below)  82.21  114.97 
 82.21  114.97 
Total  22,818.18  13,263.48 
Notes
(i)  a.  INR & USD Term loans have been taken from JP Morgan & Kotak Mahindra Bank respectively during the year for 
purchase of capital equipments for its Nandigram & towards construction of Mandla (Jabalpur) manufacturing 
facilities.
b. INR Term Loan taken by International Comfort Technologies Private Limited carries interest to be charged 
on loan shall be linked to 1.37% over 3M T- Bill rates as applicable on the date of agreement shall be revised 
at interval of every 3 months . The loan is repayable in 16 equal installments with in 5 years of disbursement 
considering 1 year of moratorium period.
c. USD Term Loan taken by International Comfort Technologies Private Limited carries interest of 2.25% pa 
and is repayable in 16 equal installments with in 5 years of disbursement considering 1 year of moratorium 
period & has been secured by hypothecation of first charge on entire fixed assets ( Movable fixed assets and 
immovable fixed assets).
d. Euro Term Loan from CITI Bank is taken by International Foam Technologies Spain S.L based on Stand by Letter 
of Credit from Citi Bank, India secured by exclusive charge on certain fixed assets of the Holding Company. 
The term loan carry the arithmetic sum of the reference Interest rate viz. 3 month EURIBOR communicated 
by the bank for the period and accepted by the borrower. The principal amount of Loan will be repaid by the 
Company in 20 quarterly equated installements as per predefined schedule and with first installement started 
from October, 2020 and last installement due in October, 2025.
e. AUD Term Loan from Citi Bank, Australia is taken by Joyce Foam PTY Limited secured by a first registered 
mortgage over the freehold property and by a fixed and floating charge over all the assets and undertaking of 
the consolidated group including plant & machinery . The term loans carry an interest rate which is aggregate 
of the applicable Margin and BBSY Bid communicated by the bank for the interest period and accepted by the 
borrower.The principal amount of the loan will be repaid in 60 monthly instalments as per predefined schedule 
with the first installement started from July 2021 and the last installement due in June 2026. The facility 
agreement with Citi Bank requires the following covenants to be maintained at a group and a company level 
mention below:-
  i. Gross Leverage ratio (Group) less than 2.5
  ii. Debt service coverage ratio (Group) greater than 1.4
===== PAGE 207 =====
176 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
  iii. Debt to tangible Net Worth (Group) less than 2.0
  iv Fixed Asset Coverage Ratio (Company) greater than 1.25 
  As at the end of the reporting period the above ratios has been complied with.
 f. Purpose of loan and its utilization
Particulars of 
Loans
Purpose (as per Loan Agreement) Whether used 
for the purpose 
stated in the 
loan Agreement
If no, mention 
the purpose 
for which it is 
utilised
JP Morgan  
(INR loan)
The facility  shall be used by the borrower towards 
Capex at their new plants in Nandigram and Jabalpur. Yes Not applicable
Kotak Mahindra 
(USD Loan)
For capex at Maneri, Medhi Niwas, Jabalpur, Madhya 
Pradesh and Nandigram, Umbergaon, Valsad,Gujrat. Yes Not applicable
Citi Bank Loan  
(Euro Loan)
The purpose of the loan is the acquistion of the shares 
of the target company Yes Not applicable
Citi Bank Loan  
(AUD Loan)
The facility shall be used for capital expenditure for 
acquisition of Plant , Machinery and equipment Yes Not applicable
g. Repayment schedule for secured loan taken during the year.
Particular Citi Bank Spain 
(Aud Loan)
Citi Bank Spain 
 (EURO Loan)
JP Morgan  
(INR loan)
Kotak 
Mahindra 
 (USD Loan)
Number of instalments due (Nos) 51 14 16  16 
Rate of Interest (%)
BBSY+ 
Applicable 
Margin
3 Month 
EURIBOR
1.37% over 3M 
T- Bill  rates 2.25%
Within one year (INR)  1,337.00  2,800.61  -    -   
After one year but not more than 5 
years (INR)  5,368.35  9,767.62  352.77  7,000.00 
More than 5 years (INR)  -    -    -    -   
(ii) ` 82.21 lakhs obtained from various financials credit institutions. These unsecured loans carries interest rate 
0.90%.
NOTE 23 : LEASE LIABILITY
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2022 
As at 
March 31, 2021
Lease liability  12,870.97  12,860.24 
Total  12,870.97  12,860.24 
Current  2,306.18  2,005.17 
Non current  10,564.79  10,855.07 
Note:
a. Refer note no. 46 A
===== PAGE 208 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 177
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 24 : OTHER NON CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Deposits from dealers and others  4,941.19  4,449.92 
Unearned Interest Income on deposits from dealers  66.00  521.45 
Unearned Rent Income  26.89  46.76 
Total  5,034.08  5,018.13 
NOTE 25 :  PROVISIONS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Long term provisions:
Provision for employee benefits:
- Compensated absences  1,592.91  428.00 
- Gratuity  704.41  -   
Other provisions:
- Provision for warranty (Refer note below)  441.02  195.24 
Total (A)  2,738.34  623.24 
Short term provisions:
Provision for employee benefits:
- Compensated absences  9.93  1,041.99 
 - Gratuity  2.14  -   
Other provisions:
- Provision for warranty (Refer note below)  238.31  426.83 
Total (B)  250.38  1,468.82 
Grand total (A+B)  2,988.72  2,092.06 
Note:
Provision for warranty:
Provision is recognised for expected warranty claims on mattresses sold, based on past experience of the level of returns and in 
accordance with the Ind AS - 37 “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets” .  Assumptions used for the said provision 
are sales return trend based on past warranty sales. The table below gives information about movement in warranty provision:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
At the beginning of the year  622.07  631.31 
Created during the year  983.10  498.57 
Utilised during the year  925.84  507.81 
At the end of the year  679.33  622.07 
NOTE 26 : OTHER NON CURRENT LIABILITIES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Deferred capital grant income  22.70  25.54 
Total  22.70  25.54 
===== PAGE 209 =====
178 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 27 : DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (NET)
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Deferred tax liabilities (net)  183.80  887.87 
Total  183.80  887.87 
Movement of deferred tax liabilities/(assets)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Deferred tax  liabilities/(assets) in relation to
As at March 31, 2022
Impact of difference between tax depreciation and depeciation /amortization charged 
for financial reporting purposes.  (196.49)  806.54 
Impact of expenditure charged to the statement of profit & loss in the current year/ 
earlier years but allowable for tax on payment basis  (320.18)  (495.53)
Fair value gain on financial instruments at fair value through statement of profit or loss 
(Net)  65.50  69.32 
Lease liabilities (net)  387.94  (4.00)
Business Loss  (350.22)
Others  597.25  511.54 
Total  183.80  887.87 
Particulars Opening balance Recognised 
in profit or loss 
account
As at March 31, 2021
Impact of difference between tax depreciation and depeciation /amortization charged 
for financial reporting purposes.  806.54  436.75 
Impact of expenditure charged to the statement of profit & loss in the current year/ 
earlier years but allowable for tax on payment basis  (495.53)  (244.26)
Fair value gain on financial instruments at fair value through statement of profit or loss 
(Net)  69.32  75.70 
Lease liabilities (net)  (4.00)  (5.34)
Others  511.54  829.08 
Total  887.87  1,091.93 
NOTE 28 : CURRENT BORROWINGS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Secured
Term loan from banks  4,137.78  -   
Working capital Loans from Banks  -    1,530.28 
 4,137.78  1,530.28 
Unsecured
Loan from financial credit institutions*  6,703.47  5,657.46 
Loan and advances from others**  116.07  111.40 
 6,819.54  5,768.86 
Total  10,957.32  7,299.14 
* The International Foam Technologies Spain has taken discounting and foreign trade facilities  to meet day to day 
working capital requirement with interest rate for these facilities ranging from 0.70% & to 1.35%.
** Loan and advances from others carries interest charged equates to the lender’ s cost of borrowing plus a margin that 
does not exceed the cost charged by the Bank.
===== PAGE 210 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 179
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 29 : TRADE PAYABLES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Trade payables other than acceptances:
(i) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises (refer note 56)  506.29  1,168.31 
(ii)  Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises  29,625.31  31,844.25 
Total  30,131.60  33,012.56 
Note:
a. Trade payables are non interest bearing and are normally settled on 60 days to 90 days credit terms.
b. Ageing Analysis for Trade payable
As on March 31, 2022
Particulars Unbilled 
Dues
Payables 
not due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of  
payment
Total
Less than 1 
Y ear
1-2 years 2-3 years more than 3 
years
(i) MSME  -    505.27  1.02  -    -    -    506.29 
(ii) Others  6,453.69  17,542.68  5,624.77  0.68  3.49  -    29,625.31 
(iii) Disputed dues – MSME  -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed dues - Others  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Total  6,453.69  18,047.95  5,625.79  0.68  3.49  -    30,131.60 
As on March 31, 2021
Particulars Unbilled 
Dues
Payables 
not due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of  
payment
Total
Less than 1 
Y ear
1-2 years 2-3 years more than  
3 years
(i) MSME  -    1,168.31  -    -    -    -    1,168.31 
(ii) Others  8,178.03  19,709.33  3,936.15  20.74  -    -    31,844.25 
(iii) Disputed dues – MSME  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed dues - Others  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Total  8,178.03  20,877.64  3,936.15  20.74  -    -    33,012.56 
NOTE 30 : OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Deposits from dealers and others  3,996.74  3,400.95 
Book overdraft  26.77  -   
Creditors for capital goods  406.28  264.54 
Unearned Interest Income  63.99  142.85 
Other liabilities  37.99  1,493.74 
Unearned Rent Income  6.87  9.52 
Total  4,538.64  5,311.60 
===== PAGE 211 =====
180 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 31 : CURRENT TAX LIABILITIES (NET)
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Provision for income tax (Net of advance tax ` Nil)) March 31,2021 :`28,512.20 Lacs)  -    453.58 
Total  -    453.58 
NOTE 32 : OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022 
As at  
March 31, 2021 
Refund liabilities  265.82  -   
Deferred capital grant income  2.82  2.83 
Contract Liabilties*  5,596.71  5,491.66 
Statutory dues payable  1,813.70  1,896.24 
Total  7,679.05  7,390.73 
*Consist of advances received from customers towards supply of products.
NOTE 33 : REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Sale of products (refer note below)  297,378.17  243,375.83 
Sale of services  610.08  183.47 
 297,988.25  243,559.30 
Other operating revenue
-Job Work Services  4.25   -    
-Rodtep incentive scheme  10.70   -    
-Income from sale of process scrap  177.64  159.92 
Total  298,180.84  243,719.22 
NOTE 33.1 : DISAGGREGATED REVENUE INFORMATION
Set out below is the disaggregation of the group’ s revenue from contracts with customers
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Geographical Revenue
Type of goods
Revenue from external customers  297,378.17  243,375.83 
Total revenue from contracts with customers 
India  206,624.30  166,780.00 
Outside India  90,753.87  76,595.83 
 297,378.17  243,375.83 
Type of services ( IT Support Services)
Revenue from external customers  610.08  183.47 
Total revenue from contracts with customers 
India  297.64  183.47 
Outside India  312.44  -   
 610.08  183.47 
Total revenue from contracts with customers  297,988.25  243,559.30 
===== PAGE 212 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 181
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 33.2 : CONTRACT BALANCES : MOVEMENT IN CONTRACT BALANCES DURING THE YEAR 
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
Opening Balances  5,491.66 
Less: Revenue recognised during the year  73,702.14 
Add: Amount of consideration received during the year (net of adjustments)  73,597.09 
Closing Balances  5,596.71 
Note:
a. Contract liabilities consist of advances received from customers towards supply of products
NOTE 33.3 : RECONCILING THE AMOUNT OF REVENUE RECOGNISED IN THE STATEMENT OF PROFIT 
AND LOSS WITH THE CONTRACTED PRICE
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Revenue as per contracted price (goods and services)  304,730.30  249,963.36 
Less: Adjustments
Sales return  2,304.18  2,649.95 
Rebate and discount  4,437.87  3,754.11 
Revenue from contracts with customers  297,988.25  243,559.30 
NOTE 33.4 : PERFORMANCE OBLIGATIONS
The performance obligation for sale of product is satisfied upon on dispatch and payment is generally due within 0 to 45 days from 
delivery.
The performance obligation for sale of services is satisified over the period of time as per contract with customers
NOTE 34 : OTHER INCOME
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Interest income from:
-Bank deposits  7.67  21.10 
-Bonds  3,713.11  1,041.83 
Inter corporate deposit  45.00  48.00 
Others  3.62  264.84 
Rental income (refer note (a) below)
-Investment & Other properties  1,138.54  643.42 
-Containers  33.21 
Gain on sale/disposal of fixed assets  -    51.93 
Liabilities/provisions no longer required written back  59.43  19.05 
Income from sale of Investments (Mutual funds & Bonds)  1,228.48  1,688.03 
Fair valuation adjustments of Investments designated as FVTPL (refer note b)  13.77  366.86 
Grant Income  134.70  -   
Investment Subsidy received  2.84  2.83 
Sale of non-process scrap  578.69  378.22 
Net gain on foreign currency transactions and translations  749.67  409.59 
Other miscellaneous income  207.59  88.60 
Total  7,916.32  5,024.30 
Note:
a. Includes rental income of `214.73 lakhs (March 31,2021: `188.86  lakhs) from Investment property (refer note 5).
b.  FVTPL of Investments represent fair valuation changes in mutual funds which includes dividend declared and not distributed 
(distributed based on record dates) as at reporting dates which have not been recognised in financial statements.
===== PAGE 213 =====
182 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 35 : COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Raw material
Opening inventory  16,296.05  9,520.31 
Add: Purchases  179,834.17  140,205.60 
Less: Sales/adjustments  4,445.35  2,835.00 
Less: Closing inventory 
(including goods in transit of `2,975.91 (March 31, 2021: ` 4,090.40)  19,393.37  16,296.05 
Raw material consumed  172,291.50  130,594.86 
Packing Material
Opening inventory  648.24  572.55 
Add: Purchases  8,570.16  7,732.55 
Less: Sales/adjustments  765.08  567.49 
Less: Closing inventory 
(including goods in transit of ` 54.88 (March 31, 2021: ` 14.30)  894.79  648.24 
Packing material consumed  7,558.53  7,089.37 
Cost of material consumed  179,850.03  137,684.23 
NOTE 36 : PURCHASE OF STOCK IN TRADE
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Traded Goods -Bed sheets/comforters/PU foam/spring/coir mattresses  5,353.84  1,799.48 
Total  5,353.84  1,799.48 
NOTE 37 : OTHER MANUFACTURING EXPENSES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Power and fuel  1,568.18  1,261.62 
Repair and maintenance:
- Buildings  173.56  256.25 
- Plant and equipment  1,900.41  1,645.42 
Processing and other charges  2,586.54  1,798.90 
Total  6,228.69  4,962.19 
===== PAGE 214 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 183
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 38 : CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS, STOCK IN TRADE AND WORK IN 
PROGRESS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Closing stock:
Finished goods  4,016.91  3,017.25 
Stock in trade  840.21  138.23 
Work-in-progress  5,331.22  6,221.22 
Right to recover return goods  166.14  -   
 10,354.48  9,376.70 
Opening stock:
Finished goods  3,017.25  3,453.05 
Stock in trade  138.23  710.34 
Work-in-progress  6,221.22  4,612.86 
Right to recover return goods  -    -   
 9,376.70  8,776.25 
 Changes in inventories of finished goods, Stock in Trade and work in progress  (977.78)  (600.45)
NOTE 39 : EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Salaries, wages, allowance, and other benefits  22,923.46  20,386.80 
Contribution to gratuity (refer note 44)  185.39  266.30 
Contribution to provident and other funds  1,405.60  1,248.32 
Workmen and staff welfare  1,254.37  1,268.99 
Total  25,768.82  23,170.41 
NOTE 40 : FINANCE COSTS
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Interest expense:
-On borrowings from banks  285.88  333.84 
- Security deposits  523.06  757.92 
-On lease liabilities  557.25  422.88 
-Others  131.68  58.18 
Bank Charges  199.44  195.45 
Total  1,697.31  1,768.27 
NOTE 41 : DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSE
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Refer Note 3)  4,835.17  4,736.01 
Amortisation of intangible assets (Refer Note 4)  0.14  1.46 
Depreciation on right-of-use assets (Refer Note 5)  2,954.06  2,248.42 
Depreciation on investment property (Refer note 6)  288.36  300.83 
Total  8,077.73  7,286.72 
===== PAGE 215 =====
184 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 42 : OTHER EXPENSES
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Repair and maintenance others  1,007.08  785.16 
Bad debts  15.16  69.88 
Provision for doubtful receivables  5.07  207.38 
Advances/Balances written off  34.18  59.67 
Freight and forwarding  12,900.42  11,301.23 
Rent and hire  618.98  528.42 
Insurance  1,239.60  1,063.98 
Rates and taxes  356.59  281.88 
Legal and professional  1,323.07  656.68 
Investment written off  -    1.02 
Selling and promotion  19,281.01  15,699.58 
Travelling and conveyance  944.43  747.78 
Sales commision  118.98  -   
Warranty  970.42  498.57 
Advertisement  7,044.42  5,221.62 
Property, Plant & Equipment written off  -    13.26 
Contributions towards CSR (refer note 57)  457.53  489.55 
Fair value loss for Investments designated as FVTPL  382.97  -   
Loss on sale of fixed assets  28.16  -   
Miscellaneous  3,734.57  2,662.46 
Total  50,462.64  40,288.12 
NOTE 42.1 : AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION INCLUDED IN LEGAL AND PROFESSIONAL CHARGES 
(EXCLUDING GST)
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Statutory audit (including limited review)*  41.00  29.54 
Certification*  2.00  3.54 
Out of pocket expenses*  1.00  0.75 
Total  44.00  33.83 
Includes ` 5.43 lakhs (Previous Year: `33.83 lakhs) paid to erstwhile auditors.
NOTE 43 . EARNINGS PER SHARE
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Profit for the year attributable to Equity shareholders  21,872.80  24,015.17 
Earnings used in the calculation of basic earnings per share from continuing operations  21,872.80  24,015.17 
Earnings used in the calculation of diluted earnings per share from continuing 
operations  21,872.80  24,015.17 
===== PAGE 216 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 185
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
(Numbers in 
lakhs)
(Numbers in 
lakhs)
Weighted average number of equity shares for the purposes of basic and diluted 
earnings per share  487.83  487.83 
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
(` per share) (` per share)
Basic and diluted earnings per share  44.84  49.23 
NOTE 44 : EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (IN RESPECT OF COMPANIES INCORPORATED IN INDIA)
A.  Defined contribution plans
  Employees are covered by Provident Fund and Employees State Insurance Scheme/Fund and National Pension 
Scheme, to which makes a defined contribution measured as a fixed percentage of salary. During the year, amount 
of ` 696.42 lakhs  (Previous Year: `642.63 lakhs) has been charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss towards 
employer’ s contribution to these schemes/funds as under:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Employer’ s contribution towards Provident Fund(PF)  605.11  556.00 
Employer’ s contribution towards Employees State Insurance (ESI)  56.49  54.91 
Employer’ s contribution towards National Pension Scheme (NPS)  34.82  31.72 
Total  696.42  642.63 
B.  Long Term Benefit
 Long service award
  Payable to the eligible employees as retention earned leave, after completion of service of five years, which can be 
en-cashed or accumulated till retirement. During the year amount of ` 146.01 lakhs (Previous Year: ` 121.89 lakhs) 
has been charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss towards the said benefit.
C.  Defined benefit plans
 Gratuity
  The employees’ gratuity fund scheme, which is a defined benefit plan, is managed by a trust with effect from 
2019 is being maintained by Sheela Foam Employees gratuity trust. Under the gratuity plan, every employee who 
has completed atleast five years of service gets a gratuity on departure on 15 days of last drawn salary for each 
completed year of service. The present value of obligation is determined based on actuarial valuation using the 
projected unit credit method, which recognises each period of service as giving rise to additional unit of employee 
benefit entitlement and measures each unit separately to build up the final obligation.
===== PAGE 217 =====
186 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
 The principal assumptions used for the purposes of the actuarial valuations were as follows:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Discount rate 7.51% 7.08%
Future salary increase/salary escalation 7.00% 5.00%
Retirement age (years)  60  60 
Employee turnover 
18 to 30 years 3.00% 3.00%
From 31 to 45 years 2.00% 2.00%
Above 45years 1.00% 1.00%
Notes:
i.  The estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take account of inflation, seniority, 
promotion and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market. 
ii.  Information given for retirement age is based on India’ s standard mortality table with modification to reflect 
expected changes in mortality/ others.
Quantitative sensitivity analysis for significant assumptions as at March 31 2022 is shown below:
Significant actuarial assumptions for the determination of the defined obligation are discount rate, expected salary 
increase and mortality. The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on reasonably possible changes of 
the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant.
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Increase / (decrease) on present value of defined benefits obligations at the end of the 
year
Discount rate
Increase by 1.00%  (284.20)  (204.26)
Decrease by 1.00%  331.38  241.28 
Salary increase
Increase by 1.00%  329.76  243.96 
Decrease by 1.00%  (288.20)  (209.82)
The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined benefit obligation 
as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the assumptions may 
be correlated.
Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit obligation has been 
calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same as that applied 
in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability recognised in the balance sheet.
There was no change in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from prior years.
The following tables summarise the components of net benefit expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss, 
Other Comprehensive Income and the funded status and amounts recognised in the Balance Sheet for the gratuity 
plan. The present value of the defined benefit obligation and the related current service cost are measured using the 
Projected Unit Credit Method with actuarial valuations being carried out at each balance sheet date.
===== PAGE 218 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 187
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
Expense recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss and Other Comprehensive Income:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Service cost:
 Current service cost  178.11  238.98 
 Net interest expense  7.28  27.31 
Components of defined benefit costs recognised in profit or loss  185.39  266.29 
Remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability:
Actuarial losses/(gains) arising from changes in financial assumptions  431.36  (66.04)
Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from experience adjustments  (11.05)  (159.56)
Return on Plan Asset (Excluding Interest)  5.37  (16.29)
Components of defined benefit costs recognised in other comprehensive income  425.68  (241.89)
Total  611.07  24.40 
The current service cost and the net interest expense for the year are included in the ‘Employee benefit expenses’ line 
item in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
The remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability is included in other comprehensive income.
The amount included in the balance sheet arising from the entity’ s obligation in respect of its defined benefit plans 
is as follows:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Present value of funded defined benefit obligation  2,545.09  1,874.94 
Fair value of plan assets  (1,838.54)  (1,850.52)
Net liability arising from defined benefit obligation  706.55  24.42 
Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation are as follows:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Opening defined benefit obligation  1,874.94  1,891.61 
Current service cost  178.11  238.98 
Interest cost  132.73  128.25 
Remeasurement (gains)/losses:
Actuarial losses and (gains) arising from changes in demographic assumptions
Actuarial losses and (gains) arising from changes in financial assumptions  433.18  (66.04)
Actuarial losses and(gains) arising from experience adjustments  (12.87)  (159.56)
Acquisition /Business Combination / Divestiture  18.42  -   
Benefits paid  (79.42)  (158.30)
Closing defined benefit obligation  2,545.09  1,874.94 
===== PAGE 219 =====
188 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
Change in plan assets are as follows:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Opening fair value of plan assets  1,850.52  1,488.68 
Return on plan assets  125.46  100.93 
Fund management charges  -   
Employer contribution  5.00  402.95 
Actuarial loss/(gain) on Asset  5.37  (16.29)
Benefits paid  (147.81)  (125.73)
Closing fair value of plan assets  1,838.54  1,850.54 
The major categories of plan assets:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Fund managed by insurer  1,838.54  1,850.54 
Total  1,838.54  1,850.54 
Maturity profile of gratuity liability is as follows:
(` in Lakhs)
Y ear For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
0 to 1 year  54.03  65.01 
1 to 2 Year  45.55  82.84 
2 to 3 Year  57.27  44.28 
3 to 4 Year  117.36  71.05 
4 to 5 Year  154.36  98.56 
5 Year onwards  2,116.52  1,513.20 
Expected contribution to the fund in next year.  823.87  134.31 
NOTE 45 :  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
(A) Names of related parties and nature of relationship are given below :
Relationship Name of the party
a.
Entities in which Key Management 
Personnel or their Relatives have 
significance influence
Rangoli Resorts Pvt. Ltd.
Core Moulding Pvt. Ltd.
Sleepwell Foundation (Trust)
b. Key management personnel  Mr. Rahul Gautam (Managing Director) 
 Mr. Rakesh Chahar (Wholetime Director)
 Mrs. Namita Gautam (Wholetime Director) 
 Mr. Tushaar Gautam (Wholetime Director) 
===== PAGE 220 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 189
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
(B) Transactions during the year
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
(i) Sale of material/ capital goods
Related entities
Sleepwell Foundation (Trust)  0.36  0.33 
 0.36  0.33 
(ii) Key management personnel
Compensation of Key management personnel
Short-term Employee Benefits  1,107.55  1,025.44 
Post Employement Benefits  13.56  12.97 
 1,121.11  1,038.41 
(iii) Contributions for CSR expenses
Sleepwell Foundation (Trust)  315.00  325.00 
 315.00  325.00 
(C) Balances outstanding at the end of the reporting period
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Post employee benefit plan for the benefitted employees
SFL Employee Gratuity Trust  621.54  (29.52)
NOTE 46 : DISCLOSURES AS PER IND AS 116 ‘LEASES’
(A) group as lessee
 (i) The group’ s significant leasing arrangements are in respect of the following assets:
  (a).  The group has lease of land and buildings for offices, warehouses and service centres. Right of Use 
Assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated 
useful lives of the assets. The lease terms for leasehold buildings ranges between 3 years to 9 years.
 (ii) The carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the year:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
As at April 1, 2021  12,860.24  9,832.70 
Additions  2,490.99  3,395.55 
Accretion of interest  557.25  422.88 
Deletion  (3,037.51)  (790.89)
Closing liability as at March 31, 2022  12,870.97  12,860.24 
Current  2,306.18  2,005.17 
Non current  10,564.79  10,855.07 
 12,870.97  12,860.24 
===== PAGE 221 =====
190 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
 (iii)  Maturity analysis of the lease liabilities:
(` in Lakhs)
Contractual undiscounted cash flows For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
3 months or less  765.50  -   
3-12 months  2,380.51  2,411.02 
1-2 years  2,335.75  2,334.98 
2-5 years  4,406.38  3,943.72 
More than 5 years  7,906.67  8,114.48 
Total undiscounted lease liability  17,794.81  16,804.20 
Less: Impact of discounting and other adjustments  4,923.84  3,943.96 
Lease liability as at March 31, 2022  12,870.97  12,860.24 
 (iv)  The following are the amounts recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Finance cost  557.25  422.88 
Depreciation and amortisation expense  2,954.06  2,248.42 
Expenses relating to short term leases  618.98  528.42 
 (v)  The following are the amounts disclosed in the Statement of Cash Flows:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Cash outflow from leases  2,445.30  2,586.06 
(B)  Group as lessor
 (i)  The Company has entered into lease agreements to lease the following properties which have been treated 
as “Investment Property” .
Land & Factory 
Building situated at 
Sikkim
The lease agreement was executed on 1st December, 2016. The said lease is for a term of 10 years 
with a clause to enable upward revision of the rental charge after every 3 years. The total rent 
recognized as income during the year is ` 158.40 lakhs (Previous year: ` 153.12 lakhs).
Residential Flat 
situated at Greater 
Noida
The lease agreement was executed w.e.f. 15 th September, 2018. The said lease was initially for 
a term of 11 months with a clause of subsequent renewal by mutual consent and the same 
being ongoing renewed. The total rent recognized as income during the year is ` 7.20 lakhs  
(Previous year: ` 7.08 lakhs).
Land & Factory 
Building situated at 
Silvassa
The lease agreement was executed w.e.f. 31st August, 2020. The said lease is for an initial period of 
3 years with a clause of automatically renewal for year-on-year basis until receive termination from 
party. Lease rent will be increased by 5% if both parties agreed on year-on-year basis. The total rent 
recognized as income during the year is ` 49.13 lakhs (Previous year: 28.66 lakhs ).
NOTE 47 : FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
The fair value of the financial assets and liabilities is included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged 
in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and 
assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
1.The group has disclosed financial instruments such as trade receivables, cash and cash equivalents, other bank 
balances, trade payables, other financial assets and liabilities at carrying value because their carrying amounts are a 
reasonable approximation of the fair values due to their short-term nature.
2.Financial instruments with fixed and variable interest rates are evaluated by the group based on parameters such as 
interest rates and individual credit worthiness of the counter party. Based on this evaluation, allowances are taken to 
the account for the expected losses of these receivables.
===== PAGE 222 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 191
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 48 : FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY
The group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by valuation 
technique:
Level 1: quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 
Level 2:  other techniques for which all inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are observable, 
either directly or indirectly
Level 3:  techniques that use inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on 
observable market data
Quantitative disclosures of fair value measurement hierarchy for financial instruments as at March 31, 2022:
Fair Value measurement hierarchy of Assets:
Particulars Date of 
Valuation
Total Fair value measurment using Significant 
unobservable 
inputs  
(Level 3)
Quoted prices in 
active markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs (Level 2)
Financial Assets measured at fair value though profit 
and loss
Other Investments March 31, 2022  13,919.86  8,913.05  -    5,006.80 
Financial Assets measured at fair value though other 
comprehensive income
Other Investments March 31, 2022  47,876.02  -    47,876.02  -   
Financial Assets measured at amortized cost
Other Investments
March 31, 2022
 25.35  -    -    25.35 
Loans  563.54  -    -    563.54 
Trade receivables  28,504.18  -    -    28,504.18 
Cash and cash equivalents  4,081.28  -    -    4,081.28 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents  31.58  -    -    31.58 
Other financial assets  3,091.03  -    -    3,091.03 
Assets for which Fair Values are disclosed:  March 31,2022  March 31,2021 
Invesment Property  5,617.11  5,905.47 
Fair Value measurement hierarchy of Liabilities:
Particulars Date of 
Valuation
Total Fair value measurment using Significant 
unobservable 
inputs  
(Level 3)
Quoted prices in 
active markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs (Level 2)
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
March 31, 2022
Borrowings  33,775.50  -    -    33,775.50 
Lease liabilities  12,870.97  -    -    12,870.97 
Trade payables  30,131.60  -    -    30,131.60 
Other financial liabilities  9,572.72  -    -    9,572.72 
===== PAGE 223 =====
192 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
Quantitative disclosures of fair value measurement hierarchy for financial instruments as at March 31, 2021:
Fair Value measurement hierarchy of Assets:
Particulars Date of 
Valuation
Total Fair value measurment using Significant 
unobservable 
inputs  
(Level 3)
Quoted prices in 
active markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs (Level 2)
Financial Assets measured at fair value though 
profit and loss
Other Investments March 31, 2021  7,488.71  7,488.71  -    -   
Financial Assets measured at fair value though other 
comprehensive income
Other Investments March 31, 2021  33,572.09  -    33,572.09  -   
Financial Assets measured at amortized cost
Other Investments
March 31, 2021
 0.35  -    -    0.35 
Loans  571.15  571.15 
Trade receivables  30,215.33  -    -    30,215.33 
Cash and cash equivalents  5,736.31  -    5,736.31 
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents  73.78  -    -    73.78 
Other financial assets  1,211.48  -    -    1,211.48 
Fair Value measurement hierarchy of Liabilities:
Particulars Date of 
Valuation
Total Fair value measurment using Significant 
unobservable 
inputs  
(Level 3)
Quoted prices in 
active markets 
(Level 1)
Significant 
observable 
inputs (Level 2)
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
March 31, 2021
Borrowings  20,562.62  -    -    20,562.62 
Lease liabilities  12,860.24  -    -    12,860.24 
Trade payables  33,012.56  -    -    33,012.56 
Other financial liabilities  10,329.73  -    -    10,329.73 
NOTE 49 : FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
The group’ s principal financial liabilities comprises of Borrowings , Lease Liabilities, deposits from dealers, trade and 
other payables. The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the group’ s operations. The group’ s principal 
financial assets include investments, loans, trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents and other bank 
balances that are derived directly from its operations
The group’ s financial risk management is an integral part of how to plan and execute its business strategies. The group 
is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk.
The group’ s senior management oversees the management of these risks. The senior professionals working to manage 
the financial risks and the appropriate financial risk governance framework for the group are accountable to the Board 
of Directors and Audit Committee. This process provides assurance to group’ s senior management that the group’ s 
financial risk-taking activities are governed by appropriate policies and procedures and that financial risk are identified, 
measured and managed in accordance with group policies and group risk objective.
The management reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks which are summarized as below:
a) Market risk
 Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market prices. Market prices comprises three types of risk: currency rate risk, interest rate risk and 
other price risks, such as equity price risk and commodity price risk. Financial instruments affected by market risks 
include deposits from dealers, investments and foreign currency receivables and payables. 
===== PAGE 224 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 193
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
 The sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the position as at 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021.
 The analyses exclude the impact of movements in market variables on; the carrying values of gratuity and other 
post-retirement obligations; provisions; and the non-financial assets and liabilities. 
 The sensitivity of the relevant Profit and Loss item is the effect of the assumed changes in the respective market 
risks. This is based on the financial assets and financial liabilities held as of March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021.
(i)  Foreign currency risk
 Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The group’ s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange 
rates relates primarily to the group’ s operating activities (when revenue or expense is denominated in foreign 
currency). The group evaluates exchange rate exposure arising from foreign currency transactions and follows 
established risk management policies. The group is exposed to foreign currencies such as “USD” , “ AED” , “GBP” , 
“NZD” and “EURO” .
 The carrying amount of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the end of 
the reporting period are as follows:
Particulars Currency As at  
March 31, 2022
As at  
March 31, 2021
Financial assets: 
Trade receivables  USD  778.46  177.15 
Vendor advances  USD  104.57  269.96 
Vendor advances  EURO  0.12  39.88 
Vendor advances  GBP  -    356.05 
Capital advances  GBP  1,764.25  -   
Capital advances  USD  1,432.19  31.79 
Bank balances  USD  268.87  355.74 
Bank balances  AED  0.11  -   
Financial liabilities: 
Trade payables USD  (2,030.66)  (1,207.62)
Trade payables  EURO  (79.48)  (208.94)
Trade payables GBP  (19.28)  (6.20)
Trade payables NZD  (127.14)  (92.83)
Customer advances USD  (147.84)  (85.99)
Term loan USD  (7,247.32)  -   
Net assets / (liabilities)  (5,303.15)  (371.01)
 Foreign currency sensitivity analysis
 The group is mainly exposed to USD, EURO, GBP and NZD  . The following table demonstrate the sensitivity to a 
reasonably possible change in respective exchange rates, with all other variables held constant.
 The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items as tabulated 
above and adjusts their translation at the period end for sensitivity change in foreign currency rates. A positive 
number below indicates an increase in profit or equity and vice-versa.
===== PAGE 225 =====
194 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
 Foreign currency sensitivity 
Currency % As at  
March 31, 2022
% As at  
March 31, 2021
USD 2%  267.91 2%  34.22 
-2%  (267.91) -2%  (34.22)
EURO 3%  79.59 5%  12.14 
-3%  (79.59) -5%  (12.14)
GBP 2%  37.96 5%  18.20 
-2%  (37.96) -5%  (18.20)
NZD 5%  6.36 8%  7.43 
-5%  (6.36) -8%  (7.43)
(ii) Interest risk
 Interest rate is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market interest rates. Group’ s financial liabilities comprises mainly of interest-bearing (USD , AUD & 
EURO) project term loans. The Group exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to 
the Group’ s long-term debt obligations with floating interest rates. 
 However, USD ,AUD & EURO term loans are not exposed to risk of fluctuation in market interest rate as the rates 
are fixed at the time of contract/agreement and do not change for any market fluctuation.
 Exposure towards INR term loan is very small and management intends to repay same from operating cash flows 
in case of high flucatuations in interest rates.
 The Company manages its interest rate risk by having a balanced portfolio of fixed and variable rate loans and 
borrowings.
(iii)  Commodity price risk
 The group is affected by the price volatility of certain commodities. Its operating activities require the ongoing 
manufacture of bedding articles, home comfort products, furniture cushioning and specialized foam and therefore 
require a continuous supply of raw materials i.e. TDI and Polyol being the major input used in the manufacturing. 
Due to the significantly increased volatility of the price of the TDI and Polyol, the group has entered into various 
purchase contracts for these material for which there is an active market. The group’ s management has developed 
and enacted a risk management strategy regarding commodity price risk and its mitigation. The group partly 
mitigated the risk of price volatility by entering into the contract for the purchase of these material and further the 
group increases prices of its products as and when appropriate to minimize the impact of increase in raw material 
prices.
b)  Credit risk
 Credit Risk is the risk that the counter party will not meet its obligation under a financial instrument, leading 
to a financial loss. The group is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (primarily trade receivables) 
and from its financing activities, including deposits with banks, foreign exchange transactions and other financial 
instruments.The maximum exposure to credit risk is equal to the carrying value of the financial assets. The objective 
of managing counterparty credit risk is to prevent losses in financial assets. The group assesses the credit quality 
of the counterparties, taking into account their financial position, past experience and other factors.
===== PAGE 226 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 195
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
(i)  Trade receivables
 Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the group’ s established policy, procedures 
and control relating to customer credit risk management. Credit quality of a customer is assessed based on an 
extensive credit rating review and individual credit limits are defined in accordance with this assessment. The 
group regularly monitors its outstanding customer receivables.
 An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on trade receivables by lifetime expected credit loss 
method based on provision matrix. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying 
value of each class of financial assets. The group does not hold collateral as security. The group evaluates the 
concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low, as its customers are located in several jurisdictions 
and industries and operate in largely independent markets.
(ii)  Financial instruments and cash deposits
 Credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by the group’ s finance department in 
accordance with the group’ s policy. Investments of surplus funds are made in bank deposits, bonds, debentures 
and mutual funds. The limits are set to minimize the concentration of risks and therefore mitigate financial loss 
through counter party’ s potential failure to make payments.
 The group’ s maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of the balance sheet at March 31, 2022 and 
March 31, 2021 is the carrying amounts which are given below. Trade Receivables and other financial assets are 
written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as debtor failing to engage in the repayment 
plan with the group.
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022
As at  
March 31, 2021
Non-current assets
- Other Investments  52,883.17  30,359.99 
- Loans  8.47  15.91 
- Other non-current financial assets  453.61  518.69 
Current assets
- Other Investments  8,938.05  10,701.16 
- Trade receivables  28,504.18  30,215.33 
- Cash and cash equivalents  4,081.28  5,736.31 
- Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents  31.58  73.78 
- Loans  555.07  555.24 
- Other current financial asset  2,637.42  692.79 
Total  98,092.83  78,869.20 
(c) Liquidity risk
 Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the group will not be able to settle or meet its obligations on time or at 
reasonable price. The group’ s objective is to at all times maintain optimum levels of liquidity to meet its cash and 
liquidity requirements. The group closely monitors its liquidity position and deploys a robust cash management 
system. It maintains adequate source of financing through the use of short-term bank deposits, short term 
investments and cash credit facility. Processes and policies related to such risks are overseen by senior management. 
Management monitors the group’ s liquidity position through rolling forecasts on the basis of expected cash flows. 
The group assessed the concentration of risk with respect to its debt and concluded it to be very low.
===== PAGE 227 =====
196 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
  The table below summarises the maturity profile of the group’ s financial liabilities based on contractual 
undiscounted payments
Particulars Less than 1 Y ear More than 1 Y ear Total
Y ear ended March 31, 2022
Trade payables  30,131.59  -    30,131.59 
Other financial liabilities  4,538.64  5,034.08  9,572.72 
Borrowings  10,957.32  22,818.18  33,775.50 
Lease Liability  2,306.18  10,564.79  12,870.97 
 47,933.73  38,417.05  86,350.78 
Y ear ended March 31, 2021
Trade payables  33,012.56  -    33,012.56 
Other financial liabilities  5,311.60  5,018.13  10,329.73 
Borrowings  7,299.14  13,263.48  20,562.62 
Lease Liability  2,005.17  10,855.07  12,860.24 
 47,628.47  29,136.68  76,765.15 
NOTE 50 : CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
For the purpose of the group’ s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital, convertible preference 
shares and all other equity reserves attributable to the equity holders. The primary objective of the group’ s capital 
management is to maximize the shareholder value and to ensure the group’ s ability to continue as a going concern.
The group has not distributed any dividend to its shareholders. The group monitors gearing ratio i.e. total debt in 
proportion to its overall financing structure, i.e. equity and debt. Total debt comprises of non-current borrowing & 
current borrowings from banks & financial Institutions. The group manages the capital structure and makes adjustments 
to it in the light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets.
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2022
As at  
March 31, 2021
Equity  2,439.14  2,439.14 
Other Equity  137,580.81  116,881.76 
Total equity (i)  140,019.95  119,320.90 
Borrowings  33,775.50  20,562.62 
Less: cash and cash equivalents  4,081.28  5,736.31 
Total debt (ii)  29,694.22  14,826.31 
Overall financing (iii) = (i) + (ii)  169,714.17  134,147.21 
Gearing ratio (ii)/ (iii)  0.17  0.11 
No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the period ended March 31, 
2022
NOTE 51 : COMMITMENTS FOR EXPENDITURE
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2022
As at 
March 31, 2021
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not 
provided for (Net of advances of ` 720.89 lacs & March 31,2021:  ` 225.12 lacs)  9,078.19  3,454.69 
 9,078.19  3,454.69 
===== PAGE 228 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 197
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 52 : CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2022
As at 
March 31, 2021
(a) Claims against the holding company  not acknowledged as debt (refer note below)
  Disputed liabilities not adjusted as expenses in the Accounts for various years 
being in appeals towards
 - Sales tax  480.99  888.28 
 - Entry tax  194.11  165.24 
 - Income tax  439.12  447.57 
 - Excise Duty  410.57  380.46 
(b) Guarantees given by the Bankers on behalf of the group to third parties  56.19  43.04 
(c) Other money for which the group is contingently liable  75.00  75.00 
Note:
The group is contesting these demands and the management including its advisers are of the view that these demands 
may not be sustainable at the appellate level. The management believes that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings 
will not have any material adverse effect on the holding company’ s financial position and results of operations. The the 
holding company does not expect any reimbursement in respect of these contingent liabilities, and it is not practicable 
to estimate the timing of cash outflows, if any, in respect of these matters, pending resolution of the appellant 
proceedings.
NOTE 53 : ASSET PLEDGED AS SECURITY
The carrying amounts of assets pledged as security for current and non-current borrowings are:
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2022
As at 
March 31, 2021
Current Asset
Inventories  5,776.56  -   
Trade receivables  6,252.66  -   
Other current assets  2,452.68  -   
 14,481.90  -   
Non-Current assets
Leasehold land  1,362.29  907.34 
Property, plant and equipment  16,865.29  7,571.60 
Capital work in progress  11,756.50  -   
 Intangible Assets  33.67  -   
 30,017.75  8,478.94 
Total Assets pledged as security  44,499.65  8,478.94 
Note based on the terms and conditions written on sanction letters by bank
1. Term loan with JP Morgan & Kotak Mahindra Bank in International Comfort Technologies Private Limited has been 
secured by hypothecation of first charge on entire fixed assets ( Movable fixed assets and immovable fixed assets & 
corporate guarantee provided by Holding Company
2. Euro Term Loan with Citi Bank Spain in International Comfort Technologies Spain having exclusive charge on owned 
fixed assets (moveable and immoveable) in holding company at manufacturing plant located at Jalpaiguri, West Bengal 
, Sahibabad , U.P , Rajpura , Punjab and Erode , Tamil Nadu
3. AUD Term Loan with Citi Bank Australia in Joyce Foam Pty Limited having fixed charge over present & future interest 
in Non -Disposable Property ( Which include both Movable & Immovable property ) & floating charge on all other assets 
which does not subject to fixed charge .
===== PAGE 229 =====
198 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 54 : SEGMENT INFORMATION
Operating segment information
The group is engaged in the manufacturing of the products of same type/class and has no overseas operations/units 
and as such there is no reportable segment as per Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS-108) dealing with the operating 
segments. 
Geographical information
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Revenue from external customer
Sale of products & services
Within India  206,921.94  166,963.46 
Outside India  91,066.31  76,595.83 
Total revenue  297,988.25  243,559.29 
Assets
Within India 151,114.94 122,817.80
Outside India  86,130.07  84,118.03 
Total assets  237,245.01  206,935.83 
Liabiities
Within India  36,373.04  40,847.94 
Outside India  60,852.02  46,767.00 
Total Liabilites  97,225.06  87,614.94 
The revenue information is based on location of customer.
Non-current operating assets
The group has common non-current operating assets for domestic as well as overseas market. Hence, separate figures 
for these assets are not required to be furnished.
NOTE 55 : TRANSFER PRICING (IN RESPECT OF COMPANIES INCORPORATED IN INDIA)
The group has appointed an independent consultant for conducting a Transfer Pricing Study to determine whether 
the transactions with associate enterprises undertaken during the financial year are on an “arm’ s length basis” . The 
Transfer Pricing study under the Income Tax Act, 1961 in respect of transaction with the associated enterprises for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2022 is not yet complete. Adjustments, if any, arising from Transfer Pricing study shall be 
accounted for as and when the study is completed. The management confirms that all international transactions with 
associate enterprises are undertaken at negotiated contracted prices on usual commercial terms. During the current 
year, the Tranfer Pricing certificate under section 92E of Income Tax Act, 1961 for the year ended March 31, 2021 has 
been obtained and there are no adverse comments requiring adjustments.
===== PAGE 230 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 199
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 56 : EXPOSURE TOWARDS MICRO, SMALL AND MEDIUM ENTERPRISES (IN RESPECT OF 
COMPANIES INCORPORATED IN INDIA)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
I The details of amounts outstanding to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises based 
on available information are as under:
(i)  The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any 
supplier.
 Principal amount:  506.29  1,168.31 
 Interest:  -    -   
(ii)  The amount of interest paid along with the amounts of the payment made to 
the supplier beyond the appointed day for the year ending.  -    -   
(iii)  The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making 
payment (beyond the appointed day during the year).  -    -   
(iv) The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid for the year ending.  -    -   
(v) The amount of further interest remaining due and payable for the earlier years.  -    -   
  The Information has been given in respect of such suppliers to the extent they could be identified as “Micro and 
Small” enterprises on the basis of information available. Further, the amount payable to these parties is not overdue 
hence no interest is required to be provided/accrued as at March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021
II   The credit period for purchase of goods and services are normally up to 30 days. No interest is chargeable on trade 
payables.
NOTE 57 : CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
As per provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, the holding company has to incur at least 2% of average 
net profits of the preceding three financial years towards Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”). Accordingly, a CSR 
committee has been formed for carrying out CSR activities. The areas for CSR activities are eradication of hunger and 
malnutrition, promoting education, art and culture, healthcare, destitute care and rehabilitation and rural development 
projects as per the Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013.
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
a) Gross amount required to be spent as per section 135 of the Act  409.07  372.91 
Add: Amount Unspent from previous years  -    -   
Total Gross amount required to be spent during the year  409.07  372.91 
b) Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year  457.53  489.55 
c) Amount spent during the year on
(i) Construction/acquisition of an asset  -    -   
(ii) On purposes other than (i) above  457.53  489.55 
d) Details related to amount spent .
Contribution to Sleepwell Foundation Trust  315.00  325.00 
Spent on Health Support , Promoting education including employement enhancing 
vocational skills.  142.53  164.55 
 457.53  489.55 
e) Details of CSR expenditure in respect of other than ongoing projects
Balance unspent as at opening  -    -   
Amount deposited in Specified Fund of Schedule VII of the Act within 6 months  -    -   
Amount required to be spent during the year  457.53  489.55 
Amount spent during the year  457.53  489.55 
Balance unspent as at closing  -    -   
f) Corporate social responcibility expenses of holding company are managed by 
related party -Sleepwell foundation (refer note no. 45 )
===== PAGE 231 =====
200 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 58 : STATUTORY GROUP INFORMATION
Name of the entity in the group Net Assets, i.e., total assets 
minus total liabilities
Share in profit and loss Share in other Comprehensive 
income
Share in total Comprehensive 
income
As % of 
consolidated 
net assets
INR As % of 
consolidated 
profit and loss
INR As % of 
consolidated other 
comprehensive 
income
INR As % of 
consolidated total 
comprehensive 
income
INR
Parent
Sheela Foam Limited
Balance as at 31 March, 2022 87%  121,172.08 91%  19,884.05 63% -116.36 91% 19767.69
Balance as at 31 March, 2021 88%  105,038.23 74%  17,874.98 11% 209.91 70% 18084.89
Subsidiaries
Indian
1 Divya Software Solutions Private Limited
Balance as at 31 March, 2022 -1%  (1,131.10) -2%  (390.48) 0% 0.00 -2%  (390.48)
Balance as at 31 March, 2021 -1%  (740.62) -2%  (421.95) 0% 0.00 -2%  (421.95)
2 Sleepwell Enterprises Private Limited
Balance as at 31 March, 2022 0%  207.32 0%  (28.56) 0% 0.00 0%  (28.56)
Balance as at 31 March, 2021 0%  235.89 0%  65.42 0% 0.00 0% 65.42
3 Staqo World Private Limited
Balance as at 31 March, 2022 -1%  (809.03) -5%  (1,156.72) 12%  (22.28) -5%  (1,179.00)
Balance as at 31 March, 2021 0%  369.96 1%  291.15 3% 54.26 1% 345.41
4 International Comfort Technologies Private 
Limited
Balance as at 31 March, 2022 0%  (587.51) -3%  (591.13) -2% 3.61 -3%  (587.52)
Balance as at 31 March, 2021 0%  -   0%  -   0% 0.00 0% 0.00
Foreign
1 Joyce Foam Pty Limited
Balance as at 31 March, 2022 10%  13,782.87 9%  2,038.01 22%  (41.51) 9% 1996.50
Balance as at 31 March, 2021 8%  9,281.71 11%  2,694.96 12% 227.95 11% 2922.91
2 International Foam Technologies Spain SLU
Balance as at 31 March, 2022 5%  6,621.97 9%  1,977.80 5%  (8.53) 9% 1969.27
Balance as at 31 March, 2021 4%  4,243.87 14%  3,267.52 74% 1388.98 18% 4656.50
Non-controlling interests in all subsidiaries
Balance as at 31 March, 2022 1%  763.34 1% 139.83 0% 0.00 1% 139.83
Balance as at 31 March, 2021 1%  891.86 1% 243.09 0% 0.00 1% 243.07
Total Balance as at 31 March, 2022 100%  140,019.95 100%  21,872.80 100%  (185.07)  1.00  21,687.73 
Balance as at 31 March, 2021 100%  119,320.90 100%  24,015.17 100%  1,881.10  1.00  25,896.27 
===== PAGE 232 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 201
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 59 : INTEREST IN OTHER ENTITIES
Subsidiaries
 The group’ s subsidiaries at 31 March 2022 are set out below. Unless otherwise stated, they have share capital consisting 
solely of equity shares that are held directly by the group, and the proportion of ownership interests held equals the 
voting rights held by the group. The country of incorporation or registration is also their principal place of business.
Name of entity Place of 
business/ 
country of 
incorporation
Ownership interest held by the 
group
Ownership interest held by non-
controlling interests
Principal activities
31 March 2022 31 March 2021 31 March 2022 31 March 2021
Joyce Foam Pty. 
Limited, Australia Australia 100% 100% 0% 0%
Manufacturer of technical foam supplied 
to Business to Business customers 
(mattress and furniture manufacturers) 
Divya Software 
Solutions (P) Ltd., India India 100% 100% 0% 0% Software development and related 
ancillary activities
Sleepwell Enterprises 
(P) Ltd., India India 100% 100% 0% 0% Providing of its Trademarks, Patents, 
Logos etc. and earning royalty thereon
International Foam 
Technologies SL, Spain Spain 100% 100% 0% 0%
To invest in a Wholly Owned Subsidiary 
Company in Spain, engaged in 
manufacturing of Polyurethane Foam
Staqo World Pvt. Ltd., 
India India 100% 100% 0% 0% Information technology and related 
ancillary activities
International comfort 
Technologies Private 
Limited, India
India 100% 100% 0% 0% Manufacturer of mattresses supplied to 
domestic & overseas customers 
NOTE 60 : DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND UNHEDGED FOREIGN CURRENCY EXPOSURE
Particulars of unhedged foreign currency exposure as at balance sheet date:
Particulars Currency As at March 31, 2022 As at March 31, 2021
Amount in 
foreign currency
In INR Amount in 
foreign currency
In INR
Trade payables USD  26.23  2,030.66  16.06  1,207.62 
EURO  0.92  79.48  2.47  208.94 
GBP  0.19  19.28  0.06  6.20 
NZD  2.41  127.14  1.82  92.83 
Advance From Customers USD  1.91  147.84  1.14  85.99 
Trade receivables USD  94.10  7,247.32  -    -   
USD  10.28  778.46  2.38  177.15 
USD  18.50  1,432.19  0.42  31.79 
Advance to vendors GBP  10.52  1,764.25  -    -   
EURO  0.00  0.12  0.48  39.88 
GBP  -    -    3.63  356.05 
Loan to Subsidiary Company USD  1.41  104.57  3.66  269.96 
Bank balance AED  590.00  0.11  -    -   
USD  1,833.46  268.87  4.73  355.74 
NOTE 61 : INCOME TAX RECOGNISED IN PROFIT OR LOSS
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Current tax
In respect of current year  8,323.45  8,549.12 
Tax expenses related to earlier years  (22.04)  (42.32)
 8,301.41  8,506.80 
Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of temporary differences  (585.48)  (48.58)
 (585.48)  (48.58)
Total income tax expense recognised in the current year  7,715.93  8,458.22 
===== PAGE 233 =====
202 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the accounting profit as follows:
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2022
For the year ended 
March 31, 2021
Profit before tax (Including Other comprehensive income)  29,453.69  32,737.57 
Income tax expense calculated at 25.168%  7,412.90  8,239.39 
Effect of expenses that are not deductible in determining taxable profit  115.15  -   
Effect of difference in tax rates  197.17  115.29 
Others  12.74  145.85 
 7,737.96  8,500.53 
Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to tax of prior years  (22.04)  (42.32)
Income tax expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  7,715.93  8,458.22 
Effective Tax Rate 26.20% 25.84%
NOTE 62 : THE CODE ON SOCIAL SECURITY 2020
The Code on Social Security 2020 (‘the Code’) relating to employee benefits in India, during the employment and post-
employment, has received Presidential assent on September 28, 2020. The Code has been published in the Gazette 
of India. Further, the Ministry of Labour and Employment has released draft rules for the Code on November 13, 2020. 
However, the effective date from which the changes are applicable is yet to be notified and rules for quantifying the 
financial impact are also not yet issued.
NOTE 63: UTILISATION OF BORROWED FUNDS
(i)  The group has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
 (a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the group (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
 (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiarie
(ii)  The group has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) 
with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the group shall:
 (a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or 
 (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries,
NOTE 64 : EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
There are no significant adjusting events after the reporting period.
NOTE 65 : DETAILS OF CRYPTO CURRENCY OR VIRTUAL CURRENCY (IN RESPECT OF COMPANIES 
INCORPORATED IN INDIA)
The group has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual currency during the financial year.
NOTE 66 : UNDISCLOSED INCOME  (IN RESPECT OF COMPANIES INCORPORATED IN INDIA)
There is no undisclosed income which is not recorded in the books of account that has been surrendered or disclosed 
as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any 
other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
NOTE 67: DETAILS OF BENAMI PROPERTY HELD (IN RESPECT OF COMPANIES INCORPORATED IN 
INDIA)
There is no Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the group for holding any 
Benami property.
===== PAGE 234 =====
Corporate OverviewStatutory ReportsFinancial Statements
Annual Report 2021-22 | 203
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
NOTE 68: RELATIONSHIP  WITH STRUCK OFF COMPANIES UNDER SECTION 248 OF THE COMPANIES 
ACT, 2013 OR SECTION 560 OF COMPANIES ACT, 1956 (IN RESPECT OF COMPANIES INCORPORATED 
IN INDIA)
There is no transactions with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act, 2013 or section 560 of 
Companies Act, 1956.
NOTE 69: RECONCILIATION OF MONTHLY RETURNS OR STATEMENTS OF CURRENT ASSETS FILED 
WITH BANKS OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
31 March 2022
Month Name of bank Particulars of Securities 
Provided
Amount as 
per books of 
account
Amount as 
reported in 
the Monthly  
statement
Amount of 
difference
Reason for 
material 
discrepancies
Apr/21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  28,090.01  28,090.01  -    -   
May/21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  25,909.24  25,909.24  -    -   
Jun/21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  23,930.09  23,930.09  -    -   
Jul/21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  24,797.80  24,797.80  -    -   
Aug/21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  26,151.99  26,151.99  -    -   
Sep/21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  29,075.37  29,075.37  -    -   
Oct/21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  32,969.64  32,969.64  -    -   
Nov/21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  29,760.13  29,760.13  -    -   
Dec/21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  27,449.27  27,449.27  -    -   
Jan/22 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  26,551.13  26,551.13  -    -   
Feb/22 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  25,878.66  25,878.66  -    -   
Mar/22 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  26,924.84  26,924.84  -    -   
31 March 2021
Quarter Name of bank Particulars of Securities 
Provided
Amount as 
per books of 
account
Amount as 
reported in 
the Monthly  
statement
Amount of 
difference
Reason for 
material 
discrepancies
Apr/20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  19,479  19,479  -    -   
May/20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  17,604  17,604  -    -   
Jun/20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  16,686  16,686  -    -   
Jul/20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  17,774  17,774  -    -   
Aug/20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  19,611  19,611  -    -   
Sep/20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  19,934  19,934  -    -   
Oct/20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  24,515  24,515  -    -   
Nov/20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  26,910  26,910  -    -   
===== PAGE 235 =====
204 | Sheela Foam Limited
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended march 31, 2022
Quarter Name of bank Particulars of Securities 
Provided
Amount as 
per books of 
account
Amount as 
reported in 
the Monthly  
statement
Amount of 
difference
Reason for 
material 
discrepancies
Dec/20 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  25,824  25,824  -    -   
Jan/21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  25,748  25,748  -    -   
Feb/21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  24,489  24,489  -    -   
Mar/21 CITI BANK , KOTAK MAHINDRA 
BANK & YES BANK
Book Debts ( Net of advances 
from customers) & Inventories  26,441  26,441  -    -   
NOTE 70 : COMPLIANCE WITH NUMBER OF LAYERS OF COMPANIES (IN RESPECT OF COMPANIES 
INCORPORATED IN INDIA)
Has complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act read with the Companies 
(Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
NOTE 71
The group did not have any material foreseeble losses on long term contracts including derivative contracts 
NOTE 72
There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund by the Holding Company and its subsidiary companies incorporated in India.
NOTE 73: FOLLOWING ARE THE RECLASSIFICATIONS MADE IN THE PREVIOUS YEAR FIGURES TO 
MAKE THEM COMPARABLE/ BETTER PRESENTATION WITH THE CURRENT YEAR FIGURES:
Particulars March 31,2021 March 31,2021 Nature
(Revised) (Published)
Liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities
Financial Liabilities
 (iii) Other Financial Liabilities  5,018.13  8,444.62 Reclassification items
Current Liabilities
Trade Payable  33,012.56  22,964.51 Reclassification items
Financial Liabilities
 (iii) Other Financial Liabilities  5,311.60  12,586.54 Reclassification items
As per our Report of even date attached
For MSKA & ASSOCIATES For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Chartered Accountants Sheela Foam Limited
Firm Registration No.: 105047W CIN: L74899DL1971PLC005679
Manish P Bathija Rahul Gautam T ushaar Gautam Nikhil Ghanashyam Datye
Partner Managing Director Whole Time Director Chief Financial Officer
Membership No.: 216706 DIN:00192999 DIN:01646487
Md. Iquebal Ahmad
Company Secretary
Place: Gurugram Place: Noida Membership No.: A20921
Date: May 12, 2022 Date: May 12, 2022
===== PAGE 236 =====
www.sheelafoam.com
Registered Office: 604 Ashadeep, 9 Hailey Road, New Delhi - 110001, India