
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
17th November, 2025 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532548 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Name- Centuryply 
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s) 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call for Una udited Financial Results for the Quarter  and half year  
ended 30th September, 2025 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we forward herewith the transcript of the conference call with  Investors and 
analysts held on Thursday, 13
th November, 2025 in respect of Una udited Financial Results for the Quarter  and 
half year ended 30th September, 2025.  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
For Century Plyboards (India) Ltd. 
 
 
 
Company Secretary 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
 
“Century Plyboards India Limited 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY AGARWAL – MD & CEO 
 MR. ARUN JULASARIA – CFO 
MR. SUMANT WATTAS – CEO – MDF & PARTICLE BOARD 
BUSINESS 
MR. VISHU GOEL – CEO – LAMINATES BUSINESS 
 
MODERATOR: MR. NAVIN AGRAWAL 
HEAD, INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES SKP SECURITIES LTD 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Century Plyboards (India) Limited Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the management's opening 
remarks. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Navin Agrawal, Head Institutional Equities, SKP 
Securities Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Navin Agarwal: Good afternoon, ladies and gentleman. I'm pleased to welcome you to this financial results 
conference call on behalf of Century Plyboards and SKP Securities. We have with us Mr. Sanjay 
Agarwal, MD and CEO; along with Mr. Arun Julasaria, CFO; Mr. Sumant Wat tas, CEO, MDF 
and Particle Boards Business; and Mr. Vishu Goel, CEO, Laminates Business. 
We have the opening remarks from Mr. Sanjay Agarwal, followed by a Q&A session. Thank 
you, and over to you, Sanjay-ji. 
Sanjay Agarwal: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to our Q2 FY '25 earnings 
conference call. Before we begin, please note the standard disclaimer. Today's discussion will 
cover the company's past performance and future outlook and is not intended as a solicitation to 
invest. The earnings results and analytical presentation have been shared with you and are also 
available on the stock exchange website. 
The company delivered a strong and broad-based performance during the quarter, with growth 
across all key business segments. Our performance underscores the resilience of our business 
model, the strength of our brands and the success of our ongoing initiat ives to enhance 
productivity and operational efficiency. 
At the consolidated level, the company delivered a robust performance with ever highest 
quarterly revenue of INR 1,386 crores, up 17.1% year -on-year. This growth was driven by 
healthy demand pull of our products and robust performance from our newly commissioned 
limits. On a half yearly basis, H1 revenue was 16.7% higher over the same period last year, 
demonstrating our ability to sustain momentum despite a challenging macroeconomic backdrop. 
In terms of profitability, again, at the consolidated level, the company delivered given ever 
highest EBITDA ex ForEx of INR181.7 crores. EBITDA margin ex ForEx improved to 13.1% 
versus 10.3% in Q2 FY '24. This improvement was primarily supported by higher volumes and 
the benefits of our ongoing cost optimization programs. We have also taken meaningful steps to 
strengthen our balance sheet efficiency. 
On a stand-alone basis, our working capital cycle reduced to 63 days as compared to 76 days at 
the end of FY '24. On consolidated level, it has improved to 70 days from 74 days. This was 
achieved through tighter inventory management, improved payable management and efficient 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
cash flow discipline across divisions. Overall, the quarter reflects not just growth, but also 
improving quality of earnings. 
Segmental performance. Let me now take you through the detailed performance of each of our 
business segments. Plywood segment. The plywood business delivered an exceptional quarter, 
achieving its highest-ever quarterly revenue of INR 760 crores, registering a 16% growth year -
on-year and 17.5% sequential growth quarter -on-quarter. This performance was supported by 
healthy volume growth and improved distribution reach. EBITDA margin stood at 14.2%, 
supported by higher volumes and stable input prices. 
Laminate segment. The laminate division continued to improve its performance trajectory. 
Revenue, which is at ever highest quarterly revenue at INR188 crores, at the consolidated level 
grew by 16.6% year -on-year and 8.4% quarter -over-quarter. We are witnessing encouraging 
demand both in the domestic market and exports, especially from design- driven and premium 
SKUs. 
The EBITDA margin expanded to 9.5% supported by better cost absorption, favorable product 
mix and internal efficiency initiatives.  Going ahead, we expect steady improvement in both 
volumes and profitability as the segment continues to benefit from the brand's strong recall and 
enhanced manufacturing scale. 
Now I will move to MDF segment. Our MDF business continues to deliver robust growth with 
revenue increasing 27.9% year -on-year and 32.4% sequentially and clocking ever highest 
quarterly revenue at INR343 crores. The growth was primarily driven by higher volumes of tech 
and improved plant utilization across units. While EBITDA margin stood at 13.6% against 
14.3% in the previous quarter, a slight moderation was due to temporary cost pressure. 
Now to Particle Board segment. We are pleased to inform you the new Particle Board plant 
commenced commercial production and sales during the quarter. As expected, EBITDA for this 
business remains under pressure due to higher fixed costs during the ramp-up phase. 
Financial overview. From a financial perspective, Q2 reflects consistent improvement in both 
scale and quality of earnings. Our continued focus on operational excellence and disciplined 
capital allocation has helped us maintain healthy return ratios. We al so remain committed to 
investing in brand building, technology upgrades and distribution enhancement to support long-
term growth. 
Cash flows from operations have improved to INR269.4 crores in H1 against negative INR2.73 
crores in FY '24-'25, enabling us to fund CapEx requirement and largely through internal 
accruals.  
Looking ahead, we expect the growth momentum to continue across all major business 
segments. The medium -term outlook for the building material and interior solution industry 
remains positive, supported by rising urbanization, higher disposable income and i ncreased 
consumer preference for branded and premium products. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
With a diversified product portfolio, a strong brand, expanding distribution network and 
upcoming capacity additions, Century Plyboards is well positioned to deliver sustainable 
revenue growth in the coming quarters. We will continue to focus on value crea tion through 
operational efficiency, prudent financial management and responsible growth, keeping 
shareholder return at the core of our strategy. 
That concludes our management commentary. We will now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: We'll take our first question from the line of Keshav Lahoti from HDFC Securities. 
Keshav Lahoti: Firstly, congratulation on a strong set of numbers in all segments. I want to understand, firstly, 
laminates, you are planning for a debottlenecking. If I see this quarter, I was saying in MDF, 
you are planning for debottlenecking, right, in H2 in earlier call, you highlighted. So is that 
running on track? Do you plan to do it in H2? Any change? 
Sanjay Agarwal: So we're talking about MDF or laminates? 
Keshav Lahoti Yes, MDF. 
Sumant Wattas: This is Sumant here. W e are planning for an extension --  line extension on our South plant, 
which will increase capacity of the South plant by about 25%. We will not do it in H2 of this 
year. It will most likely happen in H1 of next year. 
Keshav Lahoti: Understood. Got it. As I can see this quarter, your MDF plant would be operating at 85% 
utilization, which you say is the peak utilization in Q2. So do you feel you will face capacity 
constraint in this segment when you talk about demand is growing by 20%, 25%. And even after 
line extension, overall at the group level, the capacity will just increase by 10%. So how do you 
feel to service the demand for next 2 to 3 years? What is the view on that? 
Sanjay Agarwal: So, you're correct. I mean as of now, we have healthy utilization levels. It's about 80% across 
both our plants, North and South. In H1, like I mentioned, we'll take a line extension, which will 
take our capacity from the current 5 lakh -- 5.25 lakh cubic meters to about 6 lakh cubic meters 
next year. 
 So that's a bit of capacity relief as of now, we are bullish on the industry. The industry will grow 
by 15%, 20%, and that's our outlook as well. With the current capacity, we'll continue to optimize 
for product mix, value added, so on and so forth. And in ternally, we are deliberately -- on how 
to think about future capacity expansion, but nothing concrete at this point in time. 
Keshav Lahoti: Understood. Got it. But anything you can say from initial discussion, what are the thoughts. You 
want to put up a new plant, whether it will be brownfield possibly when you are planning maybe 
in FY '28, we will do something because maybe till FY '27, we'll have the capacity maybe in FY 
'28 peak quarter, you might face capacity constraint? 
Sanjay Agarwal: Look, all options are open on the table. It's a bit too early to comment. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Moderator: We'll take our next question from the line of Praveen Sahay from PL Capital. 
Praveen Sahay: So sir, my question is related to laminate. Definitely, like revenue growth is there, but it's largely 
due to a realization improvement. So can you give some color on how mix has changed, which 
product or which market basically the expansion and which led to the realization improvement 
and how it is sustainable? 
Management: Thanks for the question. So I think 2, 3 areas, okay? One, to the question of how the product 
mix has changed. So this is a broad-based kind of recovery we are seeing, okay? And this 
actually expands both for our domestic as well as our international operations. So at this stage, 
it is not a specific geography or the set of geographies wherein we are working towards the 
improvement of the product mix. 
 However, this is a more broad -based strategy change which we are looking at wherein the 
premium mix is something which we are pushing and that actually is impacting our realizations 
in a positive way. So that's where we are working on. 
Praveen Sahay: And that's sustainable in the nature way forward, we will see continued such kind of realization. 
Management: Yes. So it should be sustainable because as we move forward, we are now proactively looking 
at avenues in terms of the entire ecosystem, specifically the influencers, including the architects, 
some of the premium markets as far as exports are concerned and  a certain conscious effort to 
look at a high premium product mix, both for our international as well as our domestic markets. 
So we strongly believe that as we move forward, the premiumization on the category is 
something which will continue. 
Sanjay Agarwal: See basically, the train of laminate had derailed for the experiments very serious, very deep 
experiments we were doing, and they were not really working. So it was like a train which 
derailed. But now actually, it has come on the rails that you can see, it is progressing. Now very 
soon, in a year or so, you will see we'll be back absolutely on the full swing. That is what 
happens. It was derailed. 
Praveen Sahay: Good, sir. Sir, next question is related to particle board, even though that contribution is very 
low, but your guidance is 40% for our sales growth. But in the first half, there is a decline in the 
revenue. So how in the second half, you are looking at very exponential growth? 
Management: Yes. Thank you for the question. In the sort of Q2 revenue and volume numbers that you see, 
there's a footnote about 10,000, 11,000 million cubic meters of sales we actually capitalized, 
which is about INR23 crores of sales. If you take that into account, these are trial sales of trial 
material, which as per accounting norms need to be capitalized. 
 So if you take that into account, Q2 actually has seen expansion and growth as compared to Q1. 
And hence, we are quite confident of the 40% guidance that we've given. The 40% growth 
potentially means ending the year at about INR 200-odd crores, if I take the trial sales into 
account because we already at INR 54 crores, INR55 crores quarter for Q2. Even if I maintain 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
the same run rate, which we are quite hopeful of surpassing, we should be able to hit that 40% 
guidance. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Sneha Talreja from Nuvama. 
Sneha Talreja: Sir, just 2 questions from my end. Actually, I just wanted to understand, if I'm not wrong you've 
already spoken about this particular quarter, we have seen some impact on the MDF side of it… 
Sanjay Agarwal: I can't hear clearly, actually. Hello? Your voice is not very clear. 
Sneha Talreja: just wanted to understand the raw material cost impact on the MDF front, although I understand 
we have seen some increase in prices. Have you already started seeing decline there or that's still 
on an elevated level? If yes, by when can we see easing out o f those raw material prices? And 
what impact did it have on our margin level? 
Sanjay Agarwal: Yes. So Sneha, thanks for your question. Look, this quarter, there was pressure on raw materials 
on both wood and chemicals. Let me take it one by one. On wood, especially in North, there was 
a pressure on account of supply shortage in Punjab where our pla nt is, there wer e significant 
rains and floods. 
 And as a result of it, there was availability constraint and cost pressure on timber in North. 
However, having said that, South continues to stabilize and maybe even soften a bit. This is a 
temporary phenomenon. It is stabilizing he on the wood front. On chemicals, again, we don't see 
the cost pressure to sustain. It's a temporary blip. 
 As you are aware, most of our chemicals are basic chemicals linked to global commodity 
movements and global freight movements, be it natural gas or be it crude. We believe this will 
also stabilize in a month or so. 
Sneha Talreja: Understood, sir. Secondly, just wanted to get a clarity on your particle board decision in this 
particular quarter, of course, we capitalized everything and you have made trial runs. How is the 
response in the market? And how do we see gradual run rate improving from here? 
Management: Yes. So, there's this plant that we've commissioned is a top-of-the-line continuous line. And the 
technology is actually quite cutting edge. The board that have come out has received very good 
feedback from the market. The board q uality, the surface quality, et c., is very, very robust. So 
we're very hopeful of a good response in the coming quarters and a good scale up. 
Sanjay Agarwal: Sneha, the quality of the particle board has come out so that we are very, very confident that 
selling it will not be difficult for us. Of course, the market prices will prevail, but selling it will 
not be very difficult, and we'll be able to ramp up soon. 
Moderator: We'll take our next question from the line of Amit Purohit from Elara. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Amit Purohit: Sir, just on the segmental wise, if you could help us in, one, any price increase that you would 
have taken in the plywood or MDF segment and also the cost pressure in terms of the timber 
pricing for plywood and MDF? 
Management: As far as plywood is concerned, there are no cost pressures. A little bit of prices have softened 
in India. So some of the manufacturers, the small ones are using more of local material. And it's 
good for us because we want to manage quality and the pressure which was there on im ports is 
a little bit reducing. 
 So neither there is any increase of prices nor there is any reduction in prices. And that's why we 
have also not increased any prices on our products. Whether we are getting benefit because of 
the volumes increase, the automatic cost reduction happens a little bit. That's how the EBITDA 
is a little better. 
Amit Purohit: On MDF, sir? 
Management: On MDF, pricing,  -- we haven't taken any structural price increases nor have we taken any 
structural price decrease. So Q-o-Q on realization that you see is mostly on account of product 
mix and thickness mix. And we expect going forward as well prices to remain stable. 
 On cost pressures, like I mentioned, there have been temporary pressure this quarter, both on 
timber on account of monsoon floods, especially in North and also temporary pressure on 
account of global fuels in crude and natural gas as well as shipping on the chemical side. 
However, these are temporary blips. We expect things to stabilize this quarter. 
Amit Purohit: Okay. And generally, sir, on the demand environment, many of the companies have talked about 
that there has been extended monsoon, which had an impact on the consumption in general. But 
when I see our numbers, we don't see anything --  any impact. In fact, there has been a bit of an 
improvement only sequentially, if I look at even plywood volumes or even for that matter, MDF 
volumes. 
 So what would you ascribe it to? Is it -- I mean, the thing that earlier was talked about that after 
2, 3 years of real estate cycle or the plywood or the decorative segment starts to do well. Is that 
the benefit? Or this is something to do with the intern al initiatives that we have taken on with 
distribution as well as on the intermediary side focus that is helping us to gain. What is the 
market environment now? 
Sanjay Agarwal: I don't think that there is much change in the market. And you have to see that we are in an 
industry in plywood, we hardly have any market share. It is below 10%. So there is a huge 
possibility. So in such situation where you are below 10%, even if the total growth is not very 
good, still we have a lot of space headroom to actually achieve. 
 But we see that there is a good demand in the market. And you have to --  again, remember that 
the quality assurance order has stopped all the imports of whether it is MDF or whether plywood 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
by 80%, 10%, 20% is still getting imported. So that is helping MDF also and that is helping 
plywood also. 
 So I don't see that for us because we are doing everything possible under the sun, whether it is 
branding or expansion of people, no new measures to gain market share, always we are there in 
the market totally. So -- and it has worked earlier. It is working now, and we certainly hope that 
it will work in the future also. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Hrishikesh from Kotak Mutual Fund. 
Hrishikesh: Sir, just if I look at your MDF margin probably this 13.5% is at a reasonable utilization of 70% 
plus. So obviously, we can't take a call on the pricing, but how much is the scope on the product 
mix side do we have to improve? Because utilization, if I loo k at it, there's very little runway 
considering we are now almost close to high-density MDF also we are selling. So how much on 
the product mix side or customer mix side do we have in terms of to get the margin up further? 
Management: Hrishikesh, thanks for your question. I think there's, you know, while we have a healthy baseline 
on value-added products I think there's a lot more scope. And as a company, we endeavor to 
really push the envelope on the high-margin value-added products. So I think there's significant 
way to go there in terms of both geography mix and product mix from our perspective.  
If you look at the current margin number, you also have to factor in a little bit of temporary blip 
on account of RM that I spoke about. So I think going forward, we at least endeavor to really up 
our game further on value-added and also therefore see improvement in margins. But this takes 
time. I mean this is a long -term game, and we have to invest behind marketing, R&D and a lot 
of other focused programs on the influencer side as well. But we believe there's sufficient room 
to grow there. 
Hrishikesh: Do you feel that potentially 20% margin is possible, assuming at the current realization without 
much price hikes based on the improvement in product mix or whatever you spoke about, let's 
say, at the exit of March or probably next year? 
Management: Look, it's hard to put the timelines to when we take those margin levels, but it is in a steady state 
with value-added maxed out and all temporary RM pressures going away, I think high-teens is  
a possibility. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: Sir, congratulations for a good set of numbers. 
Sanjay Agarwal: Thank you. 
Ritesh Shah: Sir, I had a simple question. Sir, how do you look at the machine make, say, something Chinese 
versus something European, specifically with our experience probably on particle board on the 
quality and output. The differential that it could help us on capex intensity and hence, on pricing 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
and profitability. And something similar, hypothetically, if you had to add another line on MDF. 
Say, 6 months, 12 months, 18 months out, would you go for a Chinese make based on your 
experience of particle board? 
Sanjay Agarwal: Are you asking a question for some new venture? 
Ritesh Shah: No, sir. 
Management: I don't think we have the opinion here on what is Chinese I think century, what we can tell you 
about it is that we keep a very close eye on all technology developments. And our OEM partners, 
the Chinese or European have been associated with us since very long. 
Whatever machineries we put up in future protection , we totally understand and scrutinize and 
put up the best machinery possible. So I don't think it's a fair -- it won't be fair from our side to 
take a comment on the country of origin in terms of robustness of technology. I think it's 
immaterial. 
Ritesh Shah: Right. Let me put it other way, sir. Particle board stabilization, quality of products, are you 
something happy with? 
Management: Like we previously mentioned, we commenced commercial production in this quarter. So 
commercial production started June '26, which is almost Q2 for us a nd the machines are 
stabilized. We are very happy with the quality of the product. And we're looking at a more robust 
ramp-up. 
Ritesh Shah: Sure. And sir, just last data point, if you can. Sir, hypothetically, for the same capacity standards, 
if one has to, what will be the capex differential between the 2 regions, say, 20%, 30%, 40%? 
Management: Honestly, I'll have to come back to you because it depends a lot on some specific specifications, 
right? So let's say, for the particle board, you know, our particle board is a super particle board. 
So we've added a few pieces of equipment that enhances the product quality much beyond what 
we are offering. So it's apple to apple comparison. 
Ritesh Shah: Okay. Sure. Just last question, given you didn't comment on the MDF potential extensions --  
expansion next year or year after. Sir, how should we look at the balance sheet numbers, 
specifically on the absolute net debt number, if you could help us with tha t? And the capex 
number that we should look for '26, '27, '28? 
Sanjay Agarwal: Arunji, would you like to take that? 
Arun Kumar Julasaria: No, no. You do it. 
Management: He is asking for the whole company. 
Sanjay Agarwal: Specifically for MDF, so I think you are the person. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Management: Are you asking specifically for MDF? 
Ritesh Shah: No, sir, at company level. Sir, given we didn't get an answer on MDF, I'm trying to just bridge 
the gap somehow. 
Arun Kumar Julasaria: So you see as far as you have seen all the investments we have done, particle board, MDF and 
plywood. So all the investments are now into full -- have been ramped up fully. All the initial 
problems have been covered. So these are the time now when we will be reaping the benefits.  
So this year, maybe still some hiccups with the particle board plant. 
So what I see that this year and the next year are absolutely there to get the benefits of whatever 
we have planted. And I see this growth, whatever we are doing right now, this growth will 
continue. We always give indications of every item and we have separately, plywood separately, 
laminate separately. And we expect we will be able to achieve that without any problem. That 
is what was your question. 
Ritesh Shah: Sir, I was referring to how should we look at the net debt profile, say, currently, should we expect 
INR300 crores? 
Arun Kumar Julasaria: You see, you have to calculate because I have -- we have given the guidance of growth and we 
have given the guidance of EBITDA also. So we do not like to give you a figure that, yes, this 
is the profit or this is the expected profit, but we have given a gu idance on both the things, and 
it's very easy for you to calculate actually now. Isn't it? 
Ritesh Shah: Correct. Yes, sir. Sure, sir. 
Arun Kumar Julasaria: But it is all positive, actually. Yes. 
Ritesh Shah: Yes, sir, it is positive, so it can be more positive, sir. That's the reason we are trying to figure it 
out, sir. Sir, capex number '26 and '27, sir? 
Arun Kumar Julasaria: Capex, we have undertaken on plywood factory in Hoshiarpur, which is now under construction. 
And the other capex, I think we are still planning. So MDF or particle -- no more particle board 
right now, but MDF and plywood we are planning, I think, first, we  will get it approved from 
the Board and then we'll be able to declare. 
The only way to grow is to put up more investment into this manufacturing capacity because 
there is no other possibility. There is no trading. So there is no other possibility of growing. So 
we will have to invest. 
Moderator: We'll take our next question from the line of Udit from Yes Securities. 
Udit: congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir, I just wanted to understand a bit deep into the 
plywood space. I'm sure that you have been delivering some superior numbers versus everybody 
else. And what is leading to such kind of a growth? 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
We understand that there might be some kind of shift in demand happening from unorganized 
to organized as well. But if you can throw some light into product segment or the kind of market 
share that you're gaining, that would be helpful. 
Management: Frankly, there is no very specific reason at the moment. Yes, the import ban because of the 
quality assurance has certainly helped. Otherwise, a lot of plywood coming in from Vietnam and 
Nepal, etcetera. So that has happened been stopped or reduced to a great extent. The rest of it is 
actually all the market is open to all every company some companies are sometimes. 
So, it is right now, the movement of Century Ply, so probably whatever we are doing is working 
in the market and we are able to gain the market share at the moment. And we are working very, 
very hard on many new things. We are learning while we are progressing. So there so many 
things we are doing, which nobody else is doing, actually. And the quality. 
Of course, the quality is still the best. Nobody else comes near than the customer who has tested 
the fruits once , he again comes back for plywood, Century Ply only. I hope I answer your 
question very well. 
Udit: Yes. For sure, sir. That was very helpful. And all the best. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Mehul from NMV Securities. 
Mehul: Yes, I would like to know the utilization for H2 for all the four segments? 
Sumant Wattas: Utilisation for H2 for all the four segments. 
Management: So, maybe I can start with MDF. 
On MDF utilization for H2 will continue to about 80%-plus 
utilization. [inaudible 0:36:21] 85%. For particle boards , you know, currently we are at about 
35% utilization. We hope to go up to about 55% to 60% in H2. For plywood and land, I will 
hand it over to Vishu. 
Vishu Goel: So, Mehul, Vishu this side. On the laminate side, right now, since we have kind of  two plants 
out there, okay, we have an older plant in Joka, there's a new facility in Badvel. So Joka, we are 
about 80%, 82% utilization. 
And for Badvel plant, we have ramped up to almost about 55% as we speak. So as we move 
forward, we are looking – yeah, as we move forward, we are looking at the capacity utilization 
for both Joka as well Badvel to go up about 10 to 15 percentage points for Badvel specifically. 
Mehul: Okay. And for plywood? 
Sanjay Agarwal: And for plywood, we are internally increasing the capacity in all our plants, like in '24/'25, the 
capacity was around 3,39,600; in '25-'26 Q1, it was 3,82,800; in Q2, it has increased to 3,94,800. 
And already certain internal progresses are happening in Kandla and in Chennai. So this capacity 
will further increase. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
So presently, what we are doing is we are able to supply and achieve through our internal 
development within the existing plants. The new plant will still take about a year delayed a little 
bit. It will take about a year to come out. And all the plants excepting particle board capacity, all 
the plants are about 80%, 85% typically. 
Mehul: Okay. And what is the -- what is the utilization we are expecting for '26 and '27? 
Sanjay Agarwal: For '26, '27. I think the way we look at it, it should go above 100% utilization, actually, I'm 
joking. But yes, we are -- whatever we are doing, we will be able to achieve, I think, 90% plus 
in most cases. But I don't have the actual numbers right now in front of me. 
So I'm just giving you a reply which is just off the book. If you really need more detail the 
Investor Relations will certainly update you. I will note down your name. 
Mehul: Sure, Sure.  
Sanjay Agarwal:  Yes, they will get in touch with you. You are from which company? 
Mehul: Nayan M. Vala Securities. 
Sanjay Agarwal: Okay. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Sanjay Agarwal for closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Agarwal: Yes. Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for your insightful questions and continued interest in 
our company. We are encouraged by the strong performance across all our business segments 
and remain confident about sustaining this growth momentum in the coming quarters. We 
appreciate your trust and support, and we look forward to engaging with you again after our next 
quarter's results. Thank you, and have a great day ahead. 
Moderator: Thank you, members of the management team. On behalf of SKP Securities Limited, that 
concludes the conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you once again. 