
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
Date: 11th August, 2025 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532548 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Name- Centuryply 
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s) 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call for Una udited Financial Results for the Quarter  ended 30
th June, 
2025 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we forward herewith the transcript of the conference call with  Investors and 
analysts held on Friday, 8
th August, 2025 in respect of Una udited Financial Results for the Quarte r ended 30th 
June, 2025. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
For Century Plyboards (India) Ltd. 
 
 
 
Company Secretary 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
“Century Plyboards India Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 08, 2025 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CENTURY PLYBOARDS 
INDIA LIMITED 
 MR. KESHAV BHAJANKA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
CENTURY PLYBOARDS INDIA LIMITED 
 MRS. NIKITA BANSAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
CENTURY PLYBOARDS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. ARUN JULASARIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CENTURY PLYBOARDS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SUMANT WATTAS – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MDF AND PARTICLE BOARD BUSINESS – CENTURY 
PLYBOARDS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VISHU GOEL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
LAMINATES BUSINESS – CENTURY PLYBOARDS INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. VAIBHAV PACHISIA – SKP SECURITIES LIMITED 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Century Plyboards India Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this  conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Vaibhav Pachisia from SKP Securities. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vaibhav Pachisia: Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'm pleased to welcome you to this Q1 FY 
'26 Financial Results Conference Call on behalf of Century  Plyboards and SKP Securities. We 
have with us Mr. Sanjay Agarwal, MD and CEO; along with Mr. Keshav Bhajanka, Executive 
Director; Mrs. Nikita Bansal, Executive Director; Mr. Arun Julasaria, Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. Sumant  Wattas, CEO, MDF and Particle Board Business and Mr. Vishu Goel, CEO, 
Laminates business. We will have the opening remarks from Mr. Sanjay Agarwal, followed by 
a Q&A session. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Agarwal. 
Sanjay Agarwal: Thank you, Vaibhav. Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the FY '25 
Q2 Earnings call for Century Ply. Before we begin, I would like to provide the standard 
disclaimer. This discussion will focus on the company's historical performance and future 
prospects and is not intended as an invitation to invest in the company. The results and analytical 
presentations have been shared with you and are available on the stock exchange website. 
 Revenue performance. I'm pleased to share that our Q1 FY '26 performance is in line with the 
guidance we shared during our previous investor call. On a year -on-year basis, we delivered a 
healthy revenue growth of 6.8% on a stand-alone level and 16.3% on a consolidated basis. This 
performance underscores the resilience and agility of our strong business model. 
 EBITDA performance. Now moving to profitability. On a stand -alone basis, our EB ITDA, 
excluding foreign -- forex impact, came at 12.7%, slightly lower than last year Q1 13.5%. This 
marginal decline is largely due to higher advertising and promotional spend we undertook during 
the quarter to support our growth initiative. 
 On a consoli dated basis, EBITDA, excluding forex  impact, improved significantly to 12.5% 
compared to 11.2% in Q1 FY '25. This uptick is primarily driven by the positive contribution 
from our Badvel plant, which was an early ramp-up phase during the same period last year. Now 
to business segment highlights. Plywood. The segment continues to lead our portfolio with 
15.3% year-over-year growth in top line, supported by strong volume growth.  
The EBITDA margin in this segment stood at an impressive 13.8%, placing us amongst the best. 
The plywood industry in India is poised for steady growth over the medium to long term, 
supported by structural tailwinds such as urbanization, rising disposable inc omes, government 
focus on affordable housing and the shift towards branded and organized products. 
 As consumer awareness around quality, sustainability and aesthetics increase, demand is 
expected to shift further in favor of premium and eco-friendly plywood solutions. The ongoing 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
formalization of the sector aided by BIS implementation and stricter environmental regulations 
is anticipated to benefit organized players, leading to consolidation in the market.  
Despite near-term challenges from input cost volatility and subdued real estate cycles in certain 
regions, the long-term outlook remains optimistic. With continued infrastructure development, 
a revival in private capex and robust demand from the furniture and interior decor segments, the 
plywood sector is expected to witness a good growth over the next 3 to 5 years.  
And I am happy to say that July '25 marked a historic milestone for us as we recorded our ever 
-- highest ever sales volume in plywood.  Now to Laminates. I am happy to report that this 
segment is showing early signs of a turnaround. We recorded a 12.8% year-over-year and 1.9% 
quarter-on-quarter growth in consolidated revenue.  
The EBITDA margin came in at 5.9%, and we are optimistic about continued gradual recovery 
in the quarters ahead. T o support margin expansion, we are focusing on strategic cost -saving 
interventions across operations. MDF. Our MDF business has performed very well with a 23.7% 
year-on-year revenue growth on a consolidated basis and an EBITDA margin of 14.3%, among 
the highest in the industry.  
The improved results are a reflection of better capacity utilization, especially at our Badvel 
facility and cost optimization at both the plants. Particle Board. The segment continues to be in 
recovery phase, although revenue has declined year-on-year compared to Q1 of last year, there 
has been a sequential improvement over Q4.  
Margins remain under pressure, primarily due to elevated timber costs and ongoing pricing 
challenges. However, with the launch of our new facility, which offers a cost advantage, we 
anticipate an improvement in margins going forward.  Capacity expansion update. I am also 
pleased to share that commercial production at our new p article board plant in Tamil Nadu 
commenced towards the end of Q1.  
We believe this addition will not only support our growth trajectory but also help improve our 
cost structure over the medium term.  Working capital cycle. The working capital cycle, which 
had increased in the previous quarter due to higher inventory levels has improved this quarter, 
coming down from 76 days to 71 days, primarily driven by better management of raw material 
inventory. 
 To conclude, we remain confident in our long -term strategy, and we are focused on execution 
efficiency and innovation across all segments. We thank you for your continued trust and look 
forward to updating you again next quarter. Now I open the forum for questions and answers. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. T he first 
question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Ikigai  
Rahul Agarwal: Sir quick questions four  of them. Firstly, on plywood, obviously, we are running ahead of our 
guidance. I also see that last year, rest of the 9 months from July to March, we have seen a very 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
strong revenue growth. Going forward, guidance remains the same at 10% sales growth. Does 
that mean we are basically looking at normalization in growth going forward? Because July 
looks like highest ever. So just some sense on plywood top line, please? That's the first question? 
Nikita Bansal: See, in plywood, we've always believed to give a 10% plus. Now 10% plus can vary. Market 
dynamics can change, et cetera. So we would like to contin ue giving that guidance. Obviously, 
we will not have a degrowth, and these are things that investors understand, they see the trend, 
they've seen the trend last year. But if you to give a guidance from the company, we will continue 
to say that we will deliver 10% plus growth this year. 
Rahul Agarwal: Okay. Got it. So essentially, we are looking at normalization, right? Because last year, 9 months, 
the growth was very high. Is that fair to understand? 
Keshav Bhajanka: So again, like we said, the objective will always be to deliver better. Guidance is at 10%, but our 
company will always try to deliver a best in case in terms of value and volume growth. I hope 
that clarifies. 
Rahul Agarwal: Got it, Keshav. Similar question on MDF. I think we've achieved 15% consol EBITDA. It looks 
like things are getting better. I'm assuming this. Can you just comment on what's really 
happening with the supply side of MDF right now? I know exports are much lower -- sorry, 
imports are much lower, but domestic supply and the prici ng trends looks better. So going 
forward, consol margins at 15%, is it fair enough or there is some upside potential here? 
Keshav Bhajanka: Rahul, you're right on both accounts. Imports are much lower and exports are much lower. So 
you are correct there. But having said that, I think that, yes, there is still some oversupply in the 
market. A lot of capacities have come up and 3 multi-daylight lines have started over the course 
of the last year itself.  
But going forward, I think we are reaching a stage wher e capacity utilization has begun to 
improve right across the industry. In the next few quarters, we are seeing this continuing.  The 
reason for 15% achievement and continuing 15% guidance is that right now, our focus is going 
to be on market share gains.  
We are going to definitely try and meet the EBITDA numbers. But at the same time, this is a 
time period with BIS coming in, with the imports being curb where we can expand substantially, 
and we are trying to gain a foothold as the market leader. So I think that for the current 
foreseeable future, let's say, 9 months, next 3 quarters, the guidance holds. 
Rahul Agarwal: Got it. Thirdly, on inventory, I think Sanjay you mentioned, we have obviously reduced raw 
material inventory. But when I look at balance sheet reported as of March, right, it was about 
INR986 crores. I think that's a function of raw material finished goods and WIP. In the 
presentation, we have raw material and finished goods. Just wanted to know, is it possible to 
share the overall inventory total as of June end? Is it possible to share that? 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: Vinay will take it up. Sorry, just give me a second. I think our team will get back to you on that. 
The CFO will get back to you with details on the same. I don't have it in front of me right now. 
Rahul Agarwal: Okay. And lastly, on pricing trends for timber on MDF and plywood, if you just discuss a bit on 
qualitatively what's really happening because we've heard there is some bit of timber deflation. 
If you could just help us understand it better over the balance of the year, that will help. That's 
all from my side. 
Keshav Bhajanka: You're absolutely r ight. In MDF and particle board, the timber prices seem to be rebounding 
slightly. There seems to be a little bit of easing out, but I think it's still wait and watch. Currently, 
in the --  this month itself, prices have jumped up because of monsoons, but t hat's a trend that 
takes place every season. But I do hope that the peak of timber prices are behind us, and we 
should see some slight spike during the course of the current year. 
 As far as plywood is concerned, I think timber prices are pretty much at similar levels. But that 
also does mean that the increase that we have seen over the course of the past couple of years, 
there is no steep jump as of now. Prices are more or less at similar levels. So MDF, particle 
board should benefit from slightly lower ra w material costs. In plywood, it will more or less 
remain in line with what it has been. 
Sanjay Agarwal: Just one, really the plywood timber to grow takes longer time. So the price reduction will happen 
still, I don't think before the next year or the year  -- end of the next year, I think, should be a 
little bit of a help because it takes longer time to mature the team required for plywood. 
Rahul Agarwal: Best wishes for the rest of the year. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Sneha Talreja from Nuvama Wealth. 
Sneha Talreja: Congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir just a couple of questions from my end. Just wanted 
to understand, we're seeing a good amount of improvement with your gross margins in the 
plywood segment, but that's not translated into EBITDA margins where we have seen some 
amount of fall. Is it some increase in ad spend or something that we've seen particularly this 
particular quarter? 
Nikita Bansal: So this quarter, we were in IPL. So that is a massive spend which happened in Q1 because of 
which you are not seeing a translated -- into EBITDA. But going forward, obviously, we will 
continue to spend and we are also investing a lot more in our brand. But we won't have the IPL 
cost for the rest of the year. 
Sneha Talreja: Understood. What would be the percentage of ad spend this particular quarter? 
Nikita Bansal: Sorry, can you repeat your question? 
Sneha Talreja: What would be the percentage of ad spend for only Plywood division this particular quarter? 
Nikita Bansal: So we usually -- Vinay do you have it? 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Management: 4%. 
Nikita Bansal: We keep it 4%, but what was in Q1? 
Management: We'll get back. 
Nikita Bansal: Okay. So we'll get back usually throughout the year, we keep it as a 4%, but we don't know what 
it was. Obviously, it was higher in Q1, but the exact percentage will come. 
Management: 5.7%. 
Nikita Bansal: It was 5.7%. 
Sneha Talreja: That was helpful. Secondly, what I wanted to ask is the scale up in MDF segment has been pretty 
great. We have seen that over the years. My similar question was on the Particle Board segment. 
How are we planning things? Because when I look at your current business at this point of time, 
we are still seeing some drop in terms of volumes, whereas our new capacity has just come up 
there. 
 Margins, of course, on the falling trend, of course, that can be given because the sector itself is 
probably not doing that well in terms of particle board. How are we seeing scenario improving 
because our new capacity has already come onboard. Do we have visibility already starting up 
from OEMs? So I think just a couple of these things would be helpful? 
Keshav Bhajanka: So Sneha, I think you're absolutely correct. But the only point of difference that I have is that 
the new line is a continuous line. So the quality of product that is very, very different as compared 
to the earlier product. Whereas in the market, pricing is similar. So the multi-daylight line was 
competing against continuous lines that have been brought in by 2 large -scale players in the 
industry. 
 And as a result of that, the traction that we had because the quality parameters have changed, 
but I'm very happy to tell you that the quality that we have gotten from the new line, once you 
see the board, it looks more like an MDF and particle board. So we ar e very happy with the 
product quality that has been established. 
 The product has started selling the market, the response from OEMs and the market in general 
has been superb. I think with this quality of product, you shall see a rapid scale up in the volumes. 
Maybe this quarter, we will take a little time to stabilize the new plant because like I said, it's 
just commissioned. But from next quarter onwards in H2, you will see a huge spike as far as 
particle board volumes are concerned. 
Sneha Talreja: This was really helpful, Keshav. And what are we estimating for particle board in the first -- 
second -- sorry, can you hear me? 
Keshav Bhajanka: Yes, I can hear you, but the MD just reminding me of one more point. We have not currently 
been in the 8x4 market in particle board. As you remember, our earlier line was a 9x6 multi -
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
daylight press where we could manufacture 9x 6 and 8x6. So a huge chunk of the market, which 
sells as per 8x4 size, that was not available to us. However, now because we have a 8 feet 
pipeline, we can manufacture 8x4 as well. So this, again, will help us to increase volumes. 
Sneha Talreja: This was again helpful. Just lastly, on the Particle Board segment because this is a new segment. 
Just wanted to get some numbers here. What could be the revenue looking like in first, second, 
third year of operation? And eventually, how does the scale up happens in terms of margins 
because raw material prices have been easing out, but other players, what I'm seeing are still 
doing losses, who have recently commissioned. So just some sense from you would be helpful? 
Keshav Bhajanka: Is this for Particle Board, right? 
Sneha Talreja: Only for Particle Board, yes, yes. 
Nikita Bansal: For Particle Board, you will see our total turnover potential will be in exces s of INR500 crores 
from the existing line. Of course, the objective will be to push it higher. And as you know, that 
we always attempt to reach 100% capacity utilization, 90% plus by the third year. Having said 
that, EBITDA margin that steady state will look at 15%.  
During the ramp-up phase, it's very difficult for me to give you guidance. But I'm assuming that 
from next year, we will be at double -digit EBITDA plus. And going forward, by year 3, we 
should definitely be at 15% plus. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec India. 
Ritesh Shah: Sir, 2 basic questions. Sir, one is I wanted to understand how do we look at commercial MDF? 
Does it -- is it as a part of our product portfolio or is it absolutely a no-go zone for us? That's the 
first question. 
Sumant Wattas: Look, this is Sumant. We offer products to different segments, be it the OEMs, be it trade, 
etcetera. So we can offer the full gambit. There are no red zones or no -go zones. But as a 
company, we want to offer products that ar e of the highest quality. So we'll never compromise 
on quality. Of course, individual specific requirements we cater to. So no red zones, but at the 
Century certified quality. 
Ritesh Shah: Okay. So would it be possible for us to indicate what percentage of volumes would that be? And 
a follow-up over here, you do indicate like Century level of quality, which is great. But if I had 
to just push a little further, would it qualify under the BIS norms? 
Sumant Wattas: So let me answer your first question first. W e won't be able to share any details on our product 
mix percentages that we don't usually share. And second, of course, we strive for BIS and much 
more. BIS is rising. 
Ritesh Shah: Okay. That's helpful. My second question is on the ply side. Are we looking  to -- the way in 
which we position Sainik 710 and 303 in the marketplace, are we looking to reject our strategy 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
specifically post -- I wouldn't say dilution, probably dilution of BIS norms. Has our strategy 
around the product positioning 710 versus 303 changed? 
Sanjay Agarwal: What do you mean by policy change? 
Ritesh Shah: Sir, so are we continuing with Sainik 710 in the marketplace after the new norms from BIS came 
in two weeks back? 
Sanjay Agarwal: Sainik 710 is just a brand. And we will be clearly writing down on this thing whether what BIS 
norm it is, it will be written on every piece of plywood. So even earlier, it was there, even in 
future, it will be there. So there is no policy change. And Sainik 710 is a brand. So the brand is 
changed. 
Ritesh Shah: Correct. Sir, I'll call you offline for this and I'll take it offline. 
Moderator: Thank you. N ext question i s from the line of Sucrit Patil from Eyesight Fintrade . Please go 
ahead. 
Sucrit Patil: And my question is to Mr. Sanjay Agarwal, sir. Are you there? 
Sanjay Agarwal: Yes, I am here. 
Sucrit Patil: My question is, given Century  Ply's strong year -on-year growth and stable margins despite 
inflationary pressures, I want to understand how are you thinking about deploying AI -driven 
demand forecasting or automated stock keeping units rationalization across your dealer network 
by the next 2 years?  
And do you think by doing this, it could unlock working capital efficiencies and improve product 
market fit in the Tier 2, Tier 3 clusters? As Managing Director , what is your vision on this? I 
want to understand that, sir? 
Sanjay Agarwal: See, Century Plyboards has been trying to make plywood as an FMCG good. And we have been 
doing many other things as far as credit control is concerned, distribution is concerned, but the 
plywood market does not accept the DMS. Until unless we can install software, which is known 
as DMS, distribution management system, till then we do not have visibility of what happens 
after the wholesaler or the dealer.  
Of course, we have started other screens through which we are now having some data about the 
retailers and all that. So we get data how much material is being bought by the 4,000 retailers or 
5,000 retailers across the country from our dealers, that data now we have, and we pay s ome 
incentive on that. 
 We are working on a very -- very recently, we have decided to actually implement DMS in a 
very small area and try a new effort, but it is going to be a herculean task. So I cannot put any 
time line. But yes, as far as Century Plywoo d is concerned, we are very strongly pushing AI in 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
every department in our company. And we believe that we will be in line with everybody else 
in every other industry as far as AI is concerned. But I think Nikita wants to say something. 
Nikita Bansal: Yes. So I would just like to add that, as a company, I mean, you've also read in our annual report 
that we've taken a 3-year digitization plan and no digitization plan can be complete without AI 
being there. So we have -- we are taking up AI in a big way. We are also training our people in 
AI because today, AI is something that not many people understand.  
It is not as just going and GenAI has become the most in word now. So we are training our 
people about AI and then encouraging everyone to use.  And as far as dealer segment goes, see 
we have so many lines of business. So in the Laminates business, we are using AI. We are using 
-- we are going to use AI if it is successful there, we will use it in other.  
So if you really look at the next 5-year road map, I thi nk if a company does not adopt AI and 
does not utilize AI to its full extent, it will be at a loss. So -- and Century Ply has always been 
ahead of the curve, so we'll continue to be ahead of the curve. 
Sucrit Patil: That pretty much answers my question. So just on the ending note, would it be -- would I be 
right to assume that in the next 2 to 3 years, you will start -- will start implementing all the things 
which you have just mentioned right now? 
Nikita Bansal: Probably earlier. 
Moderator: Next question i s from the line of Sagnik Sarkar from SKP Securities. Due to no response, we 
move on to the next participant. Next question is from the line of Ashutosh Khetan from Asian 
Market Securities. 
Ashutosh Khetan: I have a question on the plywood segment. So basically, what's the update on the new capex for 
the plywood Hoshiarpur plant sir? 
Nikita Bansal: The update is, we are progressing -- we're going to soon start work and we should have 
something by -- it should go live by next year Q2 this time. 
Ashutosh Khetan: Sorry, it's Q2 of FY '27? 
Nikita Bansal: Yes. 
Ashutosh Khetan: Okay. And next is on the price hikes. Like have you taken any price hikes for this quarter in 
plywood or any other division? 
Nikita Bansal: So in plywood, we did take a price hike at the en d of April. We took a 2% price hike as far as 
MDF and Laminates. And as far as other segments go, we did not take any price hike. And in 
Laminates -- sorry. 
Keshav Bhajanka: Yes, we've also taken a price increase in Laminates of 2.5%, which has been implem ented on 
one particular portfolio within the domestic segment, which is the 1mm portfolio. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Shiv Kumar from Ambit Capital. 
Shiv Kumar: First of all, congratulations on great set of numbers. So sir my first question is on the industry 
front, like wood panel as a whole. So I just want to understand what was the organized -- I mean, 
just want to understand the organized versus unorganized share across all segments as of suppose 
FY '25? And what was the share li ke 2, 3 years before? And the demand versus the capacity 
across all segments that we operate. This is my first part? 
Keshav Bhajanka: So basically, there is no authenticated data alignment, it is all on the basis of estimates. But what 
I can tell you safel y is that the industry has not been growing at a fast clip, which is obvious 
from the results that you will see right across, whereas we have been growing at quite a fast 
pace, whether it be plywood or MDF. 
 So in plywood and MDF, we have definitely increa sed our market share, but there is no 
authenticated source of data. So plywood, the total market size has been -- we have been say 
INR25,000 crores to INR30,000 crores based on various publications for the past so many years. 
 So unfortunately, we cannot give you much closer representation. But in terms of market share, 
you're absolutely right, we would have gained market share over the course of the last 5 to 6 
years. 
Shiv Kumar: Okay. And sir, is there any sign of industry consolidation in any of the segments that we operate? 
Keshav Bhajanka: Yes, definitely. You see if the industry is not growing and some of the organizers are doing well, 
that shows that there is a certain amount of consolidation that is taking place. So I think there is 
some amount of consolidation taking place in plywood. There's some amount of consolidation 
taking place in MDF. This should get accelerated by BIS, but BIS on SME industry will only 
become effective from this month onwards. So let's wait and watch how it plays out. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Yash Sonthaliya from Edelweiss Public Alternates. 
Yash Sonthaliya: So my first question is like you already alluded, we haven't taken any price hike in MDF, while 
there was some correction in prices of timber. So can you help me with what's margin guidance 
if this price is sustained going ahead? And are there any plans or chances of we taking price cuts 
or price hike, volume discounts or taking back the volume discounts? 
Keshav Bhajanka: Again, markets are dynamic. So as and when the market scenario unfolds, we will definitely 
have to look at pricing discounts and so on and so forth. But in terms of guidance, like I've 
already mentioned, 20% revenue growth with 15% EBITDA guidance. This is what we are 
looking at, and we will attempt our best to deliver the same to you. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Nandita from Marcellus Investment Managers. 
Nandita: Congratulations to the Century Plyboards' team for excellent set of numbers. I had a couple of 
questions. First of which is related to the real estate cycle. So we keep seeing data from 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
ANAROCK and other research organizations that come out with the data o n real estate saying 
that sales have actually gone down now that the industry, the whole cycle is sort of turning in 
real estate. The growth that we saw in FY '23, '24 is now coming off.  
So I want to understand how does the plywood market work out? When will most of the orders 
for plywood be coming in even where we are in the cycle how does that play out? And secondly, 
my question is on your Laminates division. What is the game plan going forward? Because I 
think this is one of those first quarters where both volume and realization growth was pretty 
solid after multiple quarters of degrowth. So I wanted to understand where do you see the 
division going forward in the next 1 to 2 years? 
Nikita Bansal: So with respect to the first question, see the thing is -- sorry, on the real estate cycle, for a very 
long time in plywood division we used to guide ourselves basis the real estate cycle. But what's 
here realizing slowly and it's about -- even though we don't have authenticated Market Share 
data, the fact remains that because organized is such a small part of the entire industry, we need 
to stop looking at cycles. 
And we need to start concentrating more towards capturing the unorganized to organized. And 
if that is going to be the focus, the growth is going to be there irrespective of the real estate cycle. 
So that has been our goal. I don't -- there might be years we succeed, the years we don't succeed, 
but I would like to not follow these real estate cycles because there is a substantial base that is 
going to remain even if there is a degrowth or a growth in the industry. 
Nandita: Fair enough. I just had one follow-up on this. So I completely understand where you're coming 
from. The follow -up that I have over here is then from a Particle Board and MDF division 
perspective, especially going forward from this real estate cycle because we see that commercial 
real estate is actually going really strong. 
 And because MDF and Particle Board is basically -- it doesn't have this entire dynamic of a very 
large unorganized market. It's mostly organized or imported and imports have really stopped 
now because of the BIS norms. Where do you -- do you have any clarity on how your demand 
and how your volumes will go, especially in the context of the commercial real estate cycle i n 
the next 1 to 2 years? 
Sumant Wattas: I think on the MDF and Particle Board, the industry is still very nascent, right? Like if you look 
at the entire industry, MDF is barely penetrated 20%, 25% of the industry. So I think at this early 
stage of the cate gory and the industry, we are actually immune to real estate cycles. And 
therefore, we see robust demand going forward. I think right now for us, the game is to create 
the category. 
Nandita: Okay. Yes. And my second question with the Laminates division, question is -- yes, so my 
question was basically, given that the last quarter, the Q1 FY '26, we saw really good volume 
and realization growth in the Laminates section after a very long time. I wanted to understand 
what's the game plan, what's the strategy s urrounding volumes? And what is your guidance or 
realization in volumes going forward in the next 1 to 2 years? 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: So like I said, our target is to do 20% plus in terms of revenue growth. And this together with 
high single digit or mid - to high single-digit EBITDA for the current year, that is what we are 
targeting. However, I think we have just started on the journey towards correction. 
 There were, of course, mistakes that have been made, but with new leadership in place and with 
a lot of good initiatives that we have put into execution, I think both on domestic and export 
front, we have been doing better. So hopefully, this will persist. So I think this year, 20% revenue 
plus mid- to high single-digit EBITDA should be realistic for Laminates. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Ikigai Asset Managers. 
Rahul Agarwal: I think you talked about new product development and launches for Particle Board, something 
like the sizes which were not present earlier now you have. Similarly, could you share some 
color on laminates and MDF in terms of overall Century Plywood, the entire company and the 
thought process over the next 12 months in terms of filling white spaces across whatever product 
segments we are talking about. Now we also have a lot of many plants which are running. If you 
could help us on Laminates/MDF would really be helpful? 
Keshav Bhajanka: Sure. So as far as MDF is concerned, over the course of the past year, we have launched Cenboil 
Plus, which is our highest density, highest waterproof MDF product till date. In Particle Board, 
like you rightly mentioned, we have already launched our new product, which has been very 
well accepted in the market, which is a superior version of the earlier erstwhile Particle Boar d 
that we are manufacturing.  
Alongside that, we have launched a whole new range as far as Particle Board and MDF are 
concerned in terms of pre -lam and our [inaudible 0:38:40]  and shade cards. This will be on 
display within the next few exhibitions, which starts off with MATECIA, which takes place this 
month in Delhi, itself. 
 In PVC boards, we have launched a new category called louver, which is gaining good traction 
from the market. And again, it is another product launch that will be displayed at the upcoming 
events. In Laminates, we have launched a laminates acrylic laminates this is a product category 
that in India has been selling well for quite some time, but nobody has been able to give a 
guarantee or a warranty because the product quality is normally considered to be quite inferior.  
We have finally been able to develop a superior quality product, and we'll be launching it in the 
current month. So there are so many yes or so many new opportunities that keep arising. And as 
of now, these are three of the launches that we are focusing on. Going forward, we will update 
you as and when new product categories start coming up. 
Rahul Agarwal: Anything on the ply side as well? 
Keshav Bhajanka: There is a lot of work that is going on, on the plywood side, but I think it is too early to share 
details on the same. We can update as and when further progress is made. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Rahul Agarwal: Fair point. Anything on the furniture fittings, things have moved forward from there on? 
Keshav Bhajanka: Sorry, could you just repeat? Your voice cracked. 
Rahul Agarwal: For the furniture fittings, have things moved forward on that? 
Keshav Bhajanka: Yes, we have definitely moved forward. We have already created a senior team, and we are at a 
very advanced stage of understanding the segment. However, with Century, we are very prudent 
when it comes to new product categories and to cash injection in part icular. So we will be 
studying the segment.  
I think maybe over the course of the next 6 to 9 months, we'll be able to take a call of whether 
we are committed to going into the segment or not. But it is not something that we'll be able to 
tell you in a month or so. 
Rahul Agarwal: Perfect. Got it. And lastly, bookkeeping on the debt side. I think consolidated debt was about 
INR1,400 crores as of March. How does this number look like end of March '26, '27 based on 
the cash flow planning? 
Keshav Bhajanka: I think we should be looking more towards the long-term debt because the short-term debt will 
be a part of it, considering the scale at which the company is growing as the turnover increases, 
working capital requirements do tend to increase. But having said that, long -term debt within 
the course of the next 2 years, I think we'll be able to repay the majority of the long -term debt. 
And unless until we come up with another large  capex or something of that sort, we will be 
coming close to 0 long-term debt on the books. 
Rahul Agarwal: Which is INR400 crores repayment, right? Approximately INR400 crores is a fair number? 
Keshav Bhajanka: Yes, more than INR400 crores repayment. So we will be looking to bring long-term debt as close 
to 0 as possible. But yes, cash flo w generation has been strong over the course of the next few 
quarters. Most of the cash flow is going to be towards debt repayment. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Varun Singh from AAA PMS. 
Varun Singh: Sir, would you like to call out timber pricing for us in North and South and maybe how much it 
would have declined in the quarter? 
Sumant Wattas: Yes. So timber prices did decline marginally. For Q1, our North pricing was close to about 
INR6.3 per kg and South is about 10% lower. And over the quarter, they would have declined 
by about 8% to 10% Q1 over Q4. And as ED mentioned a while back, this quarter, there might 
be a slight increase on account of monsoons. But on the long term, we hope that the timber prices 
stabilize. 
Varun Singh: Okay. Understood. And secondly, I'm not sure if you have already answered this question, so 
please pardon I joined call a little bit late. So in MDF, when you talk about competitive intensity, 
etcetera or that the industry is consolidating. So can we safel y assume that now maybe there is 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
no more price war kind of a situation and we are able to -- or everyone is able to comfortably 
sell their products at some equilibrium rate? I mean, how should we judge the competition as of 
now? 
Keshav Bhajanka: I think what we can safely assume is that the 2 plants that we have put in place, which are located 
at strategic locations within India and considering that we are a brand which has tremendous 
brand pull with high premiums in terms of pricing, alongside which we have perhaps the lowest 
cost of production in the country. 
 On the margin front, we should be able to do okay despite whatever happens in the market. 
While there is no trend for price war, there's also no trend for a price increase. So we'll have to 
see how the market plays out. But I think in terms of EBITDA margin, we will be doing better 
than the industry so to speak -- so to say. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Udit Gajiwala from Yes Securities. 
Udit Gajiwala: Congratulations on a great set of numbers. With the major questions answered, sir, just one thing. 
In your plywood, what was the imported timber quotient for this quarter? 
Nikita Bansal: So we have pretty much moved to imported timber now. I would say that it is to the -- we don't 
share such details, but I would say majority is imported timber. 
Udit Gajiwala: Okay. And what would be the kind of difference between the domestic and the imports now? 
And going ahead, if the domestic prices are expected to come down, could you shift back? I 
mean what's the thought process there? 
Nikita Bansal: So currently, we are looking at it as that quality is the most important thing for us at Century, 
and we believe that the quality of the imported timber is far superior to the domestic quality 
currently available in the country. So I think in the foreseeable future, we will continue to import. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Bhavin Rupani from Investec India. 
Bhavin Rupani: Sir, my first question is related to plywood. So what is our current ca pacity? And what is the 
utilization in that capacity? And also, if you can spell out what is the proportion of in-house 
versus outsourcing right now versus what it was last year? 
Nikita Bansal: Okay. So our current capacity is 366,000 CBM, and we have a ut ilization of 91%, and we are 
going to be increasing our capacity in H2 by another 30,000 CBM. 
Bhavin Rupani: All right. And what is the proportion of in-house versus outsourcing? 
Keshav Bhajanka: We do not share that number. Unfortunately, we don't share these numbers. 
Bhavin Rupani: All right. And as far as MDF is concerned, if I'm not wrong, we have some export obligations 
over there, right? So when do we start exports from this new plant? And what is the export 
obligation in absolute term, if you can spell out that? 
===== PAGE 16 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Keshav Bhajanka: Can you repeat your voice -- again -- sorry... 
Bhavin Rupani: Is it clear now? 
Keshav Bhajanka: Yes. 
Bhavin Rupani: So for MDF plant, we have some export obligations, right? So what -- when do we start with the 
exports from this new plant? And what is the export obligation in absolute terms? 
Keshav Bhajanka: So we have already started with regards to exports. The value of the export obligation, I don't 
have with me on --  off hand, but our CFO can share the same with you. But  currently, the 
potential to export from this plant is very limited because timber prices are still elevated. They 
are not as high as INR7, which had gone. But the viability in exports isn't substantial.  
So we are working on it. And once viability comes back, then I think the export quantum will 
move up. We have started exports, but the very limited quantity, predominantly to Middle East. 
Bhavin Rupani: Okay. And what would be the proportion right now? 
Keshav Bhajanka: Very negligible. I think less than 5%. 
Bhavin Rupani: Okay. And anything on Particle Boards? Do we have similar obligations in particle board plant 
as well? 
Keshav Bhajanka: No, we would have some small obligations. I don't have the numbers off hand, but we can share 
the same. 
Nikita Bansal: And the question of outsource, I will just like to mention one more thing in plywood that all our 
main brands are completely manufactured in our plants. It's a very small percentage of Sainik 
MR that we outsource. But all our main brands, which is Sainik 7 10, all brands of Century Ply 
are manufactured in-house. 
Bhavin Rupani: All right. And sir, next question is on Laminates. It was encouraging to see our revenue and 
EBITDA growth in this segment. I wanted to understand, was it due to increase in exports or  
due to domestic market? 
Keshav Bhajanka: I think we have done well on both fronts. There has been growth in domestic as well as in 
exports. And the execution on the ground, the execution result, which perhaps wasn't as great 
for the past few quarters, now  that has started to kick in. So I'm hopeful that we'll see results 
improving quarter-on-quarter. 
Bhavin Rupani: All right. And sir, last question on Particle Board and MDF, given the competitive intensity and 
the oversupply in this category we are seeing right now, do we have plans to launch anything 
similar to Sainik plywood in these categories? 
Keshav Bhajanka: No, we have no such plans. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
  Century Plyboards India Limited 
  August 08, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Bhavin Rupani: Perfect. All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Sanjay Agarwal for closing comments. 
Sanjay Agarwal: Thank you, everyone for their support. We look forward to meet you again for briefing on the 
Q2. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of SKP Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 