
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
SHEELA FOAM LTD. 
#14, Sleepwell Tower , Sector 135, Noida- 201301 
Ph: Int-91-120-4868400 •Email: contactus@sheelafoam.com 
Regd. Office: 1002 to 1006 The Avenue International Airport Road, Opp Hotel Leela Sahar,  
Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 400059 • Ph: Int-91-22-28265686/88/89 
Toll Free: 1800 103 6664 • www.sleepwellproducts.com • www.sheelafoam.com CIN- 
L74899MH1971PLC427835 
 
August 08, 2025 
To,  
The BSE Limited       The National Stock Exchange India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                                   Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001                               Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
Scrip code: 540203                                                   NSE Symbol: SFL 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors’ Conference Call for Quarter ended June 30 , 202 5 
Financial Results. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Please find below the transcript of Investors’ conference call organized on August 06, 
2025 post declaration of financial results for the quarter ended on June 30, 2025 for your 
information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Sheela Foam Limited 
 
 
 
(Md. Iquebal Ahmad) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 22  
 
 
“Sheela Foam Limited Q1 FY 2026 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL GAUTAM – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN, 
SHEELA FOAM LIMITED 
MR. TUSHAAR GAUTAM – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
SHEELA FOAM LIMITED 
MR. RAKESH CHAHAR – DEPUTY MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, SHEELA FOAM LIMITED 
MR. AMIT KUMAR GUPTA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, SHEELA FOAM LIMITED 
MODERATOR: MS. DEEPALI KUMARI – ARIHANT CAPITAL MARKETS 
LIMITED 

===== PAGE 3 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Sheela Foam Limited Q1 FY ‘26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Arihant Capital Markets Limited. 
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen -only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch - 
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Deepali Kumari. Thank you and over to you, ma’am. 
 
Deepali Kumari: Thank you. Hello, and good afternoon to everyone. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited, I thank you all for joining the Q1 FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call of Sheela Foam 
Limited. 
 
Today, from the management, we have Executive Chairman – Mr. Rahul Gautam, Managing 
Director – Mr. Tushaar Gautam, Deputy Managing Director – Mr. Rakesh Chahar, Group CFO 
– Mr. Amit Kumar Gupta. 
 
So, without any further delay, I would like to hand over the call to Rahul sir for their opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Rahul Gautam: Thank you, Deepali. And thank you, Arihant, for hosting this call. Good afternoon, ladies and 
gentlemen. As is our practice, we begin with our vision statement, so I am going to start with 
the recitation of that. 
 
Our Vision: 
 
We will continue to be recognized as a leading organization in quality comfort products while 
practicing values of integrity, reliability, proactivity, and transparency, to do business with a 
smile, for customer delight, and a commitment to society. Thank you very much. 
 
At the outset, let me thank you all for attending this conference call to discuss our Operational 
and Financial Results for Q1 FY ‘26. I do hope you have gone through our Results and the 
earnings presentations, which have been uploaded by the Exchanges. 
 
Q1 FY ‘26 saw a robust growth across all the relevant parameters. 
 
Let me begin by the operations: 
 
Our mattress volumes in Q1 FY ‘26 grew by 10% year -on-year. While Sleepwell registered a 
growth of 22%, Kurlon registered a growth of 6%. This should have been more. It is an 
accounting issue based on the integration process that we have been going through. This growth 
was possible due to steps initiated for integration of Kurlon. Both Kurlon and Sleepwell 
supported each other in their respective strongholds. There was renewed focus on all the 
segments and support given by our channel partners. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 3 of 22 
 
 
Let me give you some updates on our business and the initiatives taken, which will pave 
the way for deeper penetration across Indian markets, resulting in a sustained growth: 
 
1. The B2C business – Kurlon has a strong brand recall among the consumers. And the 
strategy is to harness this by deeper penetration into northern and western markets, 
apart from increasing presence in its existing strong areas, which are both south and 
east. To further capitalize on the brand strength of Kurlon and Sleepwell, we intend to 
open about 1,000 new showrooms in the current fiscal year. And let me share with you 
that in Q1 FY ‘26, we have already signed up for 392 new showrooms, out of which 
234 are already operationalized. Majority of these showrooms were Kurlon in north 
and west part of India. With this, today, we have a strong network of almost 6,000 
exclusive brand outlets and more than 20,000 touchpoints. 
2. Distributors and dealers are our preferred partners in distribution. Distributors and 
dealers help in developing strong bonding and enable us to create feedback on 
customer preferences and expectations. This helps our research/production and 
marketing teams to customize and develop and position products as per customer 
preferences. We will continue to focus on customer delight as a part of this continuous 
engagement. In Q1 FY ‘26, we organized a distributors’ meet in Delhi and facilitated 
33 dealer meets at 11 different locations across India. The interactions enabled channel 
partners to gain clarity on various benefits and the incentives they would derive out of 
the various schemes. This helps in further strengthening our channel relationships. 
 
Coming to new products: 
 
To address the rising consumer demand in the sub -Rs. 10,000 category, whose market is 
estimated at around Rs. 12,500 crores, we have launched new mattress models for both Sleepwell 
and Kurlon. Our new products have been well received by the consumers and are in the process 
of being established. 
 
Tarang and Aaram mattresses: 
 
For our small-town initiatives, both Sleepwell Tarang and Kurlon Aaram are being aggressively 
marketed and now have presence across 7,000 plus dealers in 4,500 towns. This segment is 
showing positive results as demonstrated by a volume growth of around 60% year -on-year, 
thereby achieving an annual run rate of Rs. 80 crores per annum. We are confident of achieving 
revenues of Rs. 100 crores plus from this value-driven initiative in the current fiscal year. 
 
E-commerce business: 
 
E-commerce continues to be another strong growth-oriented value driver segment. It registered 
a value growth of 66% year -on-year on marketplaces and on our own websites. This segment 
generated a revenue of Rs. 200 crores in FY ‘25 and we  expect 50% value growth through this 
channel in FY ‘26. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 4 of 22 
 
 
We also have some operations in Dubai and I want to take that up. With a lot of Indian diaspora 
in Dubai, both Sleepwell and Kurlon brand enjoy strong salience in the region, which has 
encouraged us to establish a strong presence in the Middle East in a cost-effective manner. What 
we started as a small franchise outlet is now growing faster. We sell our brand mattresses through 
online and franchise networks, enabling us to have a strong foothold. Today,  we have six 
exclusive brand outlets and seven multi-brand outlets. 
 
B2B business: 
 
This includes the three categories under which we sell foam, furniture cushioning, technical 
applications, and comfort foam. In Q1 FY ‘26, we have seen high single -digit growth in terms 
of volume in these segments. Value growth conversions were little subdued, primarily because 
of reduction in raw material prices. Deeper penetration continues in comfort foam with onboard 
of new dealers and distributors in unrepresented areas. Due to continuous focus on developing 
newer products, the company’s dominant position continues in technical foam applications and 
industries like automotives, footwear, aviation, etc. 
 
Supply chain efficiencies: 
 
Because of various cost optimization initiatives like network redesign, truck upsizing, better fill 
rates, and geographical realignment of units and distribution points, we are able to improve our 
logistic costs despite inflationary pressures on account of increase in tolls, insurance premiums, 
fuel, CNG costs, etc. Post-Kurlon, on acquisition, we could reduce logistics costs by more than 
a% of sales due to these and other initiatives. 
 
Let me now go to the Kurlon integration process: 
 
We had undertaken a huge exercise post -Kurlon acquisition to integrate the company with our 
existing operations. While it has taken around 18 months, the results have been very satisfying: 
 
1. Optimized the channel network, which is now a combination of both exclusive brand 
outlets and multi-brand outlets, retaining the strengths of each channel type wherever 
they were existing. This further enhanced the network of each brand across territories 
of the other, relying on existing relationships. Example, expansion of Kurlon in the 
North and West, relying on our existing EBO relationships that Sleepwell enjoyed. 
2. Optimizing the operating facilities of both the companies, resulting in reduction of 
total number of facilities from 21 to 12. 
3. Efficiencies in purchase of input materials. The combined volumes helped us to 
become a more dominant purchaser, leading to lower purchase prices. Also, with 
enhanced volumes, it became imperative to experiment and innovate with new ideas 
of cost reduction, which have led to huge cost benefits. 
4. Improvement in logistics costs, as mentioned above. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 5 of 22 
 
 
5. Improvement in overhead costs, as the entire business of the company is managed by 
one harmonized team instead of two separate ones. The benefits of  the same are now 
reflected in our results, both at gross margin levels and at the EBITDA margin levels. 
 
Now I turn to Furlenco, that is a company that we  have invested in and is doing well. Furlenco 
has shown tremendous growth. More than 40,000 new customers got onboarded, resulting in a 
60% increase in subscriber base. Furlenco now operates in 29 cities across India. Another key 
milestone is that Furlenco registered Rs. 4 crores as PAT achieved in Q1 of this year, which is 
more than the full -year profitability achieved in FY ‘25. This is mainly due to the operating 
leverage the company is enjoying with greater volumes. The company is on its growth trajectory. 
To further capitalize on consumer demand, Furlenco will raise around Rs. 100 crores to Rs. 125 
crores of equity, which would fuel the expansion and would lead the road to levels of Rs. 500 
crores to Rs. 550 crores of revenue by FY ‘27. 
 
To conclude: 
 
I would also like to highlight the noble work of ESG that we have been doing. Out of the 17 
Sustainable Development Goals which the United Nations has declared, we have adopted four 
goals as part of our next five-year strategy. These goals are; number one, good health and well- 
being; number two, gender equality; number three, affordable and clean energy; and four, 
responsible production and consumption. 
 
For us, protecting the environment, uplifting the social status of the community around us, and 
streamlining our corporate practices will continue to be focus areas in the future. I am sure a 
strong operational and financial performance combined with our commitment to adopt and 
implement a robust ESG framework will go a long time in creating immense value to all the 
shareholders. All the above have now set the stage for a next level of growth of Sheela Foam, 
which has already started showing results in the Q1 FY ‘26 that we have just presented. 
 
Now, Mr. Amit Gupta – our Group CFO, will take us through the results which have been posted. 
Thank you. Over to Amit. 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir, for updating on our business and the way forward. First of all, 
the financials. 
 
Coming to Q1 FY ‘26 Results, the key highlights are as follows: 
 
India business constituting of Sleepwell, Kurlon and Staqo reported revenues of Rs. 644 crores 
against Rs. 612 crores in the corresponding quarter last year, which is a growth of 5% Y -o-Y. 
Core EBITDA stood at Rs. 75 crores against Rs. 51 crores in Q1 FY ‘25, thereby registering a 
growth of 47%. 
 
Core EBITDA margins also stood at 11.7% against 8.4% for the corresponding quarter last year. 
The growth is on the back of 10% volume growth and both of our premium brands continue to 
===== PAGE 7 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 6 of 22 
 
 
deepen their footprint among consumers. Here, core EBITDA does not include the forex loss of 
10 crores on the hedge we had taken, which adversely affected our performance this year. 
 
On a consolidated basis, for the 1st Quarter, we reported revenues of Rs. 821 crores against Rs. 
810 crores for the corresponding quarter last year, a growth of 1% Y-o-Y. Core EBITDA for the 
quarter stood at Rs. 85 crores against Rs. 60 crores for the corresponding quarter, a growth of 
43%. EBITDA margins were reported at 10.4% against 7.4%. Net profit stood at Rs. 7 crores. 
This difference is primarily on account of claims of Rs. 31 crores which were received in Q1 FY 
‘25 last year. 
 
The various cost initiatives taken by us for integrating Kurlon into our business and increasing 
efficiencies of both Sleepwell and Kurlon combined a yielding positive results, which are 
reflected in our gross margins, which now stand at 43.5%, which is almost a 400 to 400 basis 
point above the pre-acquisition level. 
 
Kurlon integration, which started 18 months ago, has finally culminated in higher core EBITDA 
and EBITDA margins. To substantiate, in FY ‘23, Kurlon standalone EBITDA margin was at 
6.7%, whereas Sheela Foam’s standalone was at 9.2%. The combined business costs now are 
improved to 11.1% for these two entities. This was possible because of the various initiatives 
we had taken, as already enumerated by Rahul ji. This has resulted into a savings of Rs.190 
crores and improvement of core EBITDA margins. We are hopeful that the balanced savings of 
Rs.60 crores  would also be realized by the end of FY ‘26. The further improvement in 
profitability will primarily come from the growth of top lines and we are pretty hopeful on this 
with the festive season coming in. 
 
Raw material prices dropped from Rs.196 per kg for TDI between Q4 and Q1, and polyol prices 
from Rs.117 to Rs.110 per kg for the similar period. This has resulted into lower top line growth 
of our foam segment as these prices are directly passed on to them. If we compare them on an 
equal input raw material price, we would see that even the top line for these categories have 
increased by approximately 8% to 9%. 
 
To conclude, we would continue to focus on cost optimization for  further improving our profit 
margins. With this, I will request the moderator to open the floor for question-and-answers. 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. We take the first 
question from the line of Rachna from SIMPL. Please proceed. 
 
Rachna: I wanted to know about our mattress realization, because they have declined on a Y-o-Y and Q- 
on-Q basis despite us taking price hikes of around 3% to 5% around the early 4th Quarter ‘25 
across both brands. So what led to this decline in mattress realizations? 
 
Rahul Gautam: Thank you. Thank you, Rachna. Amit, would you take that question? 
===== PAGE 8 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 7 of 22 
 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: Sure. So, if you see, we are growing faster on the online segment and the small -town initiative 
segment, the price levels of which are lower than the price levels of the mainline segment on our 
stores what we sell. I can tell you that we have not reduced prices of any of our categories, it is 
only the average selling price which is coming out is lower is because of these two reasons. 
 
Rachna: Okay. And I wanted to know more about the Tarang and Aaram brand, how they have 
contributed to the mattress revenue overall in Q1 FY ’26? And from a long -term perspective, 
where do you see the share of these Tarang and Aaram brands settling at? 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: So, in 1st Quarter, we have achieved a run rate of Rs.80 crores per annum. So, around Rs.17 
crores to Rs.18 crores is what we sold for in the 1st Quarter for Tarang and Aaram . Going 
forward, this year we have a target that we should close this year at Rs.100 crores, the run rate of 
course by the end of the year will be higher. If you ask me what is the potential of this with the 
quantum of network and  the rural areas in India, which is around 65% of the market being 
contributed by traditional mattresses, I can say that the potential is infinite. We will continue to 
penetrate into these areas and grow on a year-on-year basis. 
 
Rachna: Okay. And following up to that, if the market is large for Tarang and Aaram brands, do you 
think this might dent profitability in the long-term? 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: On Tarang and Aaram? 
 
Rachna: No, overall. 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: Yes, I am coming to that. So, I can tell you that this will not impact profitability. Tarang and 
Aaram currently enjoys the same or better level of EBITDA margins than our other products on 
an average combined. Yes, it will be lower than the mainline segment, but if you consider it as 
overall for Sheela Foam, it is well into the profitability range. So, we do not foresee any reduction 
in profitability. In addition, Tarang and Aaram are made at our Jabalpur facility which has a 
variable pressure foaming machine, which makes foam at 10% to 15% lower cost. So, this is 
sufficiently compensating for any depletion in profit because we sell in a low-price market. 
 
Rachna: I have one more question -- 
 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Rachna. Your voice is breaking, ma’am, actually. 
 
Rachna: Thank you so much. Sorry for the inconvenience. My second question was, our long -term 
ambition was to capitalize on the Indian market due to the industry tailwinds and thus capitalize 
on this opportunity. Now, given that, I wanted to know more on the export side, as we are 
expanding in Dubai, are there any plans to scale down operations in Australia and Spain and 
shift focus towards B2C business in exports as well? 
 
Rahul Gautam: Rakesh, please. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 8 of 22 
 
 
Rakesh Chahar: So, as far as Dubai and the GCC countries, we have made a beginning. The initial response is 
very encouraging. And we are piloting a few formats of retail. Once we get our learning from 
there, then there is a plan to scale up in the entire GCC. So, maybe a couple of months down the 
line, we should have a better visibility of the potential that we will be able to realize in these 
countries. 
 
Rachna: And with respect to Australia and Spain, if you could highlight, are there any plans to scale down 
operations? 
 
Rahul Gautam: So, listen, our focus for the last couple of years has been on the B2C business and the India 
business. And the potential also lies here. So, there is no plans to scale down the businesses 
there, but just as a natural outcome of our focus, the percentage contribution of Spain and 
Australia to our overall kitty is a reducing number. Australia is a mature market, we all know 
that. The growths are limited, however profitable, but limited. Spain continues to grow, but the 
growth rates will always be similar or at best a little lower than that of India. And India being a 
large base and a large size, it will continue to grow much faster. So, there is no intention, but at 
the same time, it will automatically emerge like that. 
 
Rachna: One last question. In our annual report, we have talked about the rural focus model. If you could 
please explain how is the distribution  rooted within this model or what are the levels of 
distribution? And how this model differs from dealer-led distribution in a common market? 
 
Rahul Gautam: Rachna, we again had a period of voice which is not coming through clearly, so you will have 
to repeat that question. 
 
Rachna: Yes. In our annual report, we had talked about the rural focus model. If you could explain  how 
the distribution is rooted within this model or what are the levels or hierarchy in this distribution? 
And how this model differs from dealer -led distribution in urban markets? And can this model 
generate some incremental margins? Also, is this a part of a small-town initiative within which 
Tarang and Aaram mattress products are more focused or some of our legacy S KUss are also 
distributed through this model? 
 
Tushaar Gautam: So, for the rural distribution, we are trying to develop a new distribution with the distributor. 
And the aim there is for deeper penetration and also to cater to the smaller outlets, which is 
furniture, furnishing and loom outlets. So, this same model we will also be using for the urban 
where there are small, small outlets which sell furniture. Along with furniture, they sell mattress. 
So, this distribution is independent of the mainline distribution which is used for Sleepwell and 
Kurlon network. 
 
Rachna: Okay. So, this is more like a direct distribution if I understand it correctly? 
 
Tushaar Gautam: So, it is through the distributor, but independent distributor which is away from the mainline 
distributor. So, this is another line of distribution that we are creating to avoid any kind of 
cannibalization. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 9 of 22 
 
 
Rachna: Okay. Understood. Thank you and sorry for the inconvenience. 
 
Rahul Gautam: No, thank you. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please proceed. 
 
Ritesh Shah: Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. I have five questions. I will try my luck. Sir, first is, sir, 
competition is raising money, multiple players. How are we looking to prioritize or balance 
growth versus profitability? Specifically, you did indicate about the e -com revenues and the 
target growth for next year as well, if you could please help us understand this better. That is the 
first question. 
 
Rahul Gautam: If I get your question right, you are saying that how do you balance growth and profitability? 
 
Ritesh Shah: Yes, sir. 
 
Rahul Gautam: I mean, that is what we all do, which is profitable growth. That is what we try to do. Competition 
is raising money, you said, and I presume that you are talking because the competition is doing 
a lot of activities, etc., and we must compliment them, whatever they are doing is to grow the 
market. My belief is that at the moment there is enough market which is available and we can, 
in spite of whatever activities that are happening, I think that is doing well for this segment for 
us to continue with spreading our distribution with our retail showrooms and the growth will 
happen with profitability. At the moment, we do not need to do anything bizarre out of it. I mean, 
just standard business practices will get you that. 
 
Ritesh Shah: Okay. Sir, let me put it the other way. E -com, sir, you indicated we did around Rs. 200 crores 
last year and you indicated a 50% growth. Sir, can this number be higher? Or is it like given the 
margin profile probably is lower that is where we are comfortable, say, at 50%? 
 
Rahul Gautam: No, I do not think that we are satisfied. But whether we are comfortable or not, I presume we 
are. A growth rate of anything upwards of 50% also requires many other things to be fulfilled. 
There is the logistic side, there is the sizes part of it, there is satisfaction of the systems that both 
the marketplaces are wanting to do and everything to sort of stick before we can sort of say that 
a sale has been consummated or closed. Therefore, I think if we try and go beyond 50% or 60%, 
it will not be a sustainable growth. It will go through the hiccups. It will go through the little ups 
and downs, because one thing or the other would start becoming a constraint. You need 25,000 
things for a sale to happen. 
 
So, I think that this kind, we are able to sustain this and we keep growing. It is also in quick 
time, in about two to three years’ time that you would have a large number that would be there. 
And you are growing higher than the market size than the market is growing. I mean, the markets 
would be growing at 25% or so. And if you are growing at 50%, I  would say, are we satisfied? 
No. But comfortable, yes. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 10 of 22 
 
 
Ritesh Shah: Sir, that is helpful. Sir, my second question is probably for Rakesh ji. Sir, we have indicated, we 
look to open around 1,000 new showrooms. I could not comprehend the answer which you gave 
to the prior question. So, why is this number so high of 1,000? And if one had to look at in 
context of the existing network that we have, which is very, very wide, if one had to look at the 
effectiveness of the current network versus what we intend to do with 1,000 new showrooms, 
how do you put these two pieces together? 
 
Rakesh Chahar: So, Ritesh, this number has come out from a study of the micro -markets and the gaps they are 
in. The number is looking higher because from this year onwards we have taken Kurlon 
expansion as a main driver to grow sales of Kurlon in both North and West where it is relatively 
weak. So, in the previous year, it was only Sleepwell and there was an organic expansion that 
used to happen. Once or twice it used to be higher, but this is being driven more from a Kurlon 
side. 
 
And even for Sleepwell, I mean, as the markets also keep evolving, we have done this whole 
exercise once again. And there is also a lot of opportunity because of the two brands coming 
together where the Sleepwell outlet is ready to open a Kurlon outlet. That is one phenomenon 
that we are seeing. Second is the Kurlon MBO is willing to now become an exclusive outlet, 
because this is the first year of this drive and therefore this number is looking high to you. I 
mean, on a normal basis, my assumption is that it will be more, say, about 400 outlets or so. But 
this year there is going to be a jump in it. 
 
Ritesh Shah: So, is this a net number that we should look at? Because you said MBO to EBOs, so is this a net 
number that we are looking at or the net number will be lower? 
 
Rakesh Chahar: Net number will be lower because many MBOs will get converted to the showrooms, and which 
has a high throughput in an MBO. 
 
Ritesh Shah: Fair. Sir, last I will just squeeze one question. You did indicate that we are launching Rs. 10,000 
price mattress for both Sleepwell as well as Kurlon. Now, is this a cross channel that we intend 
to do, e -com as well as the traditional network? And basically, how would we assure that, 
basically when it comes to the shelf placement, we have found Aaram and Tarang even in Tier 1 
cities, so how should we comprehend that the product or the SKU placement is like it does not 
kill the different market segments? 
 
Rakesh Chahar: So, how we are treating this is that, as far as EBO is concerned, for products less than Rs. 10,000, 
in the urban market we just focus on the placement and then we do not promote it at the EBO, 
because there the play is to upsell to increase the ASP. But there are customers who do enter the 
outlet, and instead of going out because they do not have a product of their pocket size, so the 
EBO can offer it. The main purpose is to drive sales through the MBOs for these sub-Rs. 10,000 
products. That is the intent and that is the reason we have introduced this. 
 
As far as Tarang Aaram is concerned, I mean, the major focus there is again on smaller MBOs, 
which are basically furniture outlets. I mean, you would have also noticed in micro-markets, 
===== PAGE 12 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 11 of 22 
 
 
there are very small, small furniture outlets. So, that is our focus. EBO will also get Tarang and 
Aaram but that is again for, let us say, you need an extra bed for the house or you need for your 
domestic health. The purpose of that is that. So, that is why we are promoting more threefold in 
an EBO network so that there is minimum cannibalization. 
 
Ritesh Shah: Thank you, sir. I will join back in the queue. Thank you. 
 
Rakesh Chahar: Thank you, Ritesh. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrey Gandhi from Abchlor Investment Private 
Limited. Please proceed. 
 
Shrey Gandhi: Hello. So, my question was regarding the Kurlon integration, it is positioned like a major synergy 
benefits, right? So, we have almost received Rs. 120 crores on the realization, and Rs. 130 crores 
are expected. So, can you just give a breakdown like of the synergy timelines? And as well as, 
out of that Rs. 130 crores what will be the breakdown through the EBITDA level like in H1 and 
H2 for FY ‘26? 
 
Rahul Gautam: So, I think there is some noise coming as background noise. Could you just turn that down? 
 
Shrey Gandhi: Yes, now it is clear. Yes. So, the 130 crores which we are going to receive with the Kurlon 
integration, can you give the breakdown of the EBITDA level, how much will be contributed to 
EBITDA level in H2 FY ‘26? 
 
Rahul Gautam: Yes. Amit, please. 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: Yes. So, see, we have to see the savings and whatever is going down the line to EBITDA in two 
parts. First part is, are we getting this money from our existing system? So, it is not Rs. 130 
crores currently. By the end of the 1st Quarter, we have achieved Rs. 190 crores run rate of  the 
savings, right from the date Kurlon was acquired till this date, till the end of the last quarter. 
Some part of it is captured in gross margin and some part of it is captured in fixed cost like 
reduction of administrative cost, reduction of manpower cost, overhead, they are below the line. 
But all of them flow to the EBITDA level. 
 
Now, just look it from the perspective when we  said that we will do Rs. 250 crores cost saving 
with new initiatives and benefits of Kurlon integration, they should have got a benefit of around 
8% to 9% to our bottom line. So, we were already at say 8%, 8.5% or say 7.5%, 8%, so this 
should have taken us to 16%, 17%. But that was not the intent. 
 
The business also needed a lot of initiatives to take it to the next level, it was almost stagnant if 
you see two years back the line. So, we also needed to spend some money into the business, 
especially in terms of expansion of channel network, especially in terms of incentivizing people 
to get the required sales, launching of new products like in the online segment and the STI, and 
also strengthening of management teams across the board in the organization. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 12 of 22 
 
 
So, even at the beginning we said that out of this saving of 8%, 8.5%, approximately 4%, that is 
50% of it would flow to the bottom line and 50% would be used by the business to get to the 
next level. The remaining benefit to the bottom line which we said that we should be able to 
reach 15% in three years’ time would be coming from operating leverage. 
 
Once we grow, like this year if you see, barring the impact of raw material prices, we grew by 
8% to 10%, right, in this quarter which is the same quarter last year. Our intent is to take this 
growth to at least 15% and run that growth in the next three years. Our fixed cost increased by 
around 4%, 5%, 6%, this year of course we are not allowing it to increase because of the cost of 
the initiative. But those 15% growth could lead some portion to the bottom line, which together 
these two initiatives should take us to a profit margin, EBITDA margin of say around 14%, 15% 
which we had committed in three years. 
 
Shrey Gandhi: Okay. Sir, my next question would be on, in the mattress segment the volume growth has grown 
10%. However, our revenue growth has been modest, around 9%. So, there was a pressure on 
the realization of average selling price, right? So, what steps like we have taken to drive the 
realization and improve the revenue realization per unit? 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: No, so top line growth in mattress, value growth in mattress is also 9%. So, 1% difference may 
be because there is a higher growth rate in small town initiative and online segment, which I 
mentioned to a question earlier as well. But that is not material. See, it may also be because of 
certain product mix. In some quarter you sold higher value mattresses more, in some quarter you 
sold lower value mattresses more. So, 9% or 10% does not make a lot of difference. 
 
But yes, if you look at our foam segment, which is furniture positioning, technical foam and the 
comfort foam segment, there the volume growth has been at around 6% to 8% whereas the value 
growth has been only around 2% to 3%, right? That is primarily because raw material prices 
have come down by around 10% to 12% in the last quarter. And in foam business, whenever 
there is an increase or decrease in raw material, we have to pass it on. So, the nature of that 
difference is different. 
 
So, in a falling raw material price regime, the foam business top line would reduce for the same 
level of business. But it will be true in the reverse as well. So, when the raw material prices rise 
that volume growth will be lesser whereas the value growth will be higher. 
 
Shrey Gandhi: If I can just give you one last question, sir. Like, you have around 18 plants of post -Kurlon 
integration, so what is the current capacity utilization at the consolidated level if you can just 
tell? What is the current capacity level? And how do you quantify the cost saving and operating 
leverage benefits to flow from this consolidation? Capacity utilization at a consolidated level. 
 
Tushaar Gautam: Capacity utilization is not a very good metric for our business. Generally, we need to be present 
in each geography and have manufacturing facilities in each geography which are underutilized 
but their primary purpose is to service the market at the lowest possible cost and the highest 
serviceability. So, at the moment, post-Kurlon acquisition what we did is divided the country 
===== PAGE 14 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 13 of 22 
 
 
into five zones, and each zone has capabilities of making foam and mattresses for both the 
businesses put together. Capacity utilization in terms of, let us say, okay brownfield we might 
need a bit of maintenance CAPEX every year, but any fresh CAPEX we do not see anything 
before 2029, 2030. 
 
Shrey Gandhi: Okay, fine sir. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
 
Rahul Gautam: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from SIMPL. Please proceed. 
 
Nikhil Upadhyay: Hi, good evening. First, I think a good recovery in the margin profile we have seen this quarter. 
Just for the understanding, and you have mentioned in the call also that our idea is to grow at 
15% and probably keep our expenses flat. What I want to understand is that, is it that the system 
has the capacity to sustain 15% growth without much  expenses? Or is the bandwidth at the 
employee level or at the expenses level created for a top line of at least Rs. 900 or 1000 crores? 
Is that how one should understand our P&L investments over the last four, five quarters? 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: So, I think I would repeat what I said in my earlier question. I said that because of the cost saving 
initiatives, my fixed cost will be flat for this year. It does not mean that it does not have impact 
of inflation. There is of course 5%, 6% impact of inflation on fixed cost every year. But this year 
it would amply get offset by the savings initiative. Yes, but from next year onwards, the second 
year and the third year, yes there would be an inflation of 5% to 6% anticipated currently. 
However, if my top line is growing by 15%, even after absorbing the fixed cost inflation of 5% 
a lot of money flows to the bottom line . So, ultimately if that flows to the bottom line, it will 
lead to an increase in uptake in the EBITDA margin. 
 
Nikhil Upadhyay: Okay. Secondly sir, you mentioned that at least we are not looking for CAPEX till like probably 
’29, ‘30 is the number you mentioned. But if we look at even last four quarters we are doing 
EBITDA of Rs. 250 crores. But there is Rs. 100 crores depreciation, Rs. 100 crores interest cost, 
as a result the profit which comes is only Rs. 100 crores. And probably two quarters back our 
idea was that we want to bring down the debt by selling like non-core assets at least by Rs. 200 
crores. So where are we on that path of reducing the debt, which eventually reduces the interest 
cost also? So, some ground if you can cover on where are we? 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: Sure. So, the assets which were to be monetized were clearly identified before our earlier call 
wherein I had committed Rs. 200 crores. As on date, we have already sold three facilities out of 
them, albeit they were smaller so we have monetized around Rs. 40-odd crores from those assets. 
There are two bigger facilities which are yet to be monetized and we are in the process of doing 
it. Real estate is a very easy sell off, and of course we have no compulsion to sell it off at a very 
non-bargain sort of a price. So we may take a little bit of time, but yes, those assets are clearly 
chalked out for monetization. That was one part of your answer. Do I answer you? 
===== PAGE 15 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 14 of 22 
 
 
Nikhil Upadhyay: Yes. Just a continuation, so by end of ‘26 where should our debt be eventually? Like I understand 
we do not want to do distress selling, but even based on our own cash generation where should 
our debt levels be approaching? 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: So, if you see my current year business, you would find that we should be generating a PAT of 
somewhere between Rs. 150 crores to Rs. 200 crores from the business. That is something which 
will go down to reduce the debt. And if this monetization takes place, it will be another Rs. 150 
crores, Rs. 40 crores has already been monetized. So we should be able to reduce our debt by 
around Rs. 300 crores to Rs. 350 crores just with this monetization. Now, where would the debt 
be? Currently if you see, I have a net debt of around Rs. 700 crores to Rs. 800 crores at a group 
level. If this goes down by Rs. 300 crores, Rs. 350 crores, we would be sitting somewhere around 
Rs. 300 crores to Rs. 400 crores on a net debt level. 
 
Nikhil Upadhyay: Okay. And last question, you mentioned that we have made some investments in Dubai and the 
market is good and probably we may expand, is it we are selling under our own brand? And how 
is the structure of the market as of now, like what is the growth rate and how many brands are 
existing, some idea if you can share? And why does that market excite you? 
 
Rakesh Chahar: So two reasons; one is, there are lot of Indian expats, that is one. Second is, those markets are 
predominantly spring mattress markets and we feel that there is a case for a value added home 
mattress which we are very good at in India. So, we have initiated some retail formats and the 
initial response from the formats, both on the product and pricing, is very good. Because it is a 
matured market so the price points are quite high, in fact, our gross margins are much higher 
than what we realize in India. And this gives us the confidence of scaling the right model that 
we will discover  in another two, three months and then start scaling the process up. And 
basically these are own brands, we are using Sleepwell and Kurlon, and both these brands are 
registered in all seven GCC countries. 
 
Nikhil Upadhyay: And it would be through a distributor model or we would be putting – 
 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Nikhil. 
Rakesh Chahar: It will be direct through the retail. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: Sure. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you so much. We take the next question from the line of Monil Gada from Equentis. 
Please proceed. 
 
Monil Gada: Hi, team. Thank you for the elaborate presentation. So, my question was, you briefly covered 
over Furlenco wherein you touched that we are doing a recent raise of Rs. 100 crores, Rs. 150 
crores. Given Sheela Foam’s existing investments over ‘22 to ’24, will we be doing any 
incremental capital infusion in Furlenco? And how do we see going forward turning the 
===== PAGE 16 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 15 of 22 
 
 
company, do we want to acquire the whole Furlenco like we did in Kurlon's case, or would we 
be not interfering in their operations? 
 
Rahul Gautam: So, thank you. I just want to say that, yes, the current requirement is between Rs.  100 crores 
and Rs. 125 crores. It is around. We may participate a little bit to ensure that we do not get 
diluted. But otherwise, at the moment we would let some kind of equity flow in from outside, 
too. We have reasonable, I would not say control, but let us say support in the management of 
the company, we have majority at the board level. And at the moment, there is no desire right 
away to acquire the company. We will let it grow, let it go on as it is at a good high growth level. 
And at the end of maybe FY ‘27 take a call as to what we want to do, whether it will go through 
an IPO process or it will go through an acquisition  process or whatever. But I think it is a little 
bit early. Right now we are just focusing on the growth part of it 
 
Monil Gada: Okay, thank you. And the last question would be, you said by FY ‘27 the revenue would be 
projected around Rs. 550 crores, any projections on FY ‘26 numbers for the entity? And how 
confident are we in Furlenco’s ability to achieve those numbers, any risk we foresee in the path 
of growth? 
 
Rahul Gautam: So, FY ‘26 our projection is Rs. 370 crores. We are well on track of that, whatever few months 
that have gone by. And we do not feel any big challenge towards achieving this goal, this should 
be on track. 
 
Monil Gada: Okay. And last question would be, do we also supply any foam from our entity to Furlenco? And 
is this at ambient price or we do offer some preferential rates? And we are also helping them get 
a distribution channel access through our firm, so how is that affecting our cost? 
 
Rahul Gautam: So, first on the form part of it. Yes, we do supply some foam. Their needs for form are not as 
great as we would think it tends to be, it is a small number but we supply the foam and the pricing 
is all at an arm’s length, there is no issue on that. As far as access to our show rooms is concerned 
for selling their furniture, we just need to appreciate two things. Number one, at the moment 
they are a furniture rental company, they  do sell some quantity absolutely. And in the furniture 
rental part of it there is a constant demand for cash for making assets which are needed/required 
for the high growth to be fulfilled. However, we are piloting a few stores where the Furlenco 
furniture can be sold and that is, at the moment, an independent entity, except being part  of the 
same association we make a few things happen, and looking at how does it perform, how does 
it look, etc. Because some of our show rooms, our actually quite a bit of the show rooms do sell 
furniture. So it is at a pilot stage, but it is something which is a synergy waiting to happen. 
 
Monil Gada: Okay, thank you. I will get back into the queue. 
 
Rahul Gautam: Thank you, Monil. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rakesh Mehta from Goodwill Investments. 
Please proceed. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 16 of 22 
 
 
Rakesh Mehta: Good afternoon, and thank you for giving me the opportunity. So, I have a question on Furlenco. 
So, in last call you mentioned the ARR reached Rs. 300 crores, so first, what would be the split 
of sale of products versus rental subscription revenue here? 
 
Rahul Gautam: I think the rental would be 95% and 5% would be selling of the products. 
 
Rakesh Mehta: Okay, got it. And on this rental subscription revenue, what would be the monthly AOV? 
 
Rahul Gautam: What is AOV? 
 
Rakesh Mehta: The average order value for rental subscription, on this 95% of the revenue the average order 
value per month would be around Rs. 2,500 to Rs. 3,000 I suppose? 
 
Rahul Gautam: That is a tough one to answer, Rakesh. But offline we can find that out and share that. 
 
Rakesh Mehta: Sure, sir. Fair enough. And also, just wanted to cross check, you mentioned the subscriber grew 
40,000 in Q1, so by FY ‘25 it was, if I understand correctly, by FY ‘25 it was 1 lakh, so now the 
total subscriber base for rental is around 1,40,000, right? Would be understanding be correct? 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: No, I think some confusion, maybe we missed out something. 40,000 was during the last year. 
So they increased the subscription of 40,000 during the last year, which was a 60% growth over 
the corresponding last year. So against ‘23 - ‘24 they grew by 60%, which is 40,000 subscribers 
in ‘24 - ‘25. And now on ‘25 - ‘26 they anticipate to do a similar growth, so I missed writing Q1 
there, but this 40,000 growth figure is for Financial Year ‘25. 
 
Rakesh Mehta: Okay, sure, understood. Sure, thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question is from the line of Varun Singh from Alpha Accurate. 
Please proceed. 
 
Varun Singh: Thanks for the opportunity. So firstly, congratulations on good set of EBITDA margin number. 
Sir, my first question is on the India mattress business where maybe the maximum amount of 
hard work that we are doing to grow. Sir, 9% volume growth in this quarter, I mean, do you 
think that this is impact of may be some consumer demand slowdown, etc.? And secondly, going 
forward, like in second, third, fourth quarter, how comfortable you are with may be 14% to 15% 
kind of revenue growth? 10% and then 14% -15% for next three quarters, I mean, what is your 
feel? 
 
Tushaar Gautam: Just two comments on that. I think the volume growth numbers that are there at the moment, the 
only point I would make is, July was better than June, June was better than April, and July is 
better than June. So the level of growth is accelerating on the back of market share gain on to 
accounts from other brands as well as unbranded to branded. So we are not depending on demand 
growth and GDP growth and consumption growth and all of that, the complete strategy around 
that is on market share growth irrespective of what the market does. That is one. And like I said, 
===== PAGE 18 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 17 of 22 
 
 
as we are accelerating the growth percentage numbers both on value and volume month on 
month, I think exit run rate at the end of Q2, at the best end of Q3, we will be at that 15% number. 
 
Varun Singh: Understood, sir. And secondly on the realization front, sir, I had two questions. One is, what is 
the primary reason for revising the rate downward by 5% which brings optically the revenue 
growth in this segment around 9%, because I think compared to the earlier numbers the growth 
would have been plus 4% odd. I read your PPT but I could not understand the account ing 
entry. And in that context, the Rs. 3,900 realization that we have recorded in this quarter, do 
you think that this is a run rate which should be a fair assumption for other three quarters or we 
can expect a better realization for the next nine months? That is my last question. 
 
Tushaar Gautam: Yes, so I guess your two questions. One is, why did we revise the base from last year? The only 
thing that we have done is, from gross revenue to net revenue there was an IndAS discount, 
which earlier we used to allocate equally to all businesses. Instead of allocating equally to all 
businesses, we have just recalibrated that based on the sales incentives and discounts and all of 
that to accurately allocate to matters separately, to foam separately, to B2B separately to 
cushioning separately. 
 
As you would see, there would be no change in volume numbers, there would only be revenue 
based that would have changed from that account. So it is just to make apple -to-apple 
comparison, because if this quarter we allocated our mattress differently than we did last year, 
we would see different revenue numbers or revenue growth numbers compared to what is 
accurate. So that is one. 
 
On the ASV, so you can take base line of Q1 as the base line. And like I said, multiple actions, 
both on the side of volume growth as well as on the side of premiumization, whether it is 
whatever activities we need to do in showrooms and for the consumers for getting ASVs up in 
showrooms, but at the same time not losing track of penetration on Tarang, Aaram, e-com where 
ASVs would be a bit low. 
 
So, it is fair to assume that you might get a few quarters where volume growth is actually higher 
than revenue growth, or vice -versa or very close to each other, depends. For example, Q3 is 
extremely high for e-com so you might get volume growth which is much higher than revenue 
growth in Q3. But it will come back to normal in Q4, so probably those things will keep playing. 
 
Varun Singh: Got it. Okay, sir. Thank you very much and wish you all the best. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gopi Kishan from Kumar & Associates. Please 
proceed. 
 
Gopi Kishan: Good afternoon, gentlemen. As you mentioned about Furlenco earlier, the run rate for the year 
being Rs. 300 crores, could I get the monthly run rate latest available? 
 
Rahul Gautam: Gopi, you will have to repeat. 
===== PAGE 19 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 18 of 22 
 
 
Tushaar Gautam I think Rahul ji already answered that. So current rate, I cannot connect on July numbers, but of 
course June numbers projected to 12 months is Rs. 350 crores run rate, and growing at whatever 
high-double-digits every month-on-month. 
 
Gopi Kishan: Right. And the latest active subscriber base as of last month? 
 
Tushaar Gautam: Active subscriber base, we will get back to you off line. I am not very sure on the numbers at 
the moment. Base keeps changing because you have new subscribers, then you have returns and 
all of that. So to get active subscriber base, we will just have to get back to you on this. 
 
Gopi Kishan: Okay. Not an issue. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suyash Bhave from Wealth Guardian. Please 
proceed. 
 
Suyash Bhave: So regarding our warranties that you give for our mattresses, I have a few questions. First is, 
what is the duration of those warranties? Second, what are covered under the warranties, as in, 
do we give returns, repairs, replacement, etc.? And third is, on an average, what is our warranty 
cost per annum for the last few years? 
 
Tushaar Gautam: I will just quickly respond to that. It is an extremely detailed policy, I will have someone send it 
out to you. It is different by model, it is different by brand, it is different for many various 
reasons. On average, for mattress, both companies put together would not have warranty claims 
more than 0.7%, 0.8%, 0.9% a year of sales. 
 
Suyash Bhave: Alright. So, do we have returns and replacements? Because from what I understand, handling of 
mattresses since it is a bulky material, there would be some logistics costs involved to it, right? 
 
Tushaar Gautam: There is, but like I said, it is an extremely detailed process, it is been running for multiple years, 
I will have someone get back to you off -line on the complete policy. In terms of replacement, 
yes, for the first year it is a full replacement, post that it is a pro-rated. Like I said, it is a complex 
policy. It will be good if you could have a read on the policy offline. And then if you have any 
other questions, somebody can certainly respond back on that. 
 
Suyash Bhave: All right, I will follow up on this offline. So I have just one more question regarding seasonality 
for our business and for our mattresses as a whole. Which is  our peak season, and which is our 
most muted season? 
 
Tushaar Gautam: So, Q2 would be the most muted. Q3, Q4 are high. Q3, of course, would be very high, primarily 
on account of north, east, a little bit on the west. South is fairly consistent across the year. So, it 
depends on the festive season. This year would be a bit earlier. So yes, we might see some benefit 
in Q2 as well. 
===== PAGE 20 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 19 of 22 
 
 
Suyash Bhave: All right, sir, understood. Thank you. I will connect offline for the warranty-related questions. 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jayesh Gandhi from Harshad H. Gandhi 
Securities Private Limited. Please proceed. 
 
Jayesh Gandhi: Sir my first question is regarding Furlenco where you said that you are thinking of raising Rs. 
100 crores. What kind of a valuation are we aspiring here, sir? I mean, enterprise value for the 
company? 
 
Tushaar Gautam: I think we are still in the process of discovering that. As we go out, like Rahul ji said, Sheela 
Foam will probably put a little bit of equity in to retain its investment. But Furlenco’s 
management is in the process of going out and looking for fresh equity. And in that process, it 
is still in the middle of a discovery process. 
 
Jayesh Gandhi: Okay. And I have two bookkeeping questions. First is, the MTM loss, in which line item in the 
P&L do we show? 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: Other expenses. 
 
Jayesh Gandhi: And sir, this quarter our other income is closer to Rs. 9 crores versus that Rs. 30 crores year-on- 
year and Rs. 60 crores Q-o-Q. What is this other income, by the way? 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: So, other income comprises of two parts. One is the income from the investment, that is the Rs. 
450 crores in cash that we have,  we park it in government securities, so that comes from there. 
And the second part contains a lot of items which may be the waste that we sell. There might be 
certain income not related to operations which comes like sale of assets, and pretty similar type 
of details. 
 
Jayesh Gandhi: So this quarter the other income is less mainly because of the income from assets, I mean, income 
from investments? 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: Yes. We park this in a gilt fund, which if you see any gilt fund of any mutual fund, you will find 
that the value of the paper at the beginning of the quarter and the end of the quarter was almost 
the same, rather less towards the end of the quarter. This happens because at times the market 
perceives, expects more benefits from the monetary authorities, which gets reflected into the 
price of the bond. But when that does not materialize, it falls. So, by May end or early June the 
gilt fund sell, which of course will get normalized over the course of the year because it carries 
a definite coupon. But for the quarter, we did not get that income or had to incur that shortfall 
during this quarter. 
 
Jayesh Gandhi: Just one more question. What would be the normalized other income? I mean, in a normal case. 
Should it be closer to Rs. 30 crores, Rs. 40 crores? 
===== PAGE 21 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 20 of 22 
 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: No, it would not be. For a quarter, it should be somewhere between Rs. 17 crores to Rs. 20 
crores. But that also depends on, because the nature of the other income, some of the part, like 
the gain on sale of assets, that is not which you can predict, there will be certain absolute assets 
which you sell off. But our general trend has been that it ranges between Rs. 5 crores to Rs. 10 
crores, apart from interest. And around Rs. 7 crores, Rs. 8 crores to Rs. 10 crores would be from 
investment. 
 
Jayesh Gandhi: That is it from my side, sir. Good luck for the future. 
 
Rakesh Chahar: Thank you. 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aishwarya from ithought. Please proceed. 
 
Aishwarya: Hello, sir. Hello to the management. I have one question regarding the new developments that 
we have made. Now, we are also into the technical foam, we are now supplying it to the industry 
as well. I am solely interested to know  how we will be getting in the sales, the top line growth. 
Now we are also having Furlenco under the umbrella, and we are increasingly expanding the 
number of industries where we can supply our product to. Are we actively looking for any more 
acquisitions? 
 
And when I read the previous concalls, I also came across the statement where we said that 
Kurlon also did some bit of sofa manufacturing and all that. Do we have that in the Kurlon stores 
available? And how will a Kurlon experience store look like in the future? Like we have 
Sleepwell experience stores, and now you told that we will have the Kurlon experience stores as 
well, how will the two be different? And how will the future experience store look like? 
 
Rakesh Chahar: So, Kurlon already has stores. There are about 350, more than 350 stores, which are similar to 
the Sleepwell, the one you were referring. So we intend growing that number, which I said 
earlier. And that is going to drive sales for Kurlon. 
 
As far as sofa is concerned, yes, Kurlon had a small factory to make sofas. So, we have continued 
with the business, but not making ourselves, but outsourcing it. Because now, right now, we 
have Furlenco as a part of the group, so we intend to even kind of integrating or taking advantage 
of this synergy from Furlenco for sofa manufacturing, so that work is under process. 
 
And as far as aviation part that you said, yes, we have kind of developed that foam. We are the 
only company in the country who makes aviation foam. We have started supplying to the 
secondary market. And we have also attempted to get ourselves certified as a Tier 2 supplier to 
the Boeing. So that I think is also a work in progress. 
 
Aishwarya: Understood, sir. Just one more question. Since the Kurlon integration has been EPS dilutive for 
us, when will the company be better for the shareholders? I know once you integrate or acquire 
===== PAGE 22 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 21 of 22 
 
 
a company, it is obvious that EPS will dilute for certain years. Because of the interest and 
appreciation, we have seen that the margins are pretty stressed. When do we think that we can 
come back to the normal levels, the March ‘22 levels, or something around that? 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: So, we have already guided on what sort of growth we are looking from here, and what sort of 
profitability we are looking from here. I think that should be sufficient to figure out as to how 
our EPS will move going forward. 
 
Aishwarya: Yes, sir. Yes, I will look into it. Thank you so much. 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: Thank you. 
 
Rakesh Chahar: Thank you, Aishwarya. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please proceed. 
 
Ritesh Shah: Hi, sir. Just one question. Sir, how much was the volumes from Aaram and Tarang this quarter? 
And on volumetric terms, corresponding period last year, please? 
 
Rakesh Chahar: So, I think Amit has already said, it is about 60% is the value growth. 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: Volume would be similar. 
 
Rakesh Chahar: Volume should be similar, yes. 
 
Ritesh Shah: Sir, earlier we have indicated a number of  around 6%, 6.5%, has that number actually moved 
up? I think we gave a number of Rs. 18 crores, Amit gave that number, I think. But just on a 
volumetric terms, will it be like 6%, 6.5% of the volumes? 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: So, Ritesh, just I am not getting your question. But to clarify, I can speak out what we have said. 
Last year we were at Rs. 65 crores. This year, current run rate is Rs. 80 crores per annum. We 
intend to cross Rs. 100 crores for the current year. For the 1st Quarter, it was Rs. 17 crores, Rs. 
18 crores, which I mentioned. That is the statistics. So, if you see growth rate on a year-on-year 
basis, it is approximately 60%, what we are targeting this time. Growth rate on a month -on- 
month basis would be, if you work out from it, 3%, 4% sort of a growth rate month -on-month 
would be there. 
 
Ritesh Shah: Right. Sir, I am looking at the volume contribution, of the total mattresses, how much will be 
Aaram and Tarang? This number earlier what we have given is around, I think, 7% in Q3 and 
Q4. So, for Q1, what that number is? 
 
Amit Kumar Gupta: So, Ritesh, I do not have those numbers separately. Maybe we can get in touch and I can give 
you those numbers. 
 
Ritesh Shah: Sure, sir. No worries. Thank you so much. 
===== PAGE 23 =====
Sheela Foam Limited 
August 06, 2025 
Page 22 of 22 
 
 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
 
Rahul Gautam: Thank you, Deepali. Thank you for conducting this conference. Let me just begin by saying 
that Q1 FY ‘26 has been a robust performance. We look forward to it going or getting better 
and better as we move along. I just want to thank each one of you for all the questions. It has 
been learning as usual for us. And if for the paucity of time or any other reason or otherwise we 
have been unable to answer the questions, please feel free to reach out to Tushaar ji, to Rakesh 
ji, Amit, or myself. And in the meantime, till the next call, I would just say thank you very 
much and Jai Hind, and all the best. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 