
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
Date: February 17, 2026 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001,   
Maharashtra, India 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 544642 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Scrip Symbol: WAKEFIT 
Subject: Transcript of the earnings conference call held on February 11, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith a copy of transcript of the 
earnings conference call held on Wednesday, February 11, 2026, at 09:00 a.m. (IST) to discuss the 
unaudited financial results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025.   
 
The said transcript is also available on the Company's website at www.wakefit.co/investor-relations. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Wakefit Innovations Limited 
(formerly known as Wakefit Innovations Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Surbhi Sharma 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership Number: A57349 
   
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
Wakefit Innovations Limited 
Q3 FY ’26 Conference Call 
February 11, 2026 
E&OE - This transcript has been edited for grammatical 
and other transcribing errors. In case of discrepancies, 
the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 
11th February 2026 will prevail. 
    
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANKIT GARG – CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – WAKEFIT 
INNOVATIONS LIMITED 
 MR. CHAITANYA RAMALINGEGOWDA – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – WAKEFIT INNOVATIONS LIMITED 
 MS. PARUL GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
WAKEFIT INNOVATIONS LIMITED 
  
 
MODERATOR: MR. PERCY PANTHAKI – IIFL CAPITAL 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 17
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Wakefit Q3 FY '26 Conference Call hosted 
by IIFL Capital. Before we begin, a brief disclaimer. This conference call may contain forward-
looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations 
of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantee of future 
performance of the company, and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Percy Panthaki from IIFL Capital for the 
opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Percy Panthaki: Hi. Good morning, everyone. It is my pleasure to host the maiden results call for Wakefit. With 
me from the management, we have Mr. Ankit Garg, Chairman, CEO and Executive Director; 
Mr. Chaitanya Ramalingegowda, Executive Director; and Ms. Parul Gupta, CFO. I'll hand over 
the call to the management for their initial comments, and then we will open up for Q&A. Over 
to you. 
Ankit Garg: Hi, this is Ankit. Thank you so much for the introduction. Good morning, everybody. A warm 
welcome to all of you, and thanks for joining our first earnings call after listening. On this call, 
we are joined by Chaitanya Ramalingegowda, who is an Executive D irector here; and Parul 
Gupta, CFO; and Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisors too. 
 The results and the presentations are uploaded on the stock exchange and company websites. I 
hope everybody has had a chance to look at them. Firstly, I would like to take this opportunity 
to thank all the shareholders for their faith in us. We welcome ou r new shareholders and thank 
every stakeholder of the company, that is employees, customers, business partners, bankers, 
lawyers who made our IP listing successful. So thank you very much. 
 During the quarter, the company has shown solid performance across all metrics. Our revenue 
registered a Y-o-Y growth of 9.4% at INR4,213 million and reported EBITDA almost doubled 
to INR592 million due to operating leverages kicking in. 
 In including the improved capacity utilization, particularly at our furniture facility, our operating 
EBITDA, which represents EBITDA before Ind AS lease adjustments, ESOP charges and 
onetime costs stood at INR416 million with 9.9% margin. This performanc e was delivered 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 17
 
 
 
despite Diwali-related demand advancing to September 2025 compared to October 2024. Y -o-
Y sales growth for the last 4 months of the calendar year, that is September to December '25 
period stood at 14%. 
 The new GST reforms covered a lot of discretionary product categories. However, our major 
product categories remained unchanged at 18%. This led to shifts in consumer wallet towards 
other categories, which benefited due to this change. However, we believe  that it was a 
temporary shift and the demand is coming back to normalcy. So far, the quarter is shaping up 
strong than Q3 across key operating metrics. 
 Since this is our first earnings call, I would like to take a step back to establish who we are, what 
we do and also give you a bird's eye view of our industry. Wakefit began in 2016 as a sleep 
solutions player. After achieving strong traction in our mattress business, we saw that pain points 
which we wish to solve for in the mattress market also existed in the furniture market. 
 What made this even more interesting is that the market is much bigger as compared to that of 
our mattresses and we had an opportunity to tap our existing customer base via channels. Today, 
we have evolved into a one -stop destination, offering home and fu rnishing solutions to meet 
customers' evolving needs with products tailored to cater to the mass, masstige and the premium 
segments. 
 From day one, we embraced a direct -to-consumer ethos, D2C, with vertical integration, online 
distribution and deep customer feedback. Wakefit operates across three core product categories: 
mattresses, which are predominant contributor to our revenue at ab out 61.3% for the first 9 
months of the fiscal. Furniture category that includes beds, sofa, wardrobes, dining tables, chairs, 
seating, this contributed about 29% of our revenues for the first 9 months. The growth rate of 
this category was 27.5% on a year-on-year basis. The growth is much faster, albeit on a smaller 
base. 
 Our third category is furnishings category, where we offer pillows, cushions, towels, mats, rugs, 
carpets, comforters, runners, curtains, etcetera. This contributed about 9.7% of our total revenue 
in 9 months of the first fiscal. Wakefit today represents well under 1% of combined mattress 
furniture and home accessories market. Our growth will come from gaining market share 
through a superior value execution and customer experience, and there's a big headroom for this. 
Interestingly, the furniture market is nearly 10x the size of the mattress market. 
 Given this, we expect our revenue mix to evolve meaningfully over the next few years, resulting 
in a more balanced business mix. We invested early in what we call the pillars, which essentially 
represent a full -stack vertically -integrated model that repre sent -- that reflects our cohesive 
business approach, maintaining control over every stage of the product life cycle. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 17
 
 
 
 Our strength lies in our research and development-driven product designs and our commitment 
to continuously enhancing products based on customer feedback. Our integrated approach spans 
the entire value chain, encompassing supply chain management as well a s distribution. 
Currently, we operate five manufacturing facilities. 
 Our highly automated quality -driven operations supported by advanced imported machinery 
enable consistent output, scalability and a lean just -in-time inventory model. Our automated 
processes enable us to operate our furniture business on a catalog basis, where production begins 
only after confirmed orders. This limits inventory buildup, reduces working capital requirements 
and improves cash flow visibility. 
 Our logistics infrastructure comprises of a central mother warehouse, supported by multiple 
inventory holding points and delivery points, which enable efficient and cost-effective logistics. 
On the back of our highly automated operations, we run our busin ess with very low inventory 
and just-in-time operations. 
 We focus on environmental, social and governance principles, which are integral to our business 
operations. We are committed to promoting a circular economy by repurposing waste materials 
such as sawdust into fuel briquettes and foam scrapping, the reboun ded foam. Before I hand 
over, I would like to share that our Board has approved the appointment of Ms. Parul Gupta as 
CFO. She has been a part of our company from August 2025. 
 With her strong track record, she is well positioned to meaningfully contribute to our growth 
journey and further strengthen our financial stewardship. Ms. Parul Gupta will be replacing our 
prior CFO, Mr. Navesh Gupta, who resigned from the company due to his personal and 
professional plans with last working day as 31st December 2025. Appropriate disclosures 
pertaining to his resignation as CFO were made in the Red Herring prospectus and the prospectus 
filed at the time of IPO. 
 We welcome her on our team. We are proud to be building one of the India's largest furniture 
manufacturing ecosystems and serve the growing domestic demand for our products. A strong 
platform play under a single brand enables us to cross -sell complementary products and upsell 
higher-end products. Now with this, I would hand over to Chaitanya Ramalingegowda, 
Executive Director, to explain more. 
C. Ramalingegowda: Thank you, Ankit, for the introduction, and good morning, everyone. Building on what Ankit 
spoke, let me give some more color on a few aspects which differentiate our business. While our 
roots are digital, we entered offline retail to foster a deeper customer connection. We opened our 
first company-owned company-operated store in 2022 in Gomti Nagar, Lucknow. Around the 
same time, we also commenced our multi-brand operations, which means MBO stores. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 17
 
 
 
 As of December 2025 end, we had 137 active company-owned company-operated stores across 
76 cities and nearly 1,700 MBOs across 453 cities. Today, we sell our products through a 
comprehensive omnichannel strategy that enables us to reach customers in more than 700 
districts across 28 states and 6 union territories. 
 The omnichannel facet is part of both our own and external sales channels. Our own channels 
comprise our website and our company -owned company -operated stores, together, which 
contributed nearly 64.7% of our 9 -month sales. While external channels comprise  various 
marketplaces such as major e-commerce platforms, quick commerce platforms and MBOs, they 
contributed the rest of the amount. 
 With our omnichannel network, we ensure that customers have multiple touch points to discover, 
research and engage with our brand, ultimately supporting our long -term growth and 
profitability. More importantly, our own channels provide us control over the  products and the 
complete customer experience. 
 And they also enable us to increase brand loyalty through CRM programs, repeat purchases, 
cross-selling, increase in average order value and overall lifetime value of the customers through 
insights into consumer behavior and direct feedback every single day from them. The continued 
growth in the sale of our products from our own channels is a pivotal factor influencing our 
efficiencies as our channels typically command higher margins due to the elimination of third -
party costs. With healthy unit economics of our company-owned company-operated stores, the 
portion of the IPO proceeds is allocated towards accelerating store expansion in high -potential 
markets. 
 In select geographical areas, we intend to continue opening more COCO stores of various sizes 
tailored to specific catchment area requirements and specific product categories on display, 
whether it is a combination of mattress furniture and furnishing pro ducts. We are also making 
strides to open stores in a way that will help us to tap into smaller cities and towns and 
underserved pockets of India. 
 We focus on maximizing customer LTV, lifetime value through omnichannel presence, and this 
is shown resulting in a 35% repeat customer ratio and strong customer ratings across major e -
commerce platforms. While profitability has been a cornerstone of our complete existence over 
10 years, since the beginning, in the last few years, we are also focusing on investments in 
capabilities such as manufacturing, channel expansion and infrastructure and supply chain. A 
key milestone during this fiscal year has been our return to profitability. 
 As we see Wakefit becoming a comprehensive destination for home where multiple categories 
reinforce each other's growth and create a flywheel, we aim to focus more on brand building and 
sweating our existing assets better to bring out higher operating lev erage in the coming years. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 17
 
 
 
On a near-term basis, based on the prevailing market environment, we expect to close the year 
with mid - to high -teen growth -- revenue growth with continued improvement in operating 
EBITDA margin. I now invite Parul to walk you through our financial performance. 
Parul Gupta: Thank you, Chaitanya. Good morning, everyone. So let me give a very quick background in 
terms of how the financial performance during Q3 FY '26 has gone. Our revenue from operations 
rose by 9.4% to INR4,213 million. We delivered our highest-ever quarterly revenue. 
 We achieved this performance despite a shift in festive demand. Notwithstanding this, Y -o-Y 
demand across last 4 months of the calendar year has improved by 14%. As mentioned earlier, 
the Q4 trends remain positive. The GP margin for Q3 FY '26 was impacted due to seasonal offers 
and discounts, although it showed a 230 bps improvement compared to the last quarter of -- the 
quarter of the last year, which is Q3 FY '25. For the quarter, reported EBITDA, excluding non -
operating income stood at INR591.8 million, reflecting a margin of 14%, which is up by 196% 
Y-o-Y. 
 Given our rental-heavy cost structure, we also track operating EBITDA as per IGAAP, and we 
have provided a complete detailed walk around the EBITDA for the quarter and 9 months ending 
December 2025 for your reference on the Slide 10, which is uploaded on the website. Operating 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR416.4 million, which -- at a margin of 9.9%, while the last 
year same quarter stood at INR79.7 million at 2.1% margin. 
 PAT for the quarter totaled INR319 million, resulting in a PAT margin of 7.6%, which includes 
onetime impact of the -- on account of the changes in the Labour Code and IPO-related expenses 
amounting to INR39.3 million and INR10.1 million, respectively, fo r the quarter. Now coming 
to the 9 months financial year 2026 performance. The revenue from operation is at INR11,453 
million, resulting -- translating to a Y-o-Y growth of 17.9%. 
 Reported EBITDA stands at INR1,454 million with a Y -o-Y growth of 174% with a margin at 
12.7%. Operating EBITDA for the same period of 9 months stood at INR933 million, which is 
8.1% of the revenue and while versus the 2.2% in the last year of the 9 month s of FY '25. PAT 
reported at INR674 million at 5.9% margin. Including IPO proceeds as of December 31, 2025, 
the company has investable cash of around INR8,892 million. So this is broadly in terms of how 
our performance has gone by. 
 Looking into some of the factors which are coming in and broader guidance in terms of how our 
financial year 2026 will go by, we anticipate that our total ESOP expenses for the FY '26 will 
be around INR50 million and the next year will be around INR120 million. Lease component in 
the depreciation and amortization for this particular financial year is expected to close at INR665 
million. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 17
 
 
 
 In the recent past, we have seen some competitive intensity in the category. And hence, we 
expect that in the medium term, we anticipate some ramp -up in our brand building efforts with 
the advertisement and promotion, which may be expected to be around th at 8% to 9% of the 
sales as per our historical trends. With this, I open the floor for Q&A. Over to you. 
Moderator: Thank you maam. Our first question comes from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura 
Holdings. Please go ahead.  
Siddhartha Bera: Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, first question is on the revenue side, how should we 
look at the same-store sales growth for you, whatever it is like quarter 3 or 4 months, whichever 
you think is more representative, first on that? And also, segment-wise, how will it be? Probably 
it will be slightly lower in the mattress and stronger in the furniture is what I would assume. So 
some trends there? 
 And given that we are now sort of looking at entering another year, so how do you see some of 
these trends playing out? Do you expect any acceleration given your ambitions of market share 
gain? Or how should we think about some of the industry -wide and yo ur trends probably for 
mattress and furniture, if you can spell out separately for the next year as well? 
C. Ramalingegowda: Sure. On the SSSG side of it, we are in the -- are greater than 20% in terms of average currently. 
Different stores at different maturity are contributing at different levels. However, the average 
is definitely above 20% for the stores that have completed at least 1 year. This is not a number 
that has come just now. 
 This has been hovering in the same range consistently and some stores going up even more after 
maturing over 18 to 24 months. Coming to segment -wise growth rates, we have been growing 
mattress in the mid-teen levels and furniture at -- on the early 20s percentage levels in the past. 
And we foresee that the demand is back to those levels in the Q4 of FY '26 despite the aberration 
of Q3 because of the timing issues that Parul outlined. 
 So demand definitely is back, at least 200 to 250 bps higher than what we saw in Q3 as per the 
trends that we have seen from January 1 till now in fourth quarter. In terms of growth rates for 
the future, we see this holding at least in the mid-teens level at a company level across the three 
categories, while furniture, given the smaller base effect, will continue to be growing at a higher 
growth rate than mattresses in early to mid-20s. 
Siddhartha Bera: Got it, sir. This SSSG of more than 20%, this is for quarter 3, you mentioned, of more than 20% 
or if you can just clarify the time lines? 
C. Ramalingegowda: That is correct. I mean that is the -- even if you look at the 9 months average, it is in the same 
range. And if you look at the Q3, it is a little bit more healthy because offline transactions were 
very healthy during the festive period, but it is consistently above 20%. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 17
 
 
 
Siddhartha Bera: Got it. And some color on the segment -wise profitability as well. At an operating level, you 
mentioned we touched close to 10% operating EBITDA margins. How should we look at the 
segment-wise margins? And going ahead, where do you see more levers in terms of 
improvement? And any guidance if you have for the next few years? 
C. Ramalingegowda: Sure. While we don't disclose the margin profiles by category, mattress continues to be very, 
very profitable, the most profitable of the three categories that we have. And margin profile will 
continue to improve, but incrementally. Furniture is where we b elieve there is a lot of leverage 
pending and juice to be extracted from the complete value chain from research and development 
optimization, as our catalogue completion comes to a good stage. Manufacturing efficiency as 
the same factory assets churn out more number of quantity every single day as the demand goes 
up. And number three, utilization of our middle -mile trucks from the mother warehouse to the 
inventory holding points as the demand goes up steadily. 
 So given all of  these three things, most of the nonlinear growth improvement in margin will 
come from the furniture category in the coming years. And these two trends are not going to 
change drastically, mattress steadily half a percentage point, one percentage point a year, while 
furniture generating a lot more of the contribution to company-level margin improvement. 
Siddhartha Bera: Understood, sir. Last question is on the store additions. If you can give some color when does 
the mega store come on stream? And how much store additions are we looking to add next year 
across both small format and regular format? 
C. Ramalingegowda: Sure. I think if I have to stick to the analogy of the terminology used in DRHP and RHP, our 
COCO regular stores that are currently there, which are anywhere between 600 square feet to 
about 5,000 square feet, that is where most of the quantity addition will come over the next year 
or so. We plan to continue to open a steady number of stores every single quarter. We're happy 
to provide a little bit more color to that in the next call. But currently, we are at about 137 active 
stores compared to 125 active stores at the end of September 2025. 
 Approximately 11 stores or so have been added net. In terms of the forward-looking, this number 
is going to be definitely higher than this number, maybe to the extent of 50% higher store 
opening than what we have delivered in this quarter starting from the next fiscal, which is starting 
on April 1. 
Moderator:  The next question comes from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec India. 
Ritesh Shah: First, congratulations to the team for the IPO. A few questions. First one is probably for Parul. I 
think, ma'am, you indicated 8% to 9% for A&P. Just want to understand what all variables does 
it include and exclude? That's the first one. Secondly, you al so indicated around INR66 crores 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 17
 
 
 
towards depre and amortization. That number is for FY '26. Could you give us some headline 
numbers for '27 and '28? Those are the first two questions for you, please. 
Parul Gupta: Thanks, Ritesh, for the question. So Ritesh, in terms of the A&P, this includes all kind of 
marketing and advertisement what we do, offline, online, digital. So those -- everything is 
included as part of it, which is in the same line in which we have repor ted the numbers in the 
financial as well as in the RHP. And that is what we are looking into the medium term, not 
immediate. So that's one point. 
 The second question in terms of the -- your -- guidance in terms of the lease component. As we 
are in the process of evaluating the store count and everything, these numbers may undergo a bit 
of a change. So it is not possible for us to comment on the exact number on this, but it will be in 
the similar trend. The increase is going to be in a similar trend as it is how the store increase has 
happened over the years and the lease component has happened. 
Ritesh Shah: Okay. If I can just have a follow -up over here. Ma'am, if we have to understand the element of 
CAC, would it fall under A&P? Or is it a separate line item that one should look at? 
C. Ramalingegowda: Customer acquisition cost in our industry, given that we are a multichannel company, it is very 
hard to calculate, primarily because even when you're a purely online company, you can at least 
come to some degree of approximation because the same identity or Google ID in the back end, 
Google or Facebook will provide us some kind of unique identifiers to come to a proxy. 
 There also, there are gaps such as people browsing on one device and purchasing on another 
device, but at least you get to a fair degree of confirmation. But given that we have two, three 
channels such as e -commerce marketplaces, which do not provide consu mer data; quick 
commerce, which do not provide consumer data; MBOs, where, again, we don't get any data and 
online and offline, where consumers may browse with different IDs and devices and browsers 
and purchase in our store or somewhere else. 
 We do not track CAC. The proxy -- two strong proxies that we use to keep the cost under control 
is advertising and promotion, which is the marketing cost as a percentage of net revenue. And 
secondly, the repeat rate that has to be healthy, which means cus tomers are coming back for 
more purchases. So unfortunately, we don't have a clean way to calculate CAC. 
Ritesh Shah: So this is a variable, CAC could be beyond A&P. If I have to conclude, would that be a fair 
assessment? 
C. Ramalingegowda: You're absolutely... 
Ritesh Shah: It could be in one of the -- sure, sure. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 17
 
 
 
C. Ramalingegowda: It's not like -- what I'm trying to say is store, retail expenses can also be CAC. And hence, you 
can consider some portion of the incentives, et cetera, will go there. 
Ritesh Shah: Sure. And Parul, just a follow -up. I think we -- as part of primary issuance, we had indicated a 
number of INR161 crores. This was towards lease, sublease rent and license fee payments. This 
would be spread over how many years, if you could help on that, g iven you indicated we are in 
process for '27 and '28 corresponding to INR66 crores? 
Parul Gupta: Ritesh, can you help me, and just can you please repeat the question? I couldn't get the numbers 
that you mentioned. 
Ritesh Shah: Yes. Ma'am, as part of primary issuance of INR377 crores, INR161 crores was earmarked 
towards expenditure of lease, sublease, rent. So I just wanted to get a sense of this is spread over 
how many years? 
Parul Gupta: Yes. This is spread over 3 years. 
Ritesh Shah: This is spread over -- cool. I'll just move to the third question. Broader numbers on spread of 
revenues, South and non-South, that's one. Tier 1 versus ex Tier 1, if you can help us with that, 
that would be great. Third is basically the revenue mix when w e say COCO and incrementally, 
we have spoken about MBO, how do you see the revenue pie between COCO and MBO? So 
three questions over here. And I have a last bucket. If you permit, I'll go to the last bucket then? 
C. Ramalingegowda: Sure, Ritesh. The South versus non -South, Tier 1 versus Tier 2, all of them vary differently by 
categories. For mattress, which is the oldest category, and we are present largely online pretty 
much everywhere across India. In such that category, South is s till significant, maybe 
contributing more than 50% and the North contributing the rest. Our strong suit is the bottom 
five states in the Southern Peninsula of India. 
 But in furniture, it has no South versus North split. It has much more of a Tier 1 versus metro 
split because by definition, furniture is not present pan-India. It is only present in the cities where 
we have stores. So furniture is very, very concentrated  in the x number of cities that we are 
currently present in with our store presence and mattress is present pan-India. So that is how the 
split is. 
 In terms of roughly metro, Tier 1 versus Tier 2, mattress has a more even distribution given the 
reasons that I told you, which means less than 35%, 40% would probably be in these metro and 
Tier 1 for mattress and the rest is spread across the country. While in furniture, large part, lion's 
share of all furniture revenue will come from only metro and Tier 1 where our stores are present. 
In terms of COCO and MBO, MBOs are a very small presence. They are our strategic partners. 
They're important to our growth. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 17
 
 
 
 But if you look at it at a company level, this would be in low single-digit percentage of revenue 
contribution. It is a great way to enter new markets, service underserved parts of India without 
putting our own capex. So while they are important to us, th ey are not going to be as sizable as 
company-owned company -operated stores, which are contributing significant amount of 
revenue to the company. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Rachna from SiMPL PMS. 
Rachna: On a good set of numbers and on getting listed. I have two questions. Our annual realizations 
for mattress has been improving. What are the key drivers behind this improvement? And how 
do mattress realization compare across our own online channel and the e -com channels like 
Amazon? I understand that third -party cost eliminations contribute, but what other factors are 
supporting the trend in realizations? 
C. Ramalingegowda: Sure. In terms of annual realization of mattress, yes, you're right, it is steadily going up. There 
are a few specific factors that contribute. Number one is the introduction of the premiumization 
portfolio in our own company. We started this about 2 to 2.5 years ago. 
 And we now have a bunch of ranges such as plus range, Infiniti range where they are at a higher 
premium to the classic and essential range that we always had. So that is factor number one. 
Factor number two is our ability to upsell to customers who walk into our stores, meaning when 
they do come in, they don't have a clear view of which SKU they want to buy, but they have 
shortlisted some. 
 But once they lie down on it, test it, ask questions from our staff and get clarity, they are able to 
upsell and purchase a product INR5,000, INR7,000, INR10,000 higher. This is also borne out in 
the fact that average order value in our company-owned company-operated stores is nearly 60%, 
65% higher than the online average order value. 
 So this is a second factor. The third factor is the fact that Wakefit has brought up innovative 
SKUs, which are not just on the same variety but a premium price point, but also innovative 
materials of higher-quality latex, higher-quality grade, higher-quality spring, where the benefits 
that are provided are also very different. 
 These are the major factors because of which realization is higher steadily. But how does this 
split across our website versus marketplaces versus stores? Largely in terms of average order 
value or ticket size, irrespective of whether it is our website or marketplaces, it is approximately 
similar and lower compared to the offline channel, which is higher. 
 But by the time it comes back into the company in terms of contribution margin, et cetera, the 
e-commerce marketplaces would definitely be a few percentage points lower than our own D2C 
website. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 17
 
 
 
Rachna: Okay. Understood. My second question is, what were the key drivers of gross margin 
improvement this quarter? And to what extent was this led by the mattress segment? 
Additionally, if you could please provide some color, ballpark figures into gross margin a cross 
our three product categories, specifically which categories generate high gross margins and 
EBITDA margins relative to the company level? 
C. Ramalingegowda: Sure. Just to clarify, our gross margin in Q3 has been worse off compared to the H1 of FY '26. 
Like Parul mentioned, the main reason was that it is the standard festive quarter where all brands 
provide discounts to drive higher volumes. However, your question was also right that compared 
to Q3 of FY '25, there is a 230 bps improvement in this quarter. So that has not been because of 
any short-term step that we have done now or this quarter. 
 This has been the result of the work done in the factories and the production facilities in terms 
of utilizing higher degree of machines and manpower and reducing the wastage. So it's not a 
onetime short reason. It's better than last year Q3, but worse than the H1 because of the reason. 
What was the second -- can you repeat the second question, please? 
Rachna: Yes... 
C. Ramalingegowda: Yes, you're right. Segment-wise, we don't disclose the margins, unfortunately. But like I outlined 
earlier, mattress is higher than the company-level gross margins. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL Capital. 
Percy Panthaki: A few questions from my side. So first one is on the GST-led shift of buying by customers. Why 
has this affected only mattress? Based on the data in your presentation, you have given, I think, 
26% of furniture going to 29% as a salience, so which means roughly 20%-plus kind of growth 
has happened in furniture this quarter. So why is this GST-led shift not affected furniture? 
C. Ramalingegowda: Good question, Percy. So in mattresses, we see a much, much higher level of spike during the 
festive season, which did not happen this year. To give you some sense, mattresses see on sale 
events, 8 to 10x growth over BAU during the festive time. And during the second and third wave 
of the sale can see as much as 5x, 4x of BAU numbers, while that didn't happen this year. Festive 
for furniture has always been a smaller spike. 
 And as a company also, we are able to service a smaller spike given that it involves more moving 
parts of production, manufacturing, et cetera. So the idea is very simple that furniture grew as 
much as usually it grows, 30%, 40% over normal numbers, but m attresses, just the pent -up 
demand that was there just didn't happen this time around. 
Percy Panthaki: So doesn't that mean it gets shifted to next Diwali or it comes back sooner in your view? 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 17
 
 
 
C. Ramalingegowda: Customers don't wait for a year. Usually, what we see is the Republic Day sale that happens in 
January, the March sale that happens around Sleep Day, those end up contributing and growing. 
And the next big spike that you'll also see is in June -- is in Jul y during certain e -commerce 
events as well as our own proprietary sale event. 
 So customers don't wait for a year. January, March and July, they come back and it makes up 
for it. That's what we saw even in the Republic Day sale, where Y-o-Y, we grew in our mid-20s 
for the same 7-day Republic sale -- Republic Day sale compared to last year Republic Day sale. 
Percy Panthaki: Got it. Next question, just wanted some kind of thoughts, if not guidance, on medium -term 
margins, let's say, over a 2 -, 3-year kind of a period. You have done 9.5%, 10% this quarter. 
There is already significant operating leverage playing out. Your other expenses are in absolute 
terms down Y-o-Y for the quarter, for 9-month basis also, I think they are marginally down only. 
So one is, where do you see -- these margins, 9.5%, 10%, where do you see them going over a 
2-, 3-year period? And what would be the drivers for that movement? 
C. Ramalingegowda: Sure. We, as a company, don't provide guidance, especially because the industry is very, very 
dynamic. And we, as a single company, operate in three -- in categories, each of which is a 
separate industry altogether. The mattress industry has separate dynamics, separate competition 
and separate pressures. The furniture industry has very different growth levers and very different 
pressures on utilization of assets. 
 And similarly, furnishing is a much smaller ticket size item, which is purchased more on impulse 
or as an add-on to the existing cart. Since each of them is separate, we are unable to provide a 
very tight, controlled guidance. However, the revenue growth remaining at a healthy number 
that we outlined earlier and margin improvements coming from operating leverage, those are in 
our control. 
 But we foresee that given the increase in competitive intensity in mattress, we will go back to 
increasing our advertising and promotion expenses to historical average of somewhere around 
8% or so, given how the industry has shaped up. While in furniture,  the investments will come 
a lot more in stores, meaning if the stores are continuing to deliver the amazing unit economics 
and payback periods that we currently have, we might accelerate the pace of opening those 
stores. 
 So given those, the margin payback, some of the investments taking up some of our EBITDA 
for the short term might happen. But as we get clarity on that strategy, we will come back. But 
the only point I'm outlining and reiterating is revenue, operating leverage will be continued 
Percy Panthaki: Got it. Got it. And lastly, just wanted to understand your thoughts on the mattress segment 
growth, the industry growth overall organized versus unorganized. And within organized also, 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 17
 
 
 
roughly what is your current share? And what kind of share you are gunning and therefore, what 
kind of growth in the mattress segment can we expect? 
 Because unlike furniture, where you are a very, very tiny part of the overall sort of market, in 
mattress, it's relatively a little more organized. And within the organized guys, I think you are 
the second largest now. So just wanted your thoughts on mattress growth? 
C. Ramalingegowda: Okay. I was just saying that on the mattress side, in the absence of any industry reports, which 
give us quarter-on-quarter updates on how growth has happened or share has changed, unlike in 
FMCG or mobile phones, we only have an estimate. Our estimate is that we must be in the early 
double digits in terms of market share in the overall organized mattress market. We don't take a 
market share target, but we do take growth rate targets internally when we do our annual 
operating plan. 
 So we just want to focus on that growth rate to be at least in the mid- to late teens, given the size 
of the mattress market and given how large we play. And this itself is going to be double or so 
of the traditional legacy companies from what we can get in the private market data. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Harsh Dhanuka from Ncubate Capital Partners. 
Harsh Dhanuka: Extending to the question of the last participant, how do you see this mattress market divided 
between online, offline? And do you see a shift happening between the two? And how do you 
see your prominence in terms of market shares if you want to divide it between online, offline 
also? 
C. Ramalingegowda: We believe that a lot of the transition from offline unorganized buying will move to online 
organized buying because the consumer behavior itself has changed in these last 10 years. If 10 
years ago, the mattress research process would start by going to thr ee stores near your house, 
today, the mattress research process starts by either searching on Google or searching on one of 
the two large marketplaces, e-commerce marketplaces. 
 Hence, the natural consolidation or growth rate will come online, especially for this segment 
that is converting from unorganized retail to organized will happen online, especially for the 
entry-level price points. So these would be mattress in the range o f INR6,000 to INR8,000 all 
the way to INR12,000, INR13,000. We believe this is going to grow rapidly online as it has 
shown in the last 4 to 5 years. 
 However, on the premium range, as long as the product is innovative, as long as the product has 
something new to offer, not just customers overpaying because of the MBO cost structure, dealer 
distributor cost structure, et cetera, we believe that the prem iumization will happen mainly in 
company-owned company-operated stores where the sales staff is very consultative, where the 
===== PAGE 16 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 17
 
 
 
sales staff is able to provide a very good view of the innovation rather than just expensive 
mattresses sold through MBOs. 
Harsh Dhanuka: And how would be your market share between the two, online versus offline? As you said, it is 
more early teens in terms of overall market share, but does that differ when you look at from the 
online versus offline? 
C. Ramalingegowda: Yes, that changes drastically when we look at it online versus offline. When we look at pure 
online companies, we would be much larger than what I said. It would be -- from whatever we 
know or we can estimate, it will be more than a quarter of the market b elonging to Wakefit, 
although we don't have an exact number given the absence of industry reports. But overall 
organized space, we would be in the early double digits. 
Harsh Dhanuka: And with respect to growth, how do you see -- as you said, within mattress, you're looking at 
18%. Does this number also vary between online and offline overall from the mattress 
perspective? 
C. Ramalingegowda: The growth rate has been solid for both places. But like I said, the product mix changes. In the 
online space, the growth rate is way higher. And in the offline space, its growth is very high for 
premium only. However, even now that becomes more and more b lurred because a lot of the 
online-only companies have started opening company-owned company-operated stores. So it is 
now -- unlike 10 years ago, it is very hard to call a company online company or offline company 
because they're opening stores also and sales is moving offline, although the discovery happens 
online. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Deepak from Unifi Capital. 
Deepak: Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, first question is on the revenue growth in mattress. It 
seems to be on the lower side. So if you can provide some insights as to despite giving the 
discounts this quarter, why is the growth rate lower? And what have we done in Q4 that we see 
these revenue growth trends improving? I'm talking about the mattress segment in particular? 
C. Ramalingegowda: Sure. Good question. I think Parul answered it to some degree in her opening comments, but I 
will add more flavor to that. Last year, in calendar year 2024, the Diwali sale started on the last 
day of September, which means most of the sales spike was shown  and revenue recognized in 
the OND quarter. And hence, it showed up in Q3. 
 However, this year, both the GST -based waiting that happened between September 5 and 
September 26 that happened there. And the sales spike started on September 21 or 22, which 
means a large part of the spike from the first wave of the sale got recognized in the second 
quarter, which is July, August, September quarter. And hence, the H1 got some of the credit for 
===== PAGE 17 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 17
 
 
 
that spike. And the second and third waves of sale got recognized in OND. So it was more of a 
timing difference. 
 To give you how it looks like when you take it 4 months, which is September to December, 
mattress growth rate has been closer to 11.5%, which is similar to what we have grown in the -
- a little bit lower than what we had grown in H1, but it is not as bad as it looks in only OND. 
However, like we mentioned, in Jan, Feb, March of this year, the demand and growth rates have 
come back to mid -teens, given back -- consumer demand coming back, the Republic Day sale 
event, store opening coming back to its original  cadence, all of those slowly coming back to 
normal. 
Deepak: Understood. Yes, that was helpful. Sir, second question, you mentioned that -- see, actually, 
you've controlled your opex cost really well, the other expenses line item that I'm talking about. 
But given that you're going to increase ads from here on, you're going to increase the number of 
stores from here on, this is bound to go up. So how are we going to -- when you talk about 
operating leverage, how are we going to benefit from operating leverage when the spends are 
going to go up? If you can mention any levers that you have? 
C. Ramalingegowda: Sure. So we believe that the operating leverage is going to come from two sources, which are 
not related to advertising and promotion. One source is the manufacturing and supply chain 
operations and the second source is the central cost control, which comes below the contribution 
margin. On the manufacturing and supply chain, we take targets and optimization goals every 
single quarter. 
 And that is a very, very slow grind where we're able to free up half percentage point or so every 
quarter of hard work, while the central cost, which is keeping the office cost, Internet cost, 
utilities cost, the fixed cost that is there in the central tea m, that is a constant push and pull that 
happens where the teams request more resources while we always go deep into understanding 
whether we should take on that additional cost or not. 
 So those are the two sources that come. Advertising and promotion, in our case, is much, much 
more of a variable cost, meaning we are able to turn on and turn off the tap of performance 
marketing and brand marketing because we are -- largely the spends are digital. So when we run 
experiments and they pan out, we double down. When we run experiments and they don't work 
out, we kill them very quickly. 
 So these spikes where it will not result in revenue will come and go, but the spikes where they 
will generate consistent revenue will happen steadily because that takes time to discover, 
especially given the digital marketing methods keep evolving so fast with generative AI, people 
searching on OpenAI, people searching on YouTube instead of Google, people looking inside 
Instagram, hashtags. 
===== PAGE 18 =====
  Wakefit Innovations 
Limited  February 11, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 17
 
 
 
 So it changes very, very fast, and we have to be on top through constant experimentation and 
constant spends. So there is no getting away from that, unfortunately. 
Deepak: Sure. Understood. Sir, can you share what the ad spend were in this quarter as a percentage of 
sales? 
C. Ramalingegowda: Similar to the first 6 months, which is about mid-5% or so. 
Deepak: Okay. And lastly, on the furniture segment, we understand that we are working at a very low 
profitability there. So with the manufacturing and the logistics -led changes that you're making, 
are we in the path to be EBITDA positive in the furniture segment n ext year? Or will it be the 
year later, say, FY '28? 
C. Ramalingegowda: It would be incorrect to look at the complete furniture category as a monolithic single category. 
Within that also, there are subcategories related to the best -selling SKUs, best -selling 
subcategories like our bed frames and our wardrobes and our sofas are  very, very big 
contributors to revenue. In some of these categories, we are already EBITDA positive. 
 In the long tail, where we are still building the SKUs, completing the catalog, there, some of the 
investments are continuing to happen. So that is the reason furniture as a whole is a wrong way 
to look. The Pareto where huge volumes are happening, they ar e already EBITDA positive in 
our estimation of central costs below contribution margin. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, we would take that as the last question for today. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for their closing remarks. 
C. Ramalingegowda: Thank you so much for all of you to invest the time and try to understand our business. We 
appreciate your time. We hope to continue to give you updates about the business every quarter 
and take you along on the journey of building Wakefit together. Thanks a lot for your time. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of IIFL Capital, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 