
=== PAGE 1 ===
 
 
 
BCL/CS/26-27/Reg-34(1)                                                                              10 JUL 2026 
 
BSE Ltd. The Manager, 
Corporate Relationship Department, Listing Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Rotunda Building, Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Fort, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI-400 001 MUMBAI-400 051 
 
Company’s Scrip Code: 500060 Company’s Scrip Code: BIRLACABLE  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Annual Report of the Company for the financial year 2025-26 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), please find enclosed herewith the 
Annual Report of the Company for the Financial Year 2025-26 including the Notice of 
Thirty Fourth (34th) Annual General Meeting of the Company scheduled to be held on 
Monday, August 3, 2026 at 4.45 P.M. at the Registered Office of the Company at Udyog 
Vihar, P.O. Chorhata, Rewa - 486 006 (M.P.). 
 
The Annual Report including the Notice of AGM is being sent through electronic mode to 
all those Members whose e-mail address(es) are registered with the Company or Registrar 
and Share Transfer Agents (RTA) of the Company or respective Depository Participants 
(DPs). Further, in accordance with Regulation 36(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, a letter 
providing the web-link, including the exact path, where complete details of the Annual 
Report 2025-26 including Notice of AGM are available on Company’s website, is being sent 
to those Members who have not registered their e-mail address(es) with the 
Company/RTA/DPs. 
 
The Annual Report will also be available on the website of the Company, 
https://www.birlacable.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Birla Cable Limited 
 
 
(Suman) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
=== PAGE 2 ===
[NO TEXT ON PAGE]
=== PAGE 3 ===
[NO TEXT ON PAGE]
=== PAGE 4 ===
BIRLA CABLE LIMITED
ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
SHRI HARSH V. LODHA Chairman
SHRI DHAN RAJ BANSAL
SHRI BACHH RAJ NAHAR
SMT. KIRAN AGGARWAL
SHRI PANDANDA KARIAPPA MADAPPA
SHRI RAVINDRA PRATAP SINGH
AUDIT COMMITTEE
SHRI BACHH RAJ NAHAR Chairman
SHRI PANDANDA KARIAPPA MADAPPA
SMT. KIRAN AGGARWAL
MANAGER & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
SHRI R. SRIDHARAN (Upto January 19, 2026)
MANAGER & CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
SHRI SOMESH LADDHA
(Appointed as Manager w.e.f. May 22, 2026)
COMPANY SECRETARY
MS. SUMAN
AUDITORS
MESSRS V. SANKAR AIYAR & CO.
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
NEW DELHI
BANKERS
STATE BANK OF INDIA
IDBI BANK LTD.
HDFC BANK LTD.
RBL BANK LTD.
REGISTERED OFFICE
UDYOG VIHAR,
P.O. CHORHATA
REWA-486006 (M.P.), INDIA
Phone : (07662) 400 580
Fax : (07662) 400 680
Email : 
headoffice@birlacable.com
Website : www.birlacable.com
CIN : L31300MP1992PLC007190
PAN : AABCB1380L
CONTENTS PAGE NO.
Notice 1-19
Directors’ Report 20-39
Management Discussion and Analysis 40-44
Report on Corporate Governance 45-63
Independent Auditor’s Certificate on
Corporate Governance 64
Independent Auditor’s Report 65-73
Balance Sheet 74
Statement of Profit and Loss 75
Cash Flow Statement 76-77
Statement of Changes in Equity 78
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements 79-113
Independent Auditor’s Report on
Consolidated Financial Statements 114-119
Consolidated Balance Sheet 120
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 121
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 122-123
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 124
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 125-151
Statement Containing Salient Features of
Financial Statement of a Subsidiary 152
Proxy Form 153
Attendance Slip 155

=== PAGE 5 ===
160
BIRLA CABLE
=== PAGE 6 ===
1
BIRLA CABLE
NOTICE
NOTICE is hereby given that the Thirty Fourth (34th) Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Members of Birla Cable Limited will be held
on Monday, August 3, 2026 at 4.45 P.M. at the Registered Office of the Company at Udyog Vihar, P.O. Chorhata, Rewa – 486 006 (M.P.)
to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. To receive, consider and adopt the audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended
March 31, 2026 together with the Reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon.
2. To receive, consider and adopt the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended
March 31, 2026 together with the Reports of Auditors thereon.
3. To declare dividend on equity shares for the financial year ended March 31, 2026.
4. To appoint a Director in place of Shri Dhan Raj Bansal (DIN: 00050612), who retires by rotation at this Annual General
Meeting in terms of Section 152(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act,
2013 and Rules framed thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in
force) and Regulation 17(1A) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time, Shri Dhan Raj Bansal (DIN: 00050612) Director of the Company, who is
more than seventy-five years of age and retires by rotation at this Annual General Meeting, be and is hereby re-appointed as
a Director of the Company, whose period of office shall be liable to determination by retirement of Directors by rotation.”
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
5. Appointment of Shri Somesh Laddha as the Manager of the Company for a term of three (3) consecutive years with
effect from May 22, 2026 to May 21, 2029 along with remuneration.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED that in accordance with the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198 and 203 read with Schedule V and all other
applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)
Rules, 2014 and/or SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) as amended
from time to time, approval of the members be and is hereby accorded for the appointment of Shri Somesh Laddha as the
Manager designated as Manager & CFO of the Company for a term of three (3) consecutive years with effect from May 22,
2026 to May 21, 2029, on the terms and conditions including remuneration as set out in the draft Agreement, the main terms
and conditions of which are set out in the Statement attached to this Notice (including the remuneration to be paid in the event
of loss or inadequacy of profits in any financial year during the tenure of his appointment), to be entered into between the
Company and Shri Somesh Laddha and submitted for approval of Members, be and is hereby specifically approved with
liberty to the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as “the Board”, which term shall be deemed to include
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee or any other Committee of the Board constituted to exercise its powers including
powers conferred by this Resolution) to alter and vary the remuneration payable to Shri Somesh Laddha during his said tenure
as the Manager of the Company in such manner as may be agreed to between the Board and Shri Somesh Laddha.
FURTHER RESOLVED that the Board be and is hereby authorised and empowered to approve annual increments in Basic
Salary, Special Allowance, Performance Linked Incentive with consequential increase in perquisites and benefits, etc. effective
from July 1
st each financial year as considered appropriate from time to time subject to limits, if any, prescribed under Section
197, 198, Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules framed thereunder and/or
under Listing Regulations, as amended from time to time or in such manner as may be permissible under relevant laws, rules,
regulations, guidelines or instructions as may be promulgated or issued after the date of this Notice and in force from time to
time.
FURTHER RESOLVED that the Board be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things and execute
all such agreements, documents, instruments and writing as may be required or considered necessary, appropriate, expedient
or desirable to give effect to this resolution.”
=== PAGE 7 ===
2
BIRLA CABLE
6. Ratification of Remuneration of Cost Auditors
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
read with Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, including any statutory modification(s) or amendment(s)
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force, and such other provisions as may be applicable, the remuneration
payable to Messrs D. Sabyasachi & Co., Cost Accountants (Registration No. 000369), appointed by the Board of Directors as
the Cost Auditors of the Company, based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, to conduct audit of the cost records
maintained by the Company for the financial year ending on March 31, 2027, amounting to ` 1,00,000/- (Rupees One Lakh
only) plus applicable Goods and Services Tax and reimbursement of actual out of pocket and travelling expenses that may be
incurred in connection with the aforesaid cost audit, be and is hereby ratified.
FURTHER RESOLVED that any one of Directors, Manager & CFO and the Company Secretary of the Company be and are
hereby severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things and take all such steps as may be considered
necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this Resolution.”
Registered Office: By Order of the Board of Directors
Udyog Vihar, For Birla Cable Limited
P.O. Chorhata,
Rewa - 486 006 (M.P.)
Suman
Date: May 22, 2026 Company Secretary
=== PAGE 8 ===
3
BIRLA CABLE
NOTES FOR MEMBERS’ ATTENTION
1. The Statement setting out the material facts pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, relating to the Special
Businesses to be transacted at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) is annexed to the Notice.
2. A MEMBER ENTITLED TO ATTEND AND VOTE AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IS ENTITLED TO APPOINT A
PROXY TO ATTEND AND VOTE ON A POLL INSTEAD OF HIMSELF OR HERSELF AND THE PROXY NEED NOT BE A
MEMBER OF THE COMPANY. The instrument appointing Proxies, in order to be effective, must be received in the annexed
Proxy Form at the Registered Office of the Company not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time fixed for commencement
of the AGM, i.e. by 4.45 P.M. on August 1, 2026.
A person shall not act as Proxy on behalf of members for more than Fifty (50) in number and holding in the aggregate not more
than ten percent of the total share capital of the Company carrying voting rights. A member holding more than ten percent of
the total share capital of the Company carrying voting rights may appoint a single person as proxy and such person shall not
act as proxy for any other person or member.
3. Members/Proxies are requested to deposit the Attendance Slip duly filled in and signed for attending the AGM. Members/
Proxies/Authorised Representatives are requested to carry valid ID proof such as PAN, Voter Card, Driving Licence, Aadhar
Card alongwith the Attendance Slip duly filled in for attending the Meeting. In case of joint holders attending the AGM, only one
such joint holder whose name appears first in the joint holders list will be entitled to vote. Corporate members, Institutional
Investors, Societies, etc. intending to attend the AGM through their authorised representatives are requested to send to the
Company or Scrutinizer, a certified copy of the Board Resolution, Power of Attorney or such other valid authorisations, authorising
them to attend and vote on their behalf at the AGM. Members who hold shares in dematerialised form are requested to bring
their DP ID and Client ID Number for easier identification of attendance at the AGM.
4. During the period beginning twenty-four (24) hours before the time fixed for the commencement of the AGM and ending with
the conclusion of the AGM, a Member would be entitled to inspect the proxies lodged at any time during the business hours of
the Company. All relevant documents referred to in the accompanying Notice and the Statement shall be open for inspection
by the Members at the Registered Office of the Company during normal business hours on all working days except Saturdays,
upto and including the date of the AGM. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding
maintained under Section 170 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which Directors
are interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Companies Act, 2013 will be available for inspection during the AGM at
the Registered Office of the Company.
5. Messrs V. Sankar Aiyar & Co., Chartered Accountants, were appointed as the Statutory Auditors by the members at the
Thirtieth (30
th) AGM of the Company held on September 23, 2022 for a term of five (5) consecutive years until the conclusion
of Thirty fifth (35th) AGM of the Company to be held for the financial year 2026-27 as per the provisions of Section 139 of the
Companies Act, 2013 and Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended.
6. Dividend and related information
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on May 22, 2026, has recommended a dividend of ` 1.25/- per
equity share of face value ` 10/- each fully paid up i.e. 12.50%, for the financial year 2025-26. The Company has fixed July 27,
2026 as the “Record Date” for the purposes of the AGM and determining the names of members eligible for dividend on equity
shares, if declared at the AGM.
7. If the dividend as recommended by the Board of Directors is declared at the AGM, payment of such dividend will be made on
or before August 31, 2026 as under:
(a) To all Beneficial Owners in respect of shares held in dematerialised form as per the data as may be made available by the
National Securities Depository Limited and the Central Depository Services (India) Limited as of the close of business
hours on July 27, 2026; and
(b) To all Members in respect of shares held in physical form as per Register of Members as on July 27, 2026 after giving
effect to valid transmission/transposition or transfers, if any, in respect of transfer requests lodged with the Company on
or before the close of business hours on July 27, 2026.
8. As per the Income Tax Act, 2025, (“IT Act”) read together with Income Tax Rules, 2026, dividends paid or distributed by the
Company during the Tax Year 2026-27 shall be taxable in the hands of the Shareholders. Your Company shall, therefore, be
required to deduct tax at source at the time of making the payment of the Dividend as recommended by the Board of Directors
and declared by the members in the Annual General Meeting (AGM). The members are requested to refer the governing
provisions of the Income Tax Act, 2025 and rules framed thereunder for the prescribed rates of tax deduction at source for
various categories. The withholding tax rate would vary depending on the residential status, category of the shareholder and
is subject to provision of requisite declarations/documents to the Company. The relevant provisions to this effect under the
Income Tax Act, 2025 are succinctly given herein
:
=== PAGE 9 ===
4
BIRLA CABLE
A. RESIDENT SHAREHOLDERS:
A.1 No tax will be deducted on payment of dividend to the resident individual shareholder if the total dividend, paid during the  Tax
Year 2026-27, does not exceed ` 10,000/-.
A.2 Tax deductible at source for Resident Shareholders (other than resident individual shareholders receiving dividend not exceeding
` 10,000 during Tax Year 2026-27)
Sl. No. Particulars Withholding Declaration /
tax rate documents required
(i) Valid PAN updated with the Depository Participant in case 10% N.A.
shares are held in dematerialized form; or Registrar and
Transfer Agents (‘RTA’) in case shares are held in physical
form and no exemption sought by Shareholder
(ii) No / Invalid PAN with the Depository Participant in case 20% N.A.
shares are held in dematerialized form; or RTA in case
shares are held in physical form and no exemption sought
by Shareholder
(iii) Av ailability of lower/nil tax deduction certificate issued
by the Income Tax Department under Section 395(1) of the
IT Act
 
A.3 Nil Tax Deductible at Source on dividend payment to Resident Shareholders, if the Shareholders submit documents mentioned
in table below with the Company/RTA
Sl. No. Particulars Declaration / documents required
(i) An Individual having dividend income more than ` 10,000
and furnishing Form 121
(ii) Shareholders to whom section 393(1) of the IT Act does not
apply, such as LIC, GIC, Business Trust (REIT, InVIT), etc.
(iii) Shar eholder covered under Section 393(5) of the IT Act such
as Government, RBI, Mutual Funds specified under
Schedule VII to Section 11 of the IT Act, corporations
established by Central Act and exempt from Income Tax
(iv) Business Trust (i.e. Infrastructure Investment Fund and real
Estate Investment Fund registered under SEBI)
(v) Category I and II Alternative Investment Fund (AIF)
(vi) Any other entity exempt from withholding tax under the
provisions of Section 393(6) of the IT Act
 
• Copy of PAN card (refer point iii to the Notes below)
• Declaration in Form No. 121, fulfilling prescribed
conditions.
• Copy of PAN card.
• Self-declaration along with adequate documentary
evidence (e.g., registration certificate), to the effect
that the no tax withholding is required as per
provisions of Section 393(1) of the IT Act.
• Copy of PAN card.
• Self-declaration along with adequate documentary
evidence, substantiating applicability of Section
393(5) of the IT Act.
• Copy of PAN card.
• Self-declaration along with adequate documentary
evidence substantiating the nature.
• Copy of PAN card.
• Self-declaration that AIF’s income is exempt under
Schedule V to Section 11 of the IT Act and they
are governed by SEBI regulations as applicable to
Category I or Category II AIFs, along with copy of
registration certificate.
• Copy of PAN card.
• Self-declaration along with adequate documentary
evidence, substantiating the nature of the entity.
• Copy of the lower tax withholding certificate
obtained from the Income Tax Department.
• Copy of PAN card
• Copy of lower tax
withholding certificate
obtained from the
Income Tax
Department
Rate specified in Lower
tax withholding
certificate obtained from
the Income Tax
Department
=== PAGE 10 ===
5
BIRLA CABLE
B. NON-RESIDENT SHAREHOLDERS:
Tax deductible at source for non-resident shareholders.
Sl. No. Particulars Withholding Declaration /
tax rate documents required
(i) Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs)
(ii) Alternative Investment Fund -
Category III located in International
Financial Services Centre
(iii) Other Non-resident shareholders
(except those who are tax residents
of Notified Jurisdictional Area)
20% (plus applicable
surcharge and cess)
or tax treaty rate
whichever is
beneficial
10% (plus applicable
surcharge and
cess)#
20% (plus applicable
surcharge and cess)
or tax treaty rate
whichever is
beneficial
• Copy of PAN card (if available).
• Self-declaration.
• Copy of Tax Residency certificate issued by revenue
authority of country of residence of shareholder for
the Tax Year 2026-27 (covering the period from April
1, 2026 to March 31, 2027).
• Shareholders need to mandatorily provide digital
Form 41 covering the period from April 1, 2026 to
March 31, 2027.
(Note: Application of beneficial Tax Treaty Rate shall
depend upon the completeness and satisfactory
review by the Company of the documents submitted
by the non-resident shareholders. In case the
documents are found to be incomplete, the Company
reserves the right to not consider the tax rate
prescribed under the tax treaty).
• Copy of PAN card (if available).
• Self-declaration along with adequate documentary
evidence substantiating the nature of the entity.
To avail beneficial rate of tax treaty following tax
documents would be required:
• Copy of PAN card (if available).
• Copy of Tax Residency certificate issued by revenue
authority of country of residence of shareholder for
the Tax Year 2026-27 (covering the period from April
1, 2026 to March 31, 2027).
• Shareholders needs to mandatorily provide digital
Form 41 covering the period from April 1, 2026 to
March 31, 2027.
• Self-declaration for non-existence of permanent
establishment / fixed base / business connection in
India, place of effective management, beneficial
ownership and eligibility to avail tax treaty benefit [on
shareholder’s letterhead]. 
• In case of shareholder being tax resident of
Singapore, please furnish the letter issued by the
competent authority or any other evidences
demonstrating the non-applicability of Article 24 -
Limitation of Relief under India-Singapore Double
Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA).
(Note: Application of beneficial Tax Treaty Rate shall
depend upon the completeness and satisfactory
review by the Company of the documents submitted
by the non-resident shareholders. In case the
documents are found to be incomplete, the Company
reserves the right to not consider the tax rate
prescribed under the tax treaty).
=== PAGE 11 ===
6
BIRLA CABLE
Sl. No. Particulars Withholding Declaration /
tax rate documents required
(iv) Non-Resident Shareholders who are
tax residents of Notified
Jurisdictional Area as defined under
Section 176(1) of the IT Act
(v) Sovereign Wealth funds and
Pension funds notified by Central
Government specified under
Schedule V to Section 11 of the IT
Act
(vi) A Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Abu
Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA)
as prescribed specified under
Schedule V to Section 11 of the IT
Act
(vii) Availability of Lower/NIL tax
deduction certificate issued by the
Income Tax Department under
Section 395(1) of the IT Act
#In case PAN is not updated with the Company’s RTA or depository; or PAN is not available; and information sought in the
declaration are not provided, higher rate of withholding tax as per Section 397(2) shall be applied.
Notes:
(i) It may be noted that the aforementioned documents are required to be submitted to Company’s Registrar and Share
Transfer Agents (RTA), MUFG Intime India Private Limited at its dedicated link mentioned below -
https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/formsreg/submission-of-Form-121-41.html on or before July 27, 2026 at 17:00 Hrs. Indian
Standard Time (IST) in order to enable the Company to determine and deduct appropriate TDS / withholding tax rate.
(ii) The Company will issue soft copy of the TDS certificate to its shareholders through email registered with the Depository
Participant / RTA post payment of the dividend. Shareholders will be able to download the tax credit statement by
logging in with their credentials at TRACES website, 
https://traces.tdscpc.gov.in/ or from the Income Tax Department's
website, https://eportal.incometax.gov.in/iec/foservices/#/login (Refer Form 168 - Annual Information Statement).
(iii) The aforesaid documents such as Form 121, documents under Section(s) 393(5), 393(6), FPI Registration Certificate,
Tax Residency Certificate, Lower Tax certificate etc. can be sent by email to bcldivtax@in.mpms.mufg.com on or before
July 27, 2026 to enable the Company to determine the appropriate withholding tax rate applicable on a case to case
basis. In case where copy of documents (such as, PAN card, Registration certificate, etc.) is provided, the copy should
be self-attested by the Shareholder or its authorized signatory. Any communication in relation to tax rate determination/
deduction received post July 27, 2026 shall not be considered.
(iv) As per Section 262 of the IT Act, every person who has been allotted a PAN and who is eligible to obtain Aadhaar, shall
be required to link the PAN with Aadhaar. In case of failure to comply to this, the PAN allotted shall be deemed to be
invalid/inoperative and tax shall be deducted at the rate of 20% as per the provisions of Section 397(2) of the IT Act. The
Company will be using functionality of the Income-tax department for the above purpose. Shareholders may visit
https://www.incometax.gov.in/iec/foportal/help/e-filing-link-aadhaar-faq for FAQ issued by the Government on PAN Aadhar
linking.
(v) Clearing member should ensure that as on record date no shares are lying in their account and shares are transferred
to respective shareholder’s account so that dividend is credited directly to shareholder’s account and not to the clearing
member’s account.
(vi) Determination of withholding tax rate is subject to necessary verification by the Company of the shareholder details as
available with the Depository Participant in case shares are held in dematerialized form; or RTA in case shares are held
in physical form as on the Record Date, and other documents available with the Company / RTA. In this respect, the
Company reserves the right to independently verify the PAN number of the shareholder from the National Securities
Depository Limited (‘NSDL’) utility and if the same is found contrary to the PAN quoted/provided, the Company will
disregard the PAN and proceed as per the prevalent law.
30%
NIL
NIL
Rate specified in
Lower tax withholding
certificate obtained
from the Income Tax
Department
NA
• Copy of the notification issued by CBDT substantiating
the applicability of Schedule V (Table Sl. No. 7) of
the IT Act issued by the Government of India.
• Self-Declaration  that the conditions specified under
Schedule V read with Section 11 of the IT Act have
been complied with.
Self-Declaration that substantiating the fulfilment of
conditions specified under Schedule V read with Section
11 of the IT Act.
Copy of the lower tax withholding certificate obtained
from the Income Tax Department.
=== PAGE 12 ===
7
BIRLA CABLE
(vii) Shareholders holding shares under multiple accounts under different residential status/category and single PAN, may
note that, higher of the tax rate as applicable to different residential status/category will be considered for their entire
shareholding under different accounts.
(viii) The documents furnished by the shareholders (such as Form 121, TRC, Form 41, Self-Attested Declaration etc.) shall
be subject to review and examination by the Company and/or its Registrar & Share Transfer Agents before granting any
beneficial rate or NIL Rate. The Company reserves the right to reject the documents in case of any discrepancies, or the
documents are found to be incomplete.
(ix) In case withholding tax is deducted at a higher rate, an option is still available with the shareholder to file the return of
income and claim an appropriate refund. No claim shall lie against Company for any taxes deducted by the Company.
(x) In the event of any income tax demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) arising from any misrepresentation, inaccuracy
or omission of information provided by the shareholder, the shareholder will be responsible for indemnifying the Company
and also, provide the Company with all information/documents and co-operation in any tax proceedings.
(xi) This Communication is not exhaustive and does not purport to be a complete analysis or listing of all potential tax
consequences in the matter of dividend payment. Shareholders should consult their tax advisors for requisite action to
be taken by them.
(xii) In case of any discrepancy in documents submitted by the shareholder, the Company will deduct tax at higher rate as
applicable, without any further communication in this regard.
(xiii) In terms of Rule 203 of the Income Tax Rules, 2026, if dividend income on which tax has been deducted at source is
assessable in the hands of a person other than the deductee, then such deductee should file declaration with Company
in the manner prescribed in the Rules.
(xiv) All communications/queries in this respect should be addressed and sent to Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer
Agents, MUFG Intime India Private Limited at its email address 
bcldivtax@in.mpms.mufg.com.
Disclaimer:
This Communication is not to be treated as an advice from the Company or its affiliates or MUFG Intime India Private Limited.
Shareholders should obtain the tax advice related to their tax matters from a tax professional.
9. Members holding shares in dematerialised form may please note that their bank account details as furnished by the respective
depositories to the Company will be considered for payment/remittance of dividend as per the applicable regulations of the
Depositories. The Company or its Registrar and Share Transfer Agents will neither entertain nor act on any direct request from
such members for change/deletion in such bank account details. Further, instructions, if any, already given by them in respect
of shares held in physical form, will not be automatically applicable to the dividend to be paid on shares held in dematerialised
form. Members may therefore, give instructions regarding bank account details in which they wish to receive dividend to the
Depository Participants. Members holding shares in physical form are requested to advise any change in their address or
bank mandates to the Company/Registrar and Share Transfer Agents in requisite Form ISR-1 along with required documents.
10. Non-resident Indian Members are requested to inform Depositories/Registrar and Share Transfer Agents, as the case may
be, immediately of:
(i) the change in the residential status on return to India for permanent Settlement; and
(ii) the particulars of their bank account maintained in India with complete name, branch, account type, account number
and address of the bank with pin code number, if not furnished earlier.
11. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) vide its various Circulars issued from time to time, to the Registrar and
Share Transfer Agents has specified Common and Simplified Norms for processing Investor’s Service Requests. The members
holding shares in Physical form are mandatorily require to record their PAN, KYC i.e. Address with PIN Code, Mobile Number,
Bank Account details, Specimen Signatures etc. along with Nomination details with the Company/Registrar and Share Transfer
Agents (RTA) of the Company. Further, the security holders (holding securities in physical form), whose folio(s) do not have
PAN or Contact Details or Mobile Number or Bank Account Details or Specimen Signature updated, shall be eligible for any
payment including dividend, interest or redemption in respect of such folios, only through electronic mode, upon their furnishing
all the aforesaid details in entirety.
Members may please note that:
(a) In case of Non-updation of PAN or Contact Details or Mobile Number or Bank Account Details or Specimen Signature
in respect of physical folios, dividend shall be paid only through electronic mode with effect from April 1, 2024 upon
furnishing all the aforesaid details in entirety.
(b) If a security holder updates the PAN, Contact Details including Mobile Number, Bank Account Details and Specimen
Signature after April 1, 2024, then the security holder would receive all the dividends declared during that period (from
April 1, 2024 till date of updation) pertaining to the securities held after the said updation automatically.
=== PAGE 13 ===
8
BIRLA CABLE
The Company has sent necessary communication in this regard to all the members holding shares in physical mode. The
relevant formats for updation of PAN, KYC and Nomination details viz. Forms ISR-1, ISR-2, ISR-3, SH-13, SH-14 are available
on Company’s website as well as the website of RTA.
The concerned members/shareholders are therefore advised to submit the PAN, KYC and Nomination details at the earliest to
the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agents, MUFG Intime India Private Limited.
12. Special Window for Re-lodgement of Transfer Requests of Physical Shares:
Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. HO/38/13/11(2)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3750/2026 (‘SEBI Circular’) dated January 30, 2026, a
Special Window for transfer and dematerialisation (“demat”) of physical securities has been opened for a period of one year
from February 5, 2026 to February 4, 2027, for those investors who had sold/purchased physical securities of the Company
prior to April 1, 2019; and (i) had not lodged the physical securities for transfer; or (ii) had lodged the physical securities  for
transfer but the same were rejected/returned/not attended to due to deficiency in the documents/process/or otherwise.
For more clarity with regard to applicability of this window, please refer below matrix:
Execution Date of Lodged for transfer Original Security Eligible to lodge in
Transfer Deed before April 1, 2019? Certificate Available? the current window?
Before April 1, 2019 No (it is fresh lodgement) Yes 9
Before April 1, 2019 Yes (it was rejected/returned earlier) Yes 9
Before April 1, 2019 Yes No ×
Before April 1, 2019 No No ×
The securities so transferred shall be mandatorily credited to the transferee only in demat mode and shall be under lock-in for
a period of one year from the date of registration of transfer. Such securities shall not be transferred/lien-marked/pledged
during the said lock-in period. The cases involving disputes between transferor and transferee; and securities which have
been transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) shall not be considered under this window for processing.
Shareholders are encouraged to take advantage of this opportunity by furnishing the Original Security Certificates, Share
Transfer Deed, Client Master List (CML) and all other documents listed in the aforesaid SEBI Circular, to the Company’s
Registrar and Share Transfer Agents (‘RTA’), i.e. MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Unit: Birla Cable Limited), C-101,
Embassy 247, LBS Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400083.
13. SEBI, vide its Circular No. HO/38/13(3)2026-MIRSDPOD/I/3763/2026 dated January 30, 2026, has mandated listed companies
to credit securities directly to the demat account of the investor while processing service requests viz. Issue of duplicate
securities certificate; claim from unclaimed suspense account; renewal/ exchange of securities certificate; endorsement;
subdivision/ splitting of securities certificates; consolidation of folios; transmission and transposition. Under the revised framework
effective from April 2, 2026, RTA shall directly credit securities to the demat account of the investor, after carrying out necessary
due diligence. The issuance of a ‘Letter of Confirmation’ has been discontinued. Accordingly, Members are requested to make
service requests by submitting a duly filled and signed Form ISR – 4, the format of which is available on the Company’s
website and on the website of the Registrar and Share Transfer Agents (RTA) of the Company. It may be noted that any
service request can be processed only after the folio is KYC Compliant. It may be noted that Investor service requests shall be
accompanied with a copy of latest Client Master List (CML) of the demat account, not older than two months and duly attested
by the Depository Participant.
14. SEBI has established a common Online Dispute Resolution Portal (“ODR Portal” – 
https://smartodr.in/login) which harnesses
online conciliation and online arbitration for resolution of disputes arising in the Indian Securities Market. An investor/clie nt
shall first take up his/her/their grievance by lodging a complaint directly with the Company. If the grievance is not redressed
satisfactorily, the investor/client may, in accordance with the SCORES guidelines, escalate the same through the SCORES
Portal in accordance with the process laid out therein. After exhausting all available options for resolution of the grievance,  if
the investor/client is still not satisfied with the outcome, he/she/they can initiate dispute resolution through the ODR Portal . In
compliance with the SEBI guidelines, the Company had sent communication intimating about the said Dispute Resolution
Mechanism to all the members.
15. Members are requested to note that the Company’s shares are under compulsory demat trading for all the investors. Therefore,
the members holding equity shares of the Company in physical form are advised to dematerialize their shareholdings. The
Company has connectivity from NSDL and CDSL and equity shares of the Company may be held in the electronic form with
any Depository Participant (DP) with whom the members/investors are having their demat account. The ISIN No. for the
Equity Shares of the Company is INE800A01015. In case of any query/difficulty in any matter relating thereto may be addressed
to the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agents.
=== PAGE 14 ===
9
BIRLA CABLE
16. As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 19(1) of the Companies (Share Capital and
Debentures) Rules, 2014 and SEBI Master Circular dated February 6, 2026  issued to the Registrar and Share Transfer
Agents, the facility for making nomination is available for the Members in respect of shares held by them. Members who have
not yet registered their nomination are requested to register the same by submitting Form No. SH-13. If a member desires to
opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh nomination, he/she may submit the same in Form ISR-3 or SH-14
as the case may be. The said form can be downloaded from the Company’s website or from the website of Registrar and
Share Transfer Agents (RTA) of the Company. Members are requested to submit the said details to their Depository Participant
in case the shares are held by them in dematerialized form and to the Registrar and Share Transfer Agents of the Company
– MUFG Intime India Private Limited in case the shares are held in physical form.
17. During the year 2025-26, the Company has transferred ` 9,74,122/- being the unpaid and unclaimed dividend amount for the
financial year 2017-18 on September 17, 2025 to the Investor Education and Protection Fund established by the Central
Government pursuant to the provisions of Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Investor Education and
Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016. Members who have so far not claimed or
encashed the dividend warrant(s) for the financial year ended March 31, 2019 or any subsequent financial years, are requested
to write to the Company or its Registrar and Share Transfer Agents, MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Unit: Birla Cable
Limited), C-101, Embassy 247, LBS Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400083, e-mail ID: 
investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com,
for claiming dividends declared by the Company. Details of unpaid/unclaimed dividend amounts lying with the Company are
available on the website of the Company, 
https://www.birlacable.com.
As per Section 124(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting,
Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, all the shares in respect of which dividend has not been encashed or claimed for
seven consecutive years or more shall be transferred to designated Demat Account of the IEPF Authority (“IEPF Account”)
within a period of thirty (30) days of such shares becoming due to be transferred to the IEPF Account. Accordingly, the
Company has transferred 106967 Equity Shares to the IEPF Account on October 4, 2025 after following the prescribed
procedure.
The Members whose unclaimed dividends and/or equity shares have been transferred to IEPF may claim the same by
approaching the Company or RTA for issuance of Entitlement Letter on submission of required documents. The Members
may then make an application to the IEPF Authority, in web Form IEPF-5 (available on 
www.iepf.gov.in) by attaching the
Entitlement Letter and other documents.
18. The Company had participated in the “Saksham Niveshak”, a 100-day campaign, initiative taken by the Investor Education
and Protection Authority (IEPFA), from July 28, 2025 to November 6, 2025 and has now again participated in the Second 100-
Day Campaign - “Saksham Niveshak” running from April 1, 2026 to July 9, 2026. This campaign aimed to help shareholders
to update their KYC details, bank mandates and contact information to facilitate direct payment of unpaid/unclaimed dividends
to the rightful shareholders and to prevent transfer of unpaid or unclaimed dividends/shares to Investor Education and Protection
Fund (“IEPF”), pursuant to guidelines issued by the Investor’s Education and Protection Fund Authority (“IEPFA”), Ministry of
Corporate Affairs (“MCA”).
As a part of the campaign, the Company has published newspaper advertisement to create awareness among shareholders
and the same has also been hosted on the Company’s website to facilitate wider dissemination of information to the shareholders.
19. This Notice of the AGM along with the Attendance Slip, Proxy Form, Route map of the venue of the Meeting and the Annual
Report 2025-26 of the Company are being sent by e-mail to all the members whose e-mail addresses (IDs) are registered with
the Company/Registrar and Share Transfer Agents/respective Depository Participant(s) unless any member has requested in
writing for a hard /physical copy of the same. Further, as per Regulation 36(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, a letter providi ng
the weblink where the complete details of the Annual Report for the financial year 2025-26 is available, will be sent to those
shareholders who have not registered their e-mail address with the Company/Registrar and Share Transfer Agents/Depository
Participant(s). The Notice of AGM alongwith the Annual Report for the financial year 2025-26 is also available on the Company’s
website at 
https://www.birlacable.com, website of stock exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchanges of
India Limited at https://www.bseindia.com and https://www.nseindia.com respectively. The AGM Notice is also available on the
website of Central Depository Services Limited at https://www.evotingindia.com. Members, who wish to update or register their
e-mail addresses, in case of Demat holding, may please contact the Depository Participant (DP) and register their e-mail address,
as per the process advised by the DP; and in case of Physical holding, may send a request in requisite Form ISR-1 along with
necessary documents to the Registrar and Share Transfer Agents of the Company - MUFG Intime India Private Limited.
20. Members desirous of obtaining any information on Annual Financial Statements of the Company at the AGM are requested to
write to the Company atleast one week (7 days) before the date of the AGM, so that the information required may be made
available at the AGM.
21. Information pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
and the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) in respect of the Director/Manager seeking re-appointment/
appointment at the ensuing AGM is furnished in Annexure ‘A’ which forms an integral part of the Notice. The Director/
Manager has furnished the requisite consent/declaration for their re-appointment/appointment.
=== PAGE 15 ===
10
BIRLA CABLE
22. MUFG Intime India Private Limited, C-101, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400 083 continues to act in
the capacity of Registrar and Share Transfer Agents of the Company. MUFG Intime India Private Limited is also the depository
interface of the Company with both NSDL and CDSL. Members are requested to address all correspondences, including dividend
matters, to the said Registrar and Share Transfer Agents.
Members are also informed that ‘SWAYAM’ a secure, user-friendly web-based application has been developed by MUFG
Intime India Private Limited, the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agents, that empowers shareholders to effortlessly
access various services. This application can be accessed at 
https://swayam.in.mpms.mufg.com/ which offers the
following functionalities:
• Effective Resolution of Service Request - Generate and Track Service Requests/Complaints through SWAYAM.
• Features - A user-friendly GUI.
• Track Corporate Actions like Dividend/Interest/Bonus/split.
• PAN-based investments - Provides access to PAN linked accounts, Company wise holdings and security valuations.
• Effortlessly Raise request for Unpaid Amounts.
• Self-service portal – for securities held in demat mode and physical securities, whose folios are KYC compliant.
• Statements - View entire holdings and status of corporate benefits.
• Two-factor authentication (2FA) at Login - Enhances security for investors.
23. CDSL e-Voting System – For Remote e-Voting
(i) In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 (as amended), the Company is providing facility of Remote e-Voting (“Remote e-Voting is the facility of
casting the votes by the Members using an electronic voting system for a place other than venue of the AGM on resolutions
proposed to be considered at the AGM and as such all business may be transacted through Remote e-Voting”) to its Members
in respect of the businesses to be transacted at the AGM.
(ii) The Company has engaged the services of Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) for facilitating voting through
electronic means, as the authorized Remote e-Voting’s agency. The Members who have cast their votes by Remote e-Voting
prior to the AGM may also attend the AGM but shall not be entitled to cast their votes again. The AGM Notice is also disseminated
on the website of CDSL i.e. 
https://www.evotingindia.com.
(iii) The Remote e-Voting period shall commence on Friday, July 31, 2026 at 9.00 A.M. and end on Sunday, August 2, 2026
at 5.00 P.M. During this period, Members of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized
form, as on the cut-off date (record date) of i.e. July 27, 2026, may cast their votes electronically. The Remote e-Voting
facility shall be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter and will not be allowed beyond the said date and time. Once the
vote on a resolution is cast by the member, the member shall not be allowed to change it subsequently. A person who is
not a member as on the cut-off date should treat this Notice of AGM for information purposes only. The voting rights of the
members shall be reckoned in proportion to their shareholding in the total paid-up equity share capital of the Company as
on the cut-off date i.e. July 27, 2026.
(iv) Any person who acquires shares of the Company and becomes member of the Company after dispatch of the Notice and
holding shares at the cut-off date i.e. July 27, 2026 , may obtain login id and password by sending a request at
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com. However, if a person is already registered with CDSL for Remote e-Voting, then they
can use their existing User ID and Password to cast
 the vote.
(v) In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, Remote e-Voting facility is provided to all the demat account
holders, by way of a single login credential, through their demat accounts/websites of Depositories/Depository Participants.
Demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register again with the e-Voting service providers
(ESP), thereby, not only facilitating seamless authentication but also enhancing ease and convenience of participating in
e-Voting process.
=== PAGE 16 ===
11
BIRLA CABLE
INSTRUCTIONS TO MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER:
Step 1: Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual members holding shares in
demat mode.
(vi) Individual members holding shares in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with
Depositories and Depository Participants. The Individual Members are advised to update their mobile number and e-mail-
ID address in their demat accounts in order to access Remote e-Voting facility.
(vii) Login method for Remote e-Voting for Individual members holding shares in demat mode is given below:
Type of Members Login Method
(1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing
user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any
further authentication. The URL for users to login to Easi / Easiest is
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login or visit https://www.cdslindia.com and
click on Login icon and select My Easi New (Token) Tab.
(2) After successful login, the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for
eligible companies where the e-Voting is in progress as per the information provided by
the Company. On clicking the e-Voting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page
of the e-Voting service provider for casting their vote during the Remote e-Voting period.
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service
Providers i.e. CDSL/NSDL/KARVY/MUFG, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service
providers’ website directly.
(3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/home/login.
(4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account
Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available at https://www.cdslindia.com home
page or click on https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin. The system will
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered mobile & e-mail as recorded in the
Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting
option where the e-Voting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all
e-Voting Service Providers.
(1) If the user is already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services website
of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Services is
launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under
“IDeAS” section. A new screen will open. The user will have to enter their User ID and
Password. After successful authentication, the user will be able to see e-Voting services.
Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and the user will be able to see e-
Voting page. Click on Company name or e-Voting service provider name and the user
will be re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting their vote during the
Remote e-Voting period.
(2) If the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at
https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
(3) Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once
the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available
under “Shareholder/Member” section. A new screen will open. The user will have to
enter their User ID (i.e. their sixteen-digit demat account number hold with NSDL),
Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful
authentication, the user will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein the user can
see e-Voting page. Click on Company name or e-Voting service provider name and the
user will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website for casting their vote during
the Remote e-Voting period.
Individual members
holding shares in demat
mode with NSDL
Individual members
holding shares in demat
mode with CDSL
=== PAGE 17 ===
12
BIRLA CABLE
Type of Members Login Method
(4) For OTP based login, user can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp.
User will have to enter their 8-digit DP ID, 8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code
and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and
click on login. After successful authentication, user will be redirected to NSDL Depository
site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service
provider name and user will be re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting
their vote during the Remote e-Voting period.
The user can also login using the login credentials of their demat account through their
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. After Successful login,
the user will be able to see e-Voting option. Once the user click on e-Voting option, they will
be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein they
can see e-Voting feature. Click on Company name or e-Voting service provider name and the
user will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website for casting their vote during the
Remote e-Voting period.
Important Note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget
Password option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Members holding shares in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through
Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual members Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request
holding shares in Demat at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at Toll Free No. 1800 2109 911.
mode with CDSL
Individual members Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request
holding shares in Demat at evoting@nsdl.co.in or contact at 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000.
mode with NSDL
Step 2: Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of members holding shares in physical mode and non-
individual members (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) holding shares in demat mode.
(viii) Login method for e-Voting for members holding shares in physical mode and members other than individual
members holding shares in demat mode.
(a) The members should log on to the e-Voting website https://www.evotingindia.com.
(b) Click on “Shareholders/Members” module.
(c) Now enter your User ID.
• For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID.
• For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID.
• Members holding shares in physical mode should enter Folio Number registered with the Company.
(d) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login.
(e) If the members are holding shares in demat mode and had logged on to 
https://www.evotingindia.com and voted on
an earlier e-Voting of any company, then their existing password is to be used.
(f) If the member is a first-time user follow the steps given below:
Particulars For members holding shares in physical mode and other than individual
members holding shares in Demat mode.
PAN Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric PAN issued by Income Tax Department (Applicable
for both demat account holders as well as members holding shares in physical mode).
• Members who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository Participant
are requested to use the sequence number sent by Company/RTA or contact
Company/RTA.
Dividend Bank Details OR Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded
Date of Birth (DOB) in your demat account or in the company records in order to login.
• If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, please enter
the member id/folio number in the Dividend Bank details field.
Individual members
(holding shares in demat
mode) login through
their Depository
Participants
·
=== PAGE 18 ===
13
BIRLA CABLE
(ix) After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab.
(x) Members holding shares in physical mode will then directly reach the Company selection screen. However, members
holding shares in demat mode will now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu wherein they are required to mandatorily enter
their login password in the new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also used by the demat holders
for voting for resolutions of any other company on which they are eligible to vote, provided that company opts for
Remote e-Voting through CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to share the password with any other person
and take utmost care to keep your password confidential.
(xi) For members holding shares in physical mode, the details can be used only for Remote e-Voting on the resolutions
contained in this Notice.
(xii) Click on the EVSN for “Birla Cable Limited”
xiii) On the voting page, the member will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the option “YES/NO”
for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that the member assent to the Resolution
and option NO implies that the member dissent to the Resolution.
(xiv) Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if the member wish to view the entire Resolution details.
(xv) After selecting the resolution, the member has to decide to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A confirmation box will be
displayed. If the member wish to confirm their vote, click on “OK”, else to change their vote, click on “CANCEL” and
accordingly modify their vote.
(xvi) Once the member “CONFIRM” their vote on the resolution, they will not be allowed to modify their vote.
(xvii) The member can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the Voting page.
(xviii) If a demat account holder has forgotten the login password then Enter the User ID and the image verification code and
click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the system.
(xix) There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be made available to scrutinizer for
verification.
(xx) Additional Facility for Non – Individual Members and Custodians – For Remote e-Voting only.
• Non-Individual Members (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on to
https://www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” module.
• A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com.
• After receiving the login details, a Compliance User should be created using the admin login and password. The
Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote on.
• The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case of any wrong mapping.
• It is mandatory that, a scanned copy of the Board Resolution/Power of Attorney (POA) which they have issued in
favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the system for the Scrutiniser to verify the
same.
• Alternatively, Non-Individual Members are required mandatory to send the relevant Board Resolution/Authority
letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorised signatory(ies) who are authorised to
vote, by e-mail to the Scrutiniser at 
rkmaoffice@gmail.com and to the Company at investorgrievance@birlacable.com,
if they have not uploaded the same in the CDSL e-Voting system for the Scrutiniser to verify the same.
PROCESS FOR THOSE MEMBERS WHOSE EMAIL ADDRESS/MOBILE NUMBER ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH THE
COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES.
For Members holding Members are requested to register their e-mail address/mobile number by sending duly filled
shares in physical mode in Form ISR-1 along with requisite documents to the Registrar and Share Transfer Agents
(RTA) of the Company - MUFG Intime India Private Limited (e-mail:
investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com). Form ISR-1 is made available on the website of RTA,
https://www.in.mpms.mufg.com as well as on the Company’s website, https://www.birlacable.com.
For Members (other than Please update your e-mail address & mobile number with the respective Depository Participant
Individual) holding (DP).
shares in demat mode
For Individual members Please update the e-mail address & mobile number with the respective Depository Participant
holding shares in demat (DP) which is mandatory while Remote e-Voting through Depository.
mode
If the Members have any queries or issues regarding e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, they can write an e-mail to
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at Toll Free No. 1800 2109 911.
=== PAGE 19 ===
14
BIRLA CABLE
All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, Sr. Manager,
Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower
Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an e-mail to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call at Toll Free No. 1800 2109 911.
24. The Company has appointed Shri Rajesh Kumar Mishra (Certificate of Practice No. 4433), Partner, Messrs R.K. Mishra &
Associates, Company Secretaries in Practice or failing him Shri Hemant Singh (Membership No. 413866), Practicing Chartered
Accountant as the Scrutiniser(s) to scrutinise the Remote e-Voting process in a fair and transparent manner.
25. The Company has appointed Shri Rajesh Kumar Mishra (Certificate of Practice No. 4433), Partner, Messrs R.K. Mishra &
Associates, Company Secretaries in Practice and Shri Hemant Singh (Membership No. 413866), Practicing Chartered
Accountant as the Scrutiniser(s) to scrutinise the voting through Ballot/Poll process at the AGM in a fair and transparent
manner.
26. The Chairman shall, at the AGM, at the end of discussion on the resolutions on which voting is to be held, allow voting with the
assistance of Scrutiniser, by use of ‘Ballot /Polling Paper’ for all those members who are present at the AGM but have not
validly cast their votes by availing the Remote e-Voting facility.
27. The Scrutiniser shall after the conclusion of voting at the AGM, will first count the votes cast at the AGM and thereafter unblock
the votes cast through Remote e-Voting in the presence of at least two witnesses not in the employment of the Company and
shall make, not later than Forty Eight hours of the conclusion of the AGM, a consolidated Scrutinisers’ Report of the total votes
cast in favour or against, if any, to the Chairman or a person authorised by him in writing in that behalf, who shall countersi gn
the same and declare the result of the voting forthwith.
28. The results of voting on the Resolutions moved at the AGM shall be declared on or after the AGM of the Company and shall
be deemed to be passed on the date of AGM. The results shall be immediately forwarded to BSE Limited and National Stock
Exchange of India Ltd. The said result would also be displayed at the Registered Office of the Company, intimated to the Stock
Exchanges where the Company’s Equity Shares are listed and shall also be displayed along with the Scrutinisers’ Report on
the Company’s website, 
https://www.birlacable.com and on the website of CDSL immediately after the declaration of result by
the Chairman or a person authorized by him in writing in that behalf.
The shareholders are requested to update their KYC data viz. PAN number, e-mail id, mobile number and bank
account details by submitting the relevant details with our Registrar and Share Transfer Agents (RTA) i.e. MUFG Intime
India Private Limited. Shareholders holding shares in Dematerialised mode are requested to update the same with their
respective Depository Participant to ensure ease of communication and seamless remittances.
=== PAGE 20 ===
15
BIRLA CABLE
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 (1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND/OR REGULATION 36(3) OF THE SEBI
(LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
The following Statements sets out all material facts relating to the Ordinary/Special Businesses mentioned in the accompanying
Notice as required under Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013:
Item No. 4
Shri Dhan Raj Bansal (DIN: 00050612), Non-Executive Non-Independent Director on the Board of the Company, who is more than
seventy-five years of age and retires by rotation at this Annual General Meeting in terms of provisions of Section 152 of the
Companies Act, 2013 and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.
As per Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time
to time, no listed entity shall appoint a person or continue the directorship of any person as a non-executive director who has
attained the age of seventy five years unless a special resolution is passed to that effect, in which case the explanatory stat ement
annexed to the notice for such motion shall indicate the justification for appointing such a person.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee as well as the Board of Directors of the Company are of the view that Shri Dhan Raj
Bansal is a person of integrity and possess appropriate skills, qualification, knowledge and wide experience in the areas of
administration, production, marketing and business development. The Company has immensely benefitted from his vast experience,
knowledge and strategic insights on various matters relating to the Company’s business. His strong entrepreneurial skills, relationship
management, business development have enormously helped in functioning and performance of the Company. Accordingly, his
re-appointment will be in the best interest of the Company and shall enhance the quality of Board’s decision-making process.
Brief profile and additional information in respect of Shri Dhan Raj Bansal including nature of expertise and shareholding in t he
Company, etc. are given in Annexure to this Notice of AGM, pursuant to the provisions of (i) Listing Regulations; and (ii) Secretarial
Standard on General Meetings (“SS-2”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. He shall continue to be paid
remuneration by way of fee for attending meetings of the Board and Committees thereof, reimbursement of expenses for participating
in the Board and Committee meeting(s) as may be decided by the Board from time to time. In addition, compensation by way of
profit related commission or otherwise (excluding Goods and Services Tax, if any, thereon) may also be paid as the Nomination
and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company approve from time to time within the overall limit as
prescribed or as may be permissible from time to time with regard to remuneration to the Non-Executive Directors of the Company.
Save and except Shri Dhan Raj Bansal, none of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company, either directly
or through their relatives is, in any way, concerned or interested, whether financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution.
The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution set out in Item No. 4 of the accompanying Notice for approval of the
Members of the Company.
Item No. 5
The Board of Directors of the Company, based upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, in its
meeting held on May 22, 2026 has appointed Shri Somesh Laddha as the Manager designated as the Manager & CFO of the
Company for a term of three (3) consecutive years with effect from May 22, 2026 to May 21, 2029 alongwith other terms and
conditions of appointment including remuneration payable to him during the said period, subject to approval of the Members of the
Company by way of an Ordinary Resolution. The broad particulars of remuneration and other principal terms and conditions
relating to his appointment as contained in the draft Agreement to be entered into between the Company and Shri Somesh
Laddha, are as under:
I. Tenure of Appointment : Three (3) consecutive years with effect from May 22, 2026 to May 21, 2029.
II. Remuneration :
(1) Basic Salary : 
` 70,000/- (Rupees Seventy Thousand Only) per month with such annual increments, if any, therein
effective from July 1 each financial year (commencing from July 1, 2026).
(2) Special Allowance : ` 15,000/- (Rupees Fifteen Thousand only) per month with such increase, if any, therein effective
from July 1 each financial year (commencing from July 1, 2026).
(3) Performance Linked Incentive (PLI): ` 2,30,000/- (Rupees Two Lakhs Thirty Thousand only) per month with such increase,
if any, therein effective from July 1 each financial year (commencing from July 1, 2026).
(4) Other Allowances, Benefits and Perquisites: In addition to the Basic Salary, Special Allowance and Performance Linked
Incentive as outlined above, Shri Somesh Laddha shall be entitled to allowances and perquisites/benefits as under:
(i) House  Rent Allowance (HRA) and other related Perquisites : HRA at the rate of 40% of the Basic Salary.
(ii) Medical Benefits : Healthcare/medical allowance and reimbursement of/payment towards mediclaim/medical insurance
premium and Personal Accident Insurance Premium in accordance with Rules of the Company.
=== PAGE 21 ===
16
BIRLA CABLE
(iii) Leave Travel Allowance/Concession : For self and family in accordance with Rules of the Company.
(iv) Personal Accident Insurance Premium : As per Rules of the Company.
(v) Contribution to Provident Fund : As per Rules of the Company and applicable statutory provisions from time to
time.
(vi) Gratuity : As per Rules of the Company and applicable statutory provisions from time to time.
(vii) Leave Encashment: Leave with full pay and allowances as per Rules of the Company. Accumulation/encashment of
unavailed earned privilege leave will be permissible in accordance with the Rules of the Company.
(viii)Other Perquisites, Benefits & Allowance(s) : As per Rules of the Company which are applicable to other employees
of the Company unless specifically approved herein and/or as may be decided by the Board of Directors based on approval,
if any, accorded by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
Explanation(s):
(a) The said perquisites and allowances shall be evaluated, wherever applicable, as per the provisions of the Income
Tax Act, 2025 and rules framed thereunder or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof. In the
absence of any such rules, perquisites and allowances shall be evaluated at actual cost. Income Tax alongwith
surcharge and/or cess thereon in respect of above remuneration shall be deducted at source as per the governing
provisions of the Income Tax Act, 2025 and rules framed thereunder.
(b) The Company’s contribution to Provident Fund is not taxable under the Income Tax Act, 2025, gratuity payable
at rate not exceeding half a month’s salary for each completed year of service and encashment of leave at the
end of the tenure, as per the relevant rules of the Company, shall not be included in the computation of the
ceiling on remuneration as prescribed under Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to
time.
(c) For the purpose of gratuity and leave encashment benefits, the services of Shri Somesh Laddha will be considered
continuous service from the date he joined the services of the Company in any capacity from time to time.
(d) The Manager shall be entitled to be paid/reimbursed by the Company all travelling, boarding and lodging during
business trips, business promotion and other out-of-pocket expenses, costs, charges and expenses as may be
incurred by him for the purpose of Company’s work as per rules of the Company or as may be approved by the
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and/or the Board.
(5) Overall Remuneration : The Board of Directors based on the recommendation/approval of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee and/or any other Committee constituted by the Board for the purpose is entitled to revise
the remuneration payable to the Manager from time to time, as it may, in its discretion deem fit, irrespective of the
limits stipulated under Schedule V of the Act or any amendments made hereafter in this regard, subject to compliance
with the governing provisions of Section 197, 198, Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act,
2013 read with rules framed thereunder and/or under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time, in such manner as may be agreed to between the Board and Shri
Somesh Laddha.
(6) Minimum Remuneration : Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained, where in any financial year
during the currency of tenure of the Manager, the Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the Company
will pay to the Manager remuneration by way of Basic Salary, Special Allowance, Performance Linked Incentive,
other Allowances, Benefits and Perquisites as specified above, subject to approval of members of the Company, if so
required.
III. Other C onditions:
(a) Shri Somesh Laddha, in the capacity of Manager & CFO, shall be considered as a Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
pursuant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Appointment and
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
(b) Shri Somesh Laddha as the Manager shall, devote his such time and attention to the business of the Company and carry
out such duties as may be entrusted to him by the Board from time to time and exercise such powers as may be assigned
to him, subject to superintendence, control and direction of the Board in connection with and in the best interests of the
business of the Company and other Group Companies and Associate Companies. However, he may provide services to
other group companies or any other executive body or any committee of such companies, if permissible under applicable
laws.
(c) The Manager shall act in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company and shall also adhere to the Company’s
Code of Conduct.
=== PAGE 22 ===
17
BIRLA CABLE
(d) The terms and conditions of the Agreement for appointment of Shri Somesh Laddha as the Manager of the Company may
be altered, varied, modified or amended including remuneration as set out therein which may be increased/enhanced
from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company and/or the Nomination and Remuneration Committee as
deemed appropriate.
(e) The Company shall indemnify Shri Somesh Laddha and keep him indemnified against all costs, expenses, losses, damages,
penalties that he may incur or suffer in the course of attending or performing the Company’s work including legal costs
and expenses incurred by him in defending any dispute or proceedings in any Court of Law, Arbitration, etc.
(f) The Agreement may be terminated by either Party (the Company or the Manager) by giving to other Party three month’s
prior notice in writing of such termination or the Company paying three month’s remuneration (including Basic Salary,
Special Allowance, other Allowances and perquisites/benefits) in lieu of such notice to Shri Somesh Laddha.
(g) The said draft Agreement also contains further terms and conditions as to powers and authority of Shri Somesh Laddha,
non-participation in any selling agency of the Company, termination, mutual rights and obligations of the Company and
Shri Somesh Laddha, etc.
In terms of the provisions of Regulation 17(1C) of the Listing Regulations, the Company is required to obtain the approval of t he
shareholders for appointment or re-appointment of a person as a Manager at the next general meeting or within a time period of
three months from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. Therefore, the Company is seeking approval of the shareholders
for appointment of Shri Somesh Laddha as the Manager of the Company.
This Statement may also be considered as the requisite abstract under Section 190 of the Companies Act, 2013 setting out terms
and conditions of appointment of Shri Somesh Laddha as the Manager of the Company. The information/details of Shri Somesh
Laddha pursuant to SEBI Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) are provided herein as also in
the Annexure ‘A’ to this Notice.
Shri Somesh Laddha is a qualified Chartered Accountant (CA) and Company Secretary (CS) with over 20 years of post-qualification
experience in managing finance & accounts, statutory audits, conducting board and annual general meetings, and external liasoning
with government departments. Acknowledged for consistently maintaining organizational overall Compliances using managerial
acumen and financial prudence across professional career. He has been associated with the Company since October, 2009 and
was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) in May, 2023.
Shri Somesh Laddha has also conveyed his consent to act as the Manager of the Company and has made the requisite disclosures
and declarations. Accordingly, in compliance with the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198, 203 and other applicable provisions
read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 and based on the recommendation of the Board & Nomination and Remuneration
Committee, approval of the Members is sought by way of an Ordinary Resolution for the appointment of Shri Somesh Laddha as
the Manager of the Company on the terms and conditions including remuneration as broadly set out hereinabove.
Save and except Shri Somesh Laddha, being the appointee, none of the other Directors/Key Managerial Personnel of the Company
and their respective relatives is, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said resolution. Shri Somesh
Laddha is not related to any other Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.
The Board of Directors recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 5 of the accompanying Notice for approval of
the Members of the Company.
Item No. 6
In terms of Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (“Audit
Rules”), as amended from time to time, the Company is required to undertake the audit of its cost records for products covered
under the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014 to be conducted by a Cost Accountant in practice.
The Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 22, 2026, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, approved the
appointment of Messrs D. Sabyasachi & Co., Cost Accountants (Registration Number – 000369), as the Cost Auditors of the
Company to conduct the audit of the cost records maintained by the Company for the financial year ending on March 31, 2027, at
a remuneration of ` 1,00,000/- (Rupees One Lakh only) plus applicable Goods and Services Tax thereon and reimbursement of
actual out of pocket/traveling expenses incurred in connection with the aforesaid audit.
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors)
Rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors requires ratification by the Members of the Company. Accordingly,
consent of the Members is sought by way of passing an Ordinary Resolution for ratification of the remuneration payable to the Cost
Auditors for the financial year ending on March 31, 2027. The Board of Directors recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at
Item No. 6 of the accompanying Notice for approval of the Members of the Company.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) and/or their relatives are, in any manner, concerned or connected or
interested, financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution.
=== PAGE 23 ===
18
BIRLA CABLE
ANNEXURE - ‘A’
Disclosures/additional information as required under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (‘SS-2’) pertaining to Director/Manager recommended
for appointment/re-appointment, remuneration and concerning other matters as referred to in the accompanying Notice/
Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013.
Name of Director Shri Dhan Raj Bansal Shri Somesh Laddha
DIN
Date of Birth & Age
Nationality
Date of First Appointment
on the Board of Directors
of the Company
Qualifications
Experience (including
nature of expertise in
specific functional areas)/
brief resume
Number of Shares held in
the Company including
shareholding as a
beneficial owner
List of Directorships held
in other companies
Chairman/Member of the
Committees of the Boards
of the Companies in
which he is Director
Resignation from listed
entities in the past
three (3) years
Relationship with other
Directors, Manager and
Key Managerial
Personnel of the
Company
Number of Meetings of
the Board attended
during the year 2025-26
00050612
01.08.1939 (87 years)
Indian
04.05.2012
M.Sc. (Chemistry)
Shri Dhan Raj Bansal possesses rich and varied
experience of over 63 years in various facets of
cable and other industries including in the field
of administration, production and marketing. His
strength also includes strong relationship
management, international alliances/tie ups and
business development. He is actively associated
with various cable industry forums in India and
abroad and also served at the helm of all
renowned power & telecommunication cables
industry association(s) in India for several years.
Nil
Unlisted Companies:
1. Birla Furukawa Fibre Optics Pvt. Ltd.
2. Hindustan Gum & Chemicals Ltd.
Birla Furukawa Fibre Optics Pvt. Ltd.
•
Chairman- Corporate Social Responsibility
Committee
Hindustan Gum & Chemicals Ltd.
•
Member - Nomination and Remuneration
Committee
None
None
1 out of 5
-
12.04.1980 (46 Years)
Indian
Not Applicable
Chartered Accountant (CA), Company Secretary
(CS), B. Com
Shri Somesh Laddha is a qualified Chartered
Accountant and Company Secretary with over
20 years of post-qualification experience in
managing finance & accounts, statutory audits,
conducting board and annual general meetings,
and external liasoning with government
departments. Acknowledged for consistently
maintaining organizational overall Compliances
using managerial acumen and financial prudence
across professional career. He has been
associated with the company since October,
2009 and was appointed as the Chief Financial
Officer (CFO) in May, 2023.
Nil
None
None
None
None
Not Applicable
=== PAGE 24 ===
19
BIRLA CABLE
Terms and conditions of
Re-appointment/
Appointment
Remuneration last drawn
by such person, if
applicable and
Remuneration sought
to be paid
Information as required
pursuant to BSE Circular
ref.no. LIST/COMP/14/
2018-19 and NSE Circular
ref. no. NSE/CML/2018/24
dated 20
th June, 2018
Registered Office:  By Order of the Board of Directors
Udyog Vihar, For Birla Cable Limited
P.O. Chorhata,
Rewa - 486 006 (M.P.)
Suman
Date : May 22, 2026  Company Secretary
Liable to retire by rotation
The remuneration paid to Shri Dhan Raj Bansal
during the financial year 2025-26 comprises of
Sitting Fees for attending the meeting(s) of the
Board of Directors and profit related commission
as disclosed in the Report on Corporate
Governance. He continues to be eligible for
sitting fees and remuneration/ compensation by
way of profit related commission or otherwise
payable to Non-Executive Directors of the
Company as approved by the Board of Directors
upon recommendations of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee from time to time,
within the overall limit as prescribed or as may
be permissible from time to time with regard to
remuneration to the Non-Executive Directors.
Shri Dhan Raj Bansal is not debarred from
holding the office of director of the Company
pursuant to any order passed by the Securities
and Exchange Board of India or any other
authority.
Appointment as the Manager designated as
Manager & CFO of the Company for a period of
Three (3) consecutive years with effect from May
22, 2026 to May 21, 2029 on such terms and
conditions as given in the Statement to the
Notice under Section 102(1) of the Companies
Act, 2013.
Shri Somesh Laddha has drawn total
remuneration of 
` 40.33 Lakhs during the
financial year 2025-26 being a Chief Financial
Officer (CFO) of the Company. Kindly refer
Statement to the Notice under Section 102(1)
of the Companies Act, 2013 for remuneration
sought to be paid to Shri Somesh Laddha as
the Manager & CFO of the Company.
Not Applicable
=== PAGE 25 ===
20
BIRLA CABLE
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS
Your Directors have the pleasure in presenting the Thirty Fourth (34th) Annual Report together with the Audited Financial Statements
of your Company for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026.
SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL RESULTS
(` in Lakhs)
Description Standalone Consolidated
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Revenue from Operations 77111.40 66165.23 77111.40 66165.23
Other Income 378.28 310.20 378.68 310.28
Earnings before Finance Costs, Depreciation and Tax 5071.30 3594.18 5075.16 3578.97
Finance Costs 1233.51 1334.85 1233.57 1334.91
Profit before Depreciation and Tax 3837.79 2259.33 3841.59 2244.06
Depreciation and Amortization 1578.55 1575.77 1578.55 1575.77
Profit before Tax 2259.24 683.56 2263.04 668.29
Tax Expenses 572.46 180.45 572.75 179.15
Net Profit for the year 1686.78 503.11 1690.29 489.14
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS in terms of the provisions of Section 133 of the Companies
Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended from time to time.
STATE OF COMPANY’S AFFAIRS
The Company is predominantly engaged in the business of manufacturing and sales of all types of Optical Fibre Cables, Copper
Telecommunication Cables, Structured Copper LAN Cables, Specialty cables and allied accessories. There has been no material
change in the nature of business of the Company during the financial year ended March 31, 2026.
GENERAL & CORPORATE MATTERS
During the year under review, the Company recorded standalone Revenue from Operations of ` 77111.40 Lakhs, as against
` 66165.23 Lakhs in the previous year, reflecting a growth of 16.54%. This increase was primarily driven by a significant rise i n
Structured LAN Cable sales. The order flow for Optical Fibre Cables remained broadly in line with the previous year.
Standalone Profit Before Tax (PBT) stood at ` 2259.24 Lakhs, compared to ` 683.56 Lakhs in the prior year. Despite the prolonged
weakness in the Optical Fibre Cable market, both domestically and globally, this notable improvement was achieved on the back
of historically highest sales in the Structured Copper LAN Cable segment. The strong performance in this segment enabled the
Company to sustain operations at a reasonable level and successfully navigate a challenging market environment.
The current financial year (FY 2026–27) has begun to show early signs of recovery in the Optical Fibre Cable market. According to
recent market intelligence, global demand in Q1 2026 is projected to rise by 6.8% year-on-year, reaching 136.70 million FKM,
while global production is expected to grow by 7.2% year-on-year, surpassing 134.2 million FKM. Notably, North America is
leading this resurgence with double-digit demand growth, underscoring the potential for robust expansion in the global optical
cable industry.
The global optical fibre and cable industry is entering 2026 under tightening supply conditions, rising prices, and evolving de mand
dynamics increasingly shaped by hyperscale data centres, AI infrastructure, defence applications, and broadband expansion
projects. While traditional telecom demand has matured in several regions, emerging applications—including AI clusters, fibre-
enabled drones, and Data Centre Interconnect (DCI) networks—are exerting significant pressure on fibre supply chains and
manufacturing capacity.
North America is leading the resurgence, with Q1 2026 optical cable demand projected to rise 22.5% year-on-year, driven by
hyperscale data centre build-outs and expansion of regional and long-haul networks. Demand for G.657.A1/A2 fibre types has
accelerated, supported by data centres, broadband connectivity, BEAD-related deployments, and defence requirements.
In Europe, demand is forecast to grow 2.4% year-on-year in Q1 2026, supported by continued FTTH roll-outs aimed at closing
remaining coverage gaps. Hyperscale investment is also gaining momentum, exemplified by Amazon’s announced €33.7 billion
investment in cloud and AI data centre infrastructure in Spain through 2035, which is expected to drive backhaul and DCI demand
across regional networks. In the UK, regulation is shaping the next phase of fibre deployment. Ofcom’s Telecoms Access Review
2026 introduces measures to maintain competition while supporting the nationwide roll-out of gigabit broadband infrastructure.
=== PAGE 26 ===
21
BIRLA CABLE
Across Asia-Pacific, demand trends remain diverse:
• Southeast Asia: Q1 2026 demand expected to grow 4.5% year-on-year to 1.2M F-km, driven by data centre investments,
telecom expansion, and government-funded broadband projects.
• Northeast Asia: Demand projected at 3.1M F-km, up 1.1% year-on-year, supported by backhaul deployments in Taiwan
(China) and data centre activity in Japan.
• Australasia: Growth of 1.8% year-on-year to 1.2M Fkm, supported by sustained telecom investments and Australia’s National
Broadband Network (NBN) project.
• India: The largest APAC market outside China, demand is projected to reach 4.7M F-km in Q1 2026, a 9.9% year-on-year
increase, driven by BharatNet Phase 3 rural broadband projects, private operator investments (e.g., Bharti Airtel), and
requirements from Railways, Utilities, and Defence.
Globally, demand for G.657.A2 fibre remains exceptionally strong, particularly for drone connectivity, AI infrastructure, and advanced
broadband applications. Several producers report fully booked order books for 2026, with buyers already seeking supply commitments
for the next fiscal year.
Emerging fibre technologies such as Hollow Core Fibre (HCF) and Multicore Fibre (MCF) are progressing from experimental
stages toward commercial deployment, positioned as next-generation solutions for AI-driven network demands.
However, geopolitical tensions in the Middle East pose risks of higher energy and freight costs, alongside supply chain disruptions.
Shortages in glass preforms, helium, and polymer feedstocks are further constraining production capacity, creating uncertainty
around long-term contracts and tenders in the global fibre and cable market.
SCHEME OF AMALGAMATION
The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on March 21, 2026, approved the Scheme of Amalgamation between
the Company (“Transferor Company” or “Company”) and Vindhya Telelinks Limited (“Transferee Company”) and their respective
shareholders and creditors (Scheme) pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
read with the rules framed thereunder for the amalgamation of the Company into the Transferee Company w.e.f. the appointed
date of April 1, 2026.
Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferor Company shall stand dissolved and the Transferee Company will issue and
allot to the equity shareholders of the Transferor Company (other than Transferee Company), 10 equity shares of the face value of
` 10/- each fully paid of the Transferee Company for every 115 equity shares of the face value of ` 10/- each fully paid held by them
in the Transferor Company. Equity Shares held by the Transferor Company in the Transferor Company and vice – versa shall
stand cancelled and extinguished.
The proposed amalgamation would be in the best interest of the Companies and their respective shareholders, employees, creditors
and other stakeholders as the amalgamation is expected to inter-alia result in the following benefits:
(i) Since the Companies are well established in the line of business that they primarily operate in (i.e. manufacture and sale o f
telecommunication cables and accessories) and have complementary product portfolios, consolidating the manufacturing
capabilities of both Companies through the amalgamation will create a larger unified entity with consolidation of capacities,
enhanced market presence and improved competitive positioning. The combined entity will have an aggregated track record
of manufacturing and multi-state project execution thereby being better positioned to leverage cross-selling opportunities and
to bid for larger infrastructure projects, based on the combined technical credentials, financial strength and execution track
record of the Companies. Further, the combined entity will offer a single window solution offering a wide range of services and
products ranging from LAN cables to high-end specialty cables.
(ii) The unified and stronger balance sheet will enhance the Transferee Company’s pre-qualification credentials and financial ne t
worth required to bid for and execute increasingly capital-intensive, multi-state infrastructure projects which require signifi cant
bank guarantees and liquidity.
(iii) By leveraging operational synergies and economies of scale, the amalgamation will create a stronger platform for future
growth, improve cost efficiencies, and enable optimized allocation of financial, technical and managerial resources.
(iv) The amalgamation is expected to result in synergy benefits in back-end operations, including procurement, logistics, information
technology systems and shared services and will also eliminate duplication of administrative and support functions and reduce
multiplicity of legal, regulatory and compliance requirements.
(v) The amalgamation will rationalize and simplify the Group’s corporate structure by reducing the number of entities in the Gro up
which operate in similar lines of business. This consolidation is expected to facilitate faster decision-making, smoother operations
and improved coordination across various functions, which is expected to enhance transparency, corporate governance and
investor perception.
=== PAGE 27 ===
22
BIRLA CABLE
(vi) A unified and stronger balance sheet will provide greater financial flexibility and improved access to capital, which is cr itical for
undertaking larger and more capital-intensive businesses and supporting long-term growth strategies and thus, the amalgamation
is expected to unlock growth opportunities and contribute to sustainable value creation for the shareholders of the Companies
with improved financial performance.
(vii) The amalgamation will enable pooling of human resources, research & development capabilities and technical expertise
across design, manufacturing, sourcing and project management functions, thereby eliminating redundancies in administration,
research & development and operations for enhancing overall organizational capability, innovation, execution efficiency and
product offering for more efficient operations and competitive positioning.
The Company has filed necessary applications for seeking no-objection/observation letters from BSE Limited (BSE) and National
Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) for the Scheme. The proposed Scheme is also subject to necessary statutory and regulatory
approvals under applicable laws, including the approval of the jurisdictional Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”).
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
The Management Discussion and Analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the year under
review, as per SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 2015, as amended from time to time (“Listing Regulations”),
is presented in a separate section, which forms a part of the Annual Report.
CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
During the year under review, the Company continued its focus on judicious capital allocation and incurred capital expenditure
aggregating to ` 191.05 lakhs, consisting of addition to (a) Plant & Equipment of ` 167.37 lakhs; and (b) Other Fixed Assets of
` 23.68 lakhs for further capacity expansion/augmentation.
DIVIDEND
After considering the Company’s profitability, the Board of Directors of your Company is pleased to recommend a Dividend of
` 1.25/- (previous year ` NIL) per equity share of face value ` 10/- each (i.e. 12.50%) for the financial year ended on March 31,
2026. The payment of Dividend shall be subject to deduction of applicable Tax at source as per the prescribed rate under Income
Tax Act, 2025 and relevant rules framed thereunder. The said Dividend, if approved by the Members at the ensuing Annual
General Meeting, would involve a cash outflow of 
` 375.00 Lakhs resulting in a payout of 22.23% of the standalone net profit of the
Company for the financial year 2025-26 and would be paid to those members whose name appear in the register of members /
register of beneficial owners as per the data made available by the depositories as on the Record Date mentioned in the Notice
convening the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.
TRANSFER TO RESERVES
During the year under review, the Company has not transferred any amounts to the General Reserve. For complete details on
movement in Reserves and Surplus during the financial year ended March 31, 2026, please refer to the ‘Statement of Changes in
Equity’ included in the standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Annual report.
UNPAID DIVIDEND
The disclosure relating to year wise amount of unpaid/unclaimed dividend lying in the Unpaid Dividend account and the corresponding
equity shares which are liable to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) and the due date of such
transfer is provided in the Corporate Governance Report which forms part of the Annual Report.
SHARE CAPITAL
The paid-up Equity Share Capital of the Company as at March 31, 2026 stood at ` 3000.00 lakhs. During the year under review,
the Company has neither issued shares with differential rights as to dividend, voting or otherwise nor has granted stock option s or
sweat equity under any scheme. Further, none of the Directors of the Company holds investments convertible into equity shares of
the Company as on March 31, 2026.
DEPOSITS/FINANCE
During the year under review, your Company has not accepted any public deposits within the meaning of Section(s) 73 to 76 of the
Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 and as such no amount on account of principal or
interest on public deposits was outstanding as on the date of the Balance Sheet.
Your Company continued to optimise its borrowings through effective cash flow and working capital management. It reduced
borrowing costs by lowering charges on non-fund-based facilities and availing competitively priced buyers’/suppliers’ credit. T he
Company’s financial discipline and prudent approach are reflected in the reasonable credit ratings ascribed by the rating agenc y.
=== PAGE 28 ===
23
BIRLA CABLE
PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES AND INVESTMENTS
The particulars of Loans, Guarantees and Investments in pursuance to Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 have been
disclosed in the standalone financial statements read together with Notes annexed to and forming an integral part of the standalone
financial statements.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with Para C of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, the Report on Corporate Governance and
a Certificate by the 
Company Secretary confirming compliance by all the Board Members and Senior Management Personnel with
Company’s Code of Conduct and Auditors’ Certificate regarding compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance form part of
the Annual Report.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
As a part of its initiative under Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR), your Company has undertaken CSR activities, projects a nd
programmes broadly in accordance with Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013, applicable provisions of the Companies (Corporate
Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and CSR Annual Action Plan 2025-26 read with the Company’s CSR Policy. The CSR
activities as detailed in 
Note No. 43 of the financial statements have been carried out primarily in and around the local areas where
the Company operates and nearby localities. The Company has complied with the provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act,
2013 and all its subsequent amendments and applicable rules.
The Annual Report on CSR activities giving brief outline of the Company’s CSR Policy and CSR initiatives undertaken during the
year under review in the prescribed format as per the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Amendment Rules,
2021 is set-out in Annexure-I which is attached hereto and forms a part of the Directors’ Report. The Corporate Social Responsibility
Policy of the Company can be accessed on Company’s website at weblink: 
https://www.birlacable.com/Policies/CSR.pdf.
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
To the best of their knowledge and belief and according to the information and explanations obtained by them, your Directors make
the following statements in terms of Section 134(3)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013:
(a) that in the preparation of the annual financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2026, the applicable accounting
standards (“Ind AS”) read with requirements set out under Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013, have been followed and
there are no material departures from the same;
(b) that such accounting policies as mentioned in Notes to the Financial Statements have been selected and applied consistently
and judgement and estimates have been made that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state
of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2026 and of the profit of the Company for the year ended on that date;
(c) that proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the
provisions of Companies Act, 2013 for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and
other irregularities;
(d) that the annual financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis;
(e) that proper internal financial controls were in place and that the financial controls were adequate and were operating effectively;
and
(f) that proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws were in place and that such systems were
adequate and operating effectively.
RISK MANAGEMENT AND ADEQUACY OF INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS
Your Company’s system of financial and compliance controls with reference to the financial statements and risk management is
embedded in the business process by which the Company pursues its objectives. Additionally, the Audit Committee and the Board
of Directors assess and monitor regularly the framework for identification, evaluation and prioritization of risks, mechanism t o
mitigate risks, process that methodically track governance objectives, risk ownership/accountability, compliance with policies and
decisions that are set through the governance process, risks to those objectives and services and effectiveness of risk mitigat ion
and controls besides inherent risks associated with the products/goods and services dealt with by the Company.
The Company has established procedure to periodically place before the Audit Committee, the risk assessment and minimization
initiatives and steps taken by the Company to mitigate the risks. The important elements of risks are provided in the Managemen t
Discussion and Analysis Report forming part of the Annual Report. Your Company’s approach to address business risks and
compliance functions is comprehensive across the business and includes periodic review of such risks and a framework for
mitigating and reporting mechanism of such risks. In the opinion of the Board of Directors, there are no material risks, which may
threaten the existence of the Company.
=== PAGE 29 ===
24
BIRLA CABLE
The Company has laid down the policies and procedures for internal financial controls for ensuring the orderly and efficient
conduct of its business, in order to achieve the strategic, operational and other objectives over a long period and that its ex posure
to risks are within acceptable limits. In addition, the policies and procedures have been designed with an intent to ensure safeguarding
of Company’s assets, prevention and detection of frauds and errors, accuracy in completeness of the accounting records and
timely preparation of reliable financial information.
The management is committed to ensure effective internal financial controls environment, which provides assurance on the efficiency
of Company’s business operations coupled with adherence to its established policies, safety/security of its assets besides orderly
and legitimate conduct of business in the circumstances, which may reasonably be foreseen. The Company has defined organisation
structure, authority levels, delegated powers, internal procedures, rules and guidelines for conducting business transactions. The
Company’s system and process relating to internal controls and procedures for financial reporting have been designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013, Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and all other applicable
regulatory/statutory guidelines, etc. for disclosures with reference to financial statements. The controls have been assessed during
the year under review, basis guidance note issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India on Audit of Internal Finan cial
Controls over Financial Reporting. Based on the results of such assessment carried out by the management, no reportable or
significant deficiencies, no material weakness in the design or operation of any control was observed. Nevertheless, the Compan y
recognises that any internal financial control framework, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations and in a dynami c
environment needs continuous review and upgrade from time to time.
Your Company’s internal control systems are supplemented by an extensive program of internal audit by an independent firm of
Chartered Accountants. Internal audits are conducted at regular intervals and a summary of the observations and recommendations
of such audits are placed before the Audit Committee. The Internal Auditors as well as the Audit Committee conduct an evaluation
of the adequacy and effectiveness of the system of internal financial controls system on an ongoing basis.
The Board has also implemented systems to ensure compliance of all applicable laws to the Company which were effective and
operative. At quarterly intervals, the Company Secretary & Compliance Officer places before the Board as well as Audit Committee
a certificate alongwith a detailed statement certifying compliance of various laws and regulations as applicable to the business and
operations of the Company after obtaining confirmation from all functional heads responsible for compliance of such applicable
laws and regulations. The Company Secretary is responsible for compliance of corporate laws including the Companies Act, 2013,
SEBI Act 1992, Listing Regulations and relevant rules/guidelines as well as other corporate laws/rules and regulations includin g
any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) or enactment(s) thereto to the extent apply and extend to the Company.
INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS, SAFETY AND SUSTAINABILITY
Industrial relations remained cordial throughout the year. Your Directors recognize and appreciate the sincere and hard work,
loyalty, dedicated efforts and contribution of all the employees in the uninterrupted journey of satisfactory financial perform ance of
the Company. The Board would also like to place on record its appreciation for dedicated and exemplary services rendered by
employees at all levels in the prevailing challenging times in ensuring safe and reliable operations throughout the year.  In t he
dynamic landscape of work, ongoing changes necessitate a re-evaluation of the value proposition. Your Directors, therefore,
believe that implementing creative structures for employees across all levels is essential, fostering innovation, growth, and ultimately
enhancing the Company’s competitive edge. Further, the Company is proactively reskilling and upskilling its employees at all
levels to remain competitive, adapt to changes in market and to respond to new business opportunities resulting from rapid pace
of technological changes. The Company has also created an environment where employees are encouraged to anticipate industry
shifts, adapt quickly and lead the teams through change with confidence supported by continuous development, open dialogue
and shared commitment to drive success. The remuneration framework continues to remain relevant, proportionate and aligned
with cognitive and time demand of governance standard needed in the era of real time disruption requiring deep preparation,
continuous learning and sustained availability. The Company is also strategizing ways to retain high performing and high potent ial
employees with more alacrity then before.
Your Company continues to accord a very high priority to both industrial safety and environmental protection and these are
ongoing process at the Company’s plant and facilities to maintain high awareness levels. Your Company is conscious of the
importance of environmentally clean and safe operations so as to ensure safety of all concerned and compliance of applicable
environmental regulations and to this end working continuously towards reduction in waste for disposal. The Company as a policy
re-evaluates safety standards and practices from time to time in order to raise the bar of safety standards for its people as w ell as
users and customers.
The good and green philosophy is a cornerstone of the Company’s business strategy for protecting people, preserving the planet
and generating value for the shareholders. As the world faces significant environmental challenges, the Company has prioritised
sustainability to ensure long term resource availability, reduce environmental impact and enhance operational efficiency. As
sustainable practices are becoming part of the industrial development, the Company is committed to innovating its products in
order to better meet the demand of its customers, with a consistent focus on the environment and society. This, interalia, incl udes
using ecofriendly materials, reducing CO
2 emissions and improving energy efficiency in its plant and production processes. Alongside
=== PAGE 30 ===
25
BIRLA CABLE
transitioning to renewable energy, water conservation is another primary focus area of the Company wherein it has rainwater
harvesting, recycling systems and other efficient water usage practices in place.
Our ambition is to be a global player playing a leading role in the decarbonization agenda and our commitment to promoting growth
that is sustainable for people and the planet. The pillars of our sustainability strategy are articulated in four main areas: environment,
innovation, people and communities, and governance. Regarding the environment, our primary goal is to proactively and pioneeringly
engage in decarbonization processes.
Community development through effective CSR projects is a core value of M.P. Birla Group driven by the belief that the long-ter m
viability and ability to produce value are tied to measured contribution in the life of communities in which the Group’s facili ties
operate. Long before the CSR regulations came into existence, the Group made it a priority and commitment to serve the society
and improve the quality of life for communities at large. In line with the Group’s philosophy, the Company has set unwavering
commitment to enhance the lives of marginalised communities near its plant and working locations through need based CSR
projects in the key areas of education, healthcare, environmental sustainability, animal welfare, skill development, livelihood
intervention, water and sanitation and rural development.
RECOGNITION
The Company’s manufacturing facilities continue to remain certified by independent and reputed external agency as being compliant
as well as aligned with the external standards for Quality Management System as per ISO 9001:2015 & TL9000 R6.3/R.5.7(H),
Environmental Management System as per ISO 14001:2015, Occupational Health and Safety Management System as per ISO
45001:2018, Business Continuity Management System as per ISO 22301:2019 and Information Security Management System as
per ISO/IEC 27001:2022 Standards for Design, development and manufacture of optical fibre cables, ribbon type optical fibre
cables, polyethylene insulated jelly filled telecommunication cables, copper communication cables, insulated wire & cables, electric
conductors, copper cable assemblies and supply of accessories for optical fibre cables & copper cables. During the year, the
audits for these Certifications established continuous improvement in performance against these standards.
Your directors are pleased to report that, as part of the Company’s unwavering commitment to quality assurance, the Testing
Laboratory of the Company’s OFC Unit continues to hold Certificate of Accreditation in accordance with ISO/IEC 17025:2017 from
the National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL) for its facilities at Rewa (M.P.) in the field  of
testing of optical fibre and optical fibre cables. During the year under review, the scope of accreditation has been expanded t o
include cable elements. The said accreditation remains valid up to January 8, 2030. Further, the OFC Testing Laboratory, Rewa
continues to be assessed and designated as a Conformity Assessment Body (CAB) by the Government of India, Ministry of
Communications, Department of Telecommunications, Telecommunication Engineering Centre, New Delhi.
DIRECTORS
In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules framed thereunder and the Company’s
Articles of Association, Shri Dhan Raj Bansal (DIN: 00050612), Director is liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual General
Meeting and being eligible has offered himself for re-appointment as a Director of the Company. The Nomination and Remuneration
Committee as well as Board of Directors of the Company has recommended his re-appointment for the consideration of the
members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company. As required under the Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations
and relevant provisions of the Secretarial Standard on the General Meeting (SS-2), the brief resume and other details of Shri Dhan
Raj Bansal is given in Annexure ‘A’ to the Notice of the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
As on the date of this Report, Shri Somesh Laddha, Manager & Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Ms. Suman, Company Secretary
are the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company as per Section(s) 2(51) and 203 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014. During the year under review, Shri R. Sridharan
has resigned from the post of Manager and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company with effect from the close of business
hours on January 19, 2026.
Based upon the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors in its meeting held on
May 22, 2026, appointed Shri Somesh Laddha as the Manager designated as the Manager & CFO of the Company for a term of
three (3) consecutive years with effect from May 22, 2026 to May 21, 2029, subject to approval of the Members of the Company at
the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
In accordance with Section 149(7) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations, all Independent
Directors have submitted declarations confirming that they meet the criteria of independence as mentioned in Regulation 16(1)(b )
of the Listing Regulations and Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013. The Independent Directors have also individually and
severally confirmed that they are not aware of any circumstance or situation which exist or may be reasonably anticipated, that
could impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties with an objective independent judgement and without any external
=== PAGE 31 ===
26
BIRLA CABLE
influence. Further, the Board after taking these declarations/disclosures on record and acknowledging the veracity of the same,
opined that the Independent Directors of the Company, are persons of integrity and possess the relevant expertise and experience
(including the proficiency), fulfils the conditions specified in the Listing Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013 for appoin tment
of Independent Directors and are independent of the Management.
MEETINGS OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS
During the year under review, the Board met five (5) times viz. on May 21, 2025, August 7, 2025, October 30, 2025, January 29,
2026 and March 21, 2026. The intervening gap between two meetings did not exceed 120 days as prescribed under the Companies
Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations. The details meeting of the Board of Directors and its committees and the attendance of the
Directors are provided in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms a part of the Annual Report. The Independent Directors
of the Company also held a separate meeting on March 21, 2026 without attendance of the Chairman and other Non-Independent
Directors and members of the management, in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Listing Regulations.
AUDIT AND OTHER COMMITTEES OF BOARD
As required under Section 177(8) read with Section 134(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder, the
composition and meetings of the Audit Committee were in line with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing
Regulations. During the year under review, all the recommendations made by the Audit Committee were duly accepted by the
Board of Directors.
As required under the Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations, the Company has also constituted various other statutory
committees of the Board viz. Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee and Corporate
Social Responsibility Committee.
The requisite details of all the committees including their terms of reference, composition, number of meetings held during the year
under review and attendance at the meetings, etc. are provided in the Report on Corporate Governance forming a part of the
Annual Report.
PERFORMANCE EVALUATION OF BOARD, COMMITTEES AND DIRECTORS
Pursuant to the Provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations and the Guidance Note on Board Evaluation
issued by SEBI, the Board of Directors of the Company carried out the annual evaluation of its own performance and that of its
Committees and individual Directors as per mechanism for such evaluation evolved by the Board, interalia, to assess the skill s et
and contribution that are desired recognising that competencies and experiences evolves over time. The manner in which annual
evaluation has been carried out by the Board of Directors is provided in the Report on Corporate Governance which forms a part
of the Annual Report.
As part of the evaluation process, the Board of Directors also considered the criteria for performance evaluation of Independen t
Directors and the Board of Directors as formulated by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
The Independent Directors, after taking into account the views of the Non-Executive Directors and Non-Independent Directors,
carried out the annual evaluation of the Chairman. They have also undertaken the evaluation of the Board as a whole, its Committees,
and individual Directors. The outcome of this evaluation was reviewed and deliberated by the Board of Directors.
The performance evaluation of Independent Directors was carried out by the entire Board of Directors, excluding the Directors
being evaluated. The results of the evaluations reflected a high level of commitment, engagement, and effective functioning of the
Board and its various Committees. In conclusion, the Board of Directors expressed satisfaction with the overall performance of the
Board, its Committees, and individual members.
SELECTION AND APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS AND THEIR REMUNERATION
The Board of Directors, in consonance with the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”), has
adopted the Terms of Reference, which, inter alia, sets out with the criteria for identification of members of the Board of Dir ectors
and the selection/appointment of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) and Senior Management Personnel of the Company.
The NRC recommends the appointment of Directors and the appointment or re-appointment of the Manager based on his/her
qualifications, expertise, positive attributes, independence and professional expertise, in accordance with the applicable provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013, governing rules framed thereunder, and the Listing Regulations.
In addition to ensuring diversity of race and gender, the NRC also considers the impact the appointee would have on the Board’s
overall balance of professional experience, background, viewpoints, skills, and areas of expertise.
The Board of Directors in consonance with the recommendations of the NRC, has also adopted the Remuneration Policy for the
members of the Board and the Executive Management. The Remuneration Policy is aligned with prevailing industry practices. The
guiding principles of the Remuneration Policy are detailed in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms a part of the
Annual Report. The Remuneration Policy is uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed at weblink:
https://www.birlacable.com/Policies/Remuneration.pdf.
=== PAGE 32 ===
27
BIRLA CABLE
MAINTENANCE OF COST RECORDS
The requirement of maintenance of cost records as specified by the Central Government under sub-section (1) of section 148 of
the Companies Act, 2013, and the audit of such cost records by a Cost Accountant, is applicable in respect of certain specified
products of the Company. Accordingly, such accounts and records are made and maintained by the Company.
AUDITORS
In terms of the provisions of Section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 as
amended vide the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2017 and the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Amendment Rules, 2018 respectively,
Messrs V. Sankar Aiyar & Co., Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No.109208W) were appointed as Statutory Auditors of
the Company to hold office for a term of five (5) years until the conclusion of the 35
th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the
Company to be held in the year 2027. The Auditors have confirmed to the Company that they continue to remain eligible to hold
office as the Auditors and are not disqualified for being so appointed as Statutory Auditors under the Companies Act, 2013, the
Chartered Accountants Act, 1949 and the rules and regulations framed thereunder.
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, has re-appointed Messrs D. Sabyasachi & Co., Cost
Accountants (Firm Registration No. 000369), as the Cost Auditors for the financial year 2026-27 for conducting the audit of the cost
records maintained in respect of certain specified products covered under the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014
and fixed their remuneration. In terms of the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Audit and
Auditors) Rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors, together with reimbursement of applicable Goods and
Services Tax thereon and actual out of pocket and travelling expenses incurred in connection with the audit of cost accounting
records of the Company, is subject to ratification by the members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.
The Cost Audit Report for the financial year ended March 31, 2025, in respect of the specified products, was filed with the Ministry
of Corporate Affairs on August 26, 2025.
AUDITORS’ REPORT
The Auditors’ Report on the financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026 forms a part of the Annual
Report. There is no qualification, reservation, adverse remark, disclaimer or modified opinion in the Auditors’ Report that cal ls for
any further comments or explanations.
SECRETARIAL AUDITOR
Messrs R.K. Mishra & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries (Unique Identification No. P1991MP039900 and Peer Review
Certificate No. 4333/2023) were appointed as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company pursuant to Regulation 24A of the Listing
Regulations to undertake the Secretarial Audit of your Company for the first term of Five (5) consecutive years from financial year
2025-26 till financial year 2029-30. Messrs R.K. Mishra & Associates has confirmed that they are not disqualified from continui ng
as Secretarial Auditor of the Company in terms of provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 & Rules framed thereunder and Listing
Regulations.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules thereunder, the Secretarial Audit Report for the
financial year ended March 31, 2026 issued by Secretarial Auditors, Messrs R.K. Mishra & Associates, Practicing Company
Secretaries is given in the prescribed form in Annexure-II which is attached hereto and forms a part of the Directors’ Report.
The Secretarial Audit Report does not contain any qualification, reservation, adverse remark or disclaimer. The observation of
Secretarial Auditor is self-explanatory in nature and does not require any comment or explanation from the Board of Directors.
COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
The Company has proper system in place to ensure compliance with the provisions of applicable Secretarial Standards. During the
year under review, your Company has complied with applicable Secretarial Standards i.e. SS-1 and SS-2 relating to “Meetings of
Board of Directors” and “General Meetings” respectively issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. For more details,
the members are advised to refer to the Secretarial Audit Report which is attached hereto and forms a part of the Annual Report .
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
All related party transactions that were entered into by the Company during the financial year under review were generally on arms’
length basis and in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
read with rules framed thereunder, the applicable provisions of Listing Regulations and your Company’s Policy on Related Party
Transactions. During the year under review, your Company has not entered into any transactions with related parties which could
be considered material in terms of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, the disclosure of related party transactions
as required under Section 134(3)(h) of the Companies Act, 2013 in Form AOC-2 is not applicable. There are no material significant
related party transactions entered into by the Company with its Promoters, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or other designated
persons which may have a potential conflict with the interest of the Company at large or which could be prejudicial to the inte rest
of minority shareholders. Details of the related party transactions entered into by the Company are provided in Note No. 40 of the
Notes to standalone financial statements for the financial year 2025-26.
=== PAGE 33 ===
28
BIRLA CABLE
Prior omnibus approval of the Audit Committee is obtained on an annual basis for a financial year for the related party transactions
which are of a foreseen and repetitive in nature. The statement giving details of all related party transactions entered into pursuant
to the omnibus approval together with relevant documents/information, as required, are placed before the Audit Committee for
review and updation on quarterly basis. Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations, your Company ha s
submitted to the stock exchanges, disclosures of related party transactions in the prescribed format every six months on the da te
of publication of its standalone and consolidated financial results. The Company’s Policy on materiality and dealing with Relat ed
Party Transactions (‘RPT Policy’) as approved by the Board of Directors is uploaded on the Company’s website and can be
accessed at weblink: 
https://www.birlacable.com/Policies/RPT.pdf.
SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURE
Your Company has a Wholly Owned Subsidiary in the name of Birla Cable Infrasolutions DMCC incorporated at UAE. The Company
has formulated a policy on identification of material subsidiaries in accordance with Regulation 16(1)(c) of the Listing Regula tions
and the same is placed on Company’s website at https://www.birlacable.com/Policies/Material-Subsidiaries.pdf. The Subsidiary is
not a material unlisted subsidiary company as defined under the Listing Regulations.
A Statement containing the salient features of the financial statements, to the extent available, of subsidiary, as prescribed under
the first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 5 of The Companies (Accounts) Rules,
2014 is provided as an Annexure to the consolidated financial statements and therefore not repeated for the sake of brevity. In
accordance with the provisions of Section 136 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Listing Regulations, the Company’s audited
financial statements including the consolidated financial statements and all other documents required to be attached thereto ar e
placed on the Company’s website 
https://www.birlacable.com. A report on the performance of financial position of the wholly
owned subsidiary as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 is provided as part of the consolidated financial statements
and hence not repeated herein for the sake of brevity.
The Company is not having any Associate or Joint Venture Company.
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial year 2025-26 have been prepared in the same form and
manner as that of standalone financial statements of the Company and are in compliance with the applicable provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013 and as stipulated under Regulation 33 of Listing Regulations as well as in accordance with the Indian
Accounting Standards notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rule, 2015. The audited consolidated financial
statements together with the Independent Auditor’s Report thereon form part of the Annual Report.
DISCLOSURE OF RATIO OF REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL, ETC.
As required under Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Statement of Disclosure of Remuneration and such other details as prescribed therein
are given in Annexure-III, which is attached hereto and forms a part of the Directors’ Report.
ANNUAL RETURN
A copy of the Annual Return of the Company prepared in accordance with Section 92(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with
Rule 11 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 is placed on website of the Company in pursuance to
Section 92(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the same can be accessed at the weblink 
https://www.birlacable.com/Annual-Return.pdf .
PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES
The disclosure required pursuant to Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(2) and 5(3) of The Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, as amended, in respect of employees of the Company are
given in Annexure-IV, which is attached hereto and forms a part of the Directors’ Report.
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNING AND OUTGO
As required under Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules 2014, the
information pertaining to Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo are given in
Annexure-V, which is attached hereto and forms a part of the Directors’ Report.
VIGIL MECHANISM/WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY
In terms of the provisions of Section 177(9) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 22 of the Listing Regulations, the Company
has implemented a Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy to deal with instances of fraud and mis-management, if any, and
conducting business with integrity including in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. No employee has been denie d
access to the Vigilance Officer as well as direct access to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee in appropriate or exceptiona l
cases. The details of the Vigil Mechanism and Whistle-Blower Policy are explained in the Report on Corporate Governance. The
said Policy is uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed at weblink: 
https://www.birlacable.com/Policies/Whistle-Blower.pdf .
=== PAGE 34 ===
29
BIRLA CABLE
PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT AT WORKPLACE
The Company has complied with the provisions relating to the constitution of Internal Complaints Committee(s) under the Sexual
Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (“POSH Act”) and rules framed thereunder.
The Company has zero tolerance towards sexual harassment at workplace and has adopted a Policy on prevention, prohibition
and redressal of sexual harassment at workplace. All employee (permanent, contractual, temporary, trainees) as well as consultants
are covered under the Policy. The framework ensures complete anonymity and confidentiality. The annual return for the calendar
year 2025, has been duly filed with the concerned authority in compliance with POSH Act.
The details as required under Rule 8(5)(x) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 during the Financial Year 2025-26 are as
under:
(a) Number of complaints of sexual harassment received in the year – NIL
(b) number of complaints disposed off during the year – N.A.
(c) number of cases pending for more than ninety days – NIL
GENERAL
Your Directors state that no disclosure or reporting is required in respect of the following matters as there were no transacti ons or
events concerning the same during the year under review:
(a) No significant or material orders were passed by the Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which impact the going concern status
of the Company and its operations in future.
(b) There have been no material changes and commitments which affect the financial position of the Company that have occurred
between the end of the financial year of the Company to which the financial statements relate and the date of this Report.
There has been no material change in the nature of business of the Company.
(c) The Statutory Auditors, Internal Auditors, Cost Auditors and the Secretarial Auditors have not reported any instance of frau d
committed in the Company by its officers and employees in terms of Section 143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly,
no detail is required to be disclosed in pursuance to Section 134(3)(ca) of the Companies Act, 2013.
(d) The Company has neither filed any application under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (31 of 2016), as amended
from time to time, nor has availed one time settlement with respect to any loans from banks or financial institutions.
(e) There were no revisions made in the financial statements and Directors’ Report of the Company.
(f) All the material events have been duly disclosed to the stock exchanges during the year under review.
(g) The company is in compliance with respect to the provisions relating to the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
Statements in the Annual Report, including those which relate to Management Discussion and Analysis describing the Company’s
objectives, projections, estimates and expectations, may constitute ‘forward looking statements’ within the meaning of applicab le
laws and regulations. Although the expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, the actual results might differ.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
The Board of Directors desires to place on record its grateful appreciation for the excellent assistance and constant support/c o-
operation received from the State Government, bankers, investors, vendors etc. and expresses sincere gratitude to valued customers
and other business associates for their persistent faith in the Company’s capabilities. Your Directors also wish to place on re cord
their sincere thanks and infinite appreciations to all the employees of the Company for their timeless efforts, passion and perseverance
and valuable contribution for sustainable growth and satisfactory financial performance of the Company and look forward to thei r
support in future as well.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Harsh V. Lodha Bachh Raj Nahar
Chairman Director
(DIN: 00394094) (DIN: 00049895)
Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 35 ===
30
BIRLA CABLE
ANNEXURE - I
ANNUAL REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES FOR FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON MARCH 31, 2026
1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company:
As per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules framed thereunder, the Company has formulated its CSR Policy
with the vision to actively focus, interalia, on CSR activities, projects and programmes relating to:
(i) Health care including preventive health care and neighborhood activities as per local needs including sanitation and
hygiene services;
(ii) Promoting education and education relating to culture, employment enhancing vocation skills and livelihood enhancement
projects including enabling infrastructure for underprivileged children to access quality education;
(iii) Measures for reducing inequalities faced by socially and economically backward groups;
(iv) Ensuring environment sustainability, ecological balance, animal welfare, conservation of natural resources and maintaining
quality of soil, air and water;
(v) Training to promote rural sports and nationally recognized sports;
(vi) Rural development projects; and
(vii) Disaster management including relief, rehabilitation and reconstruction activities, etc.
as more specifically covered under Schedule VII to the Companies Act, 2013.
2. Composition of CSR Committee:
Sl. Name of Director Designation / Nature of Number of Meeting of Number of Meeting of
No. Directorship CSR Committee held CSR Committee attended
during the year during the year
(a) Shri Harsh V. Lodha Chairman (Non-Executive 2 2
Non-Independent Director)
(b) Shri Bachh Raj Nahar Member (Non-Executive 2 2
Independent Director)
(c) Smt. Kiran Aggarwal Member (Non Executive 2 2
Independent Director)
3. Provide the web-link(s) where Composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects approved by the Board
are disclosed on the website of the Company:
Sl. Particulars Web-link of the website
No.
(a) Composition of CSR Committee https://www.birlacable.com/Committees/CSR.html
(b) CSR Policy https://www.birlacable.com/Policies/CSR.pdf
(c) CSR Project https://www.birlacable.com/Investor_Relation/Other_Information/CSR_Projects/CSR-Projects-2025-26.pdf
4. Provide the executive summary along with web–links(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance
of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable:
Not applicable during the year under review.
5. (a) Average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5) : ` 2497.03 Lakhs
(b) Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5) : ` 49.94 Lakhs
(c) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: NIL
(d) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: NIL
(e) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (5b+5c-5d):  ` 49.94 Lakhs
=== PAGE 36 ===
31
BIRLA CABLE
6. (a) Amount spent on CSR Projects (both ongoing and other than ongoing Project):  ` 49.95 Lakhs
(b) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads : NIL
(c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Not Applicable
(d) Total amount spent for the Financial Year (6a+6b+6c) : ` 49.95 Lakhs
(e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:
(````` in Lakhs)
Amount Unspent
Total Amount transferred to Amount transferred to any fund specified
Unspent CSR Account under Schedule VII as per second
as per section 135(6) proviso to section 135(5)
Amount Date of Transfer Name of the Fund Amount Date of Transfer
49.95 Not Applicable
(f) Excess amount for set off, if any:
(````` in Lakhs)
Sl. Particular Amount
No.
1 Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5). 49.94
2 Total amount spent for the Financial Year. 49.95
3 Excess amount spent for the Financial Year [(ii)-(i)]. 0.01
4 Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous Financial Years, 0.00
if any.
5 Amount available for set off in succeeding Financial Years [(iii) - (iv)]. 0.00
7. Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsib ility amount for the preceding three Financial Years:
(````` in Lakhs)
Sl. Preceding Amount Balance Amount Amount Amount Amount Deficiency,
No. Financial transferred to in Unspent spent in the transferred to remaining if any
Year(s) Unspent CSR CSR Account reporting any fund specified to be spent
Account under under financial under Schedule- in succeeding
sub-section (6) sub-section (6) year VII as per second Financial
of section 135 of section 135 proviso to sub- Years
section (5) of
section 135, if any
Amount Date of
Transfer
NIL
8. Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in
the Financial Year (Yes/No): No
If yes, enter the number of Capital assets created/acquired: NIL
Total Amount Spent for
the Financial Year
=== PAGE 37 ===
32
BIRLA CABLE
Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created through Corporate Social responsibility amount spent in the
Financial Year:
(````` in Lakhs)
Sl. Short particulars Pincode Date of Amount of CSR Details of entity/ Authority/
No. of the property or of the Creation amount spent beneficiary of the
asset(s) (including property registered owner
complete address or asset(s)
and location of
the property)
CSR Name Registered
Registration address
Number, if
applicable
None
9. Specify the reason(s) if the Company has failed to spend two percent of the average net profit as per Section 135(5):
Not Applicable.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Harsh V. Lodha Bachh Raj Nahar
Chairman Director
(DIN: 00394094) (DIN: 00049895)
Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 38 ===
33
BIRLA CABLE
ANNEXURE-II
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members
Birla Cable Limited
Udyog Vihar, P.O. Chorhata
Rewa - 486 006 (M.P.)
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate
practices by Birla Cable Limited (CIN: L31300MP1992PLC007190) (hereinafter called “the Company”) for the financial year ended
March 31, 2026. The secretarial audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the Company’s
corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by
the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the
conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the finan cial
year ended on March 31, 2026 complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder including statutory amendment(s),
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof in force and also that the Company has proper Board processes and compliance
mechanism in place to the extent, and in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter.
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for the
financial year ended on March 31, 2026 according to the provisions of:
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules framed thereunder;
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 as amended by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014 and the Regulations and Bye-laws
framed thereunder;
(iv) The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct
Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings;
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines as amended from time to time prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board
of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’):
(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;
(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (Not
Applicable to the Company during the audit period);
(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021 (Not
Applicable to the Company during the audit period);
(f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993
relating to the Companies Act and dealing with client;
(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021(Not applicable to the Company
during the audit period);
(h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not applicable to the Company
during the audit period); and
(vi) Laws specifically applicable to the industry to which the Company belongs, as identified by the management, that is to say:
(a) The Trademarks Act, 1999;
(b) Hazardous Waste (Management, Handling & Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2008, as amended from time to time;
(c) The Explosives Act, 1884.
=== PAGE 39 ===
34
BIRLA CABLE
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI);
(ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended
(“Listing Regulations”); and
(iii) Listing Agreement(s) entered into by the Company with stock exchanges.
During the period under review, the company has complied with the provisions of the Acts, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards,
etc. mentioned above.
We further report that Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with an optimum combination of Non-Executive
Directors, Independent Directors and Woman Director. There were no changes in the composition of the Board of Directors during
the period under review.
Adequate notices were given to all directors of the Company of the schedule of the Board Meetings and Committee Meetings at
least seven days before the date of the Meeting. The Agenda and detailed notes on agenda were also sent to all the directors of the
Company within the time prescribed therefor in the Secretarial Standard issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India
(including in respect of matters in the nature of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI), which were either circulated
separately at shorter notice i.e. less than seven days prior to the meeting or placed at the meetings of the Board and its Committees
and consent of the Board for so circulating them was duly obtained, as required under the applicable Secretarial Standard SS-1)
and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the Meeting and for
ensuring meaningful participation by the directors at the Meeting(s).
All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings held during the audit period were approved unanimously as recorded in
the Minutes of the Meetings of the Board of Directors or Committee(s) of the Board, as the case may be.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes prevalent in the Company commensurate with the size and
operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
We further report that the Company is in compliance with the requirement of Structured Digital Database (SDD) pursuant to the
provisions of Regulation 3(5) & 3(6) of the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015.
We further report that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on March 21, 2026, has approved the Scheme of
Amalgamation between the Company (“Transferor Company” or Company) and Vindhya Telelinks Limited (“Transferee Company”)
and their respective shareholders and creditors (Scheme) pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules framed thereunder for the amalgamation of the Company into the Transferee Company
w.e.f. the appointed date of April 1, 2026. Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferor Company shall stand dissolved
and the Transferee Company will issue and allot to the equity shareholders of the Transferor Company (other than Transferee
Company), 10 equity shares of the face value of ` 10/- each fully paid of the Transferee Company for every 115 equity shares of
the face value of ` 10/- each fully paid held by them in the Transferor Company. Equity Shares held by the Transferee Company
in the Transferor Company and vice – versa shall stand cancelled and extinguished. The proposed Scheme is subject to necessary
statutory and regulatory approvals under applicable laws, including the approval of the jurisdictional bench of the National Company
Law Tribunal.
We further report that during the audit period, there were no instances of:
(i) Public/Rights/Preferential issue of shares/debentures/sweat equity;
(ii) Redemption/buy-back of equity shares; and
(iii) Foreign technical collaboration.
This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure ‘A’ and forms an integral part of this Report.
For R.K. Mishra & Associates
Company Secretaries
Kishor Kumar Gupta
Partner
CP No. 14474
FCS No. 10847
UDIN: F010847H000442894
Place : Satna (M.P.)
Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 40 ===
35
BIRLA CABLE
Annexure ‘A’
To,
The Members
Birla Cable Limited
Udyog Vihar
P.O. Chorhata
Rewa - 486 006 (M.P.)
Our report of even date provided to Birla Cable Limited (“the Company”) for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 is to be read
along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the secretarial records and legal compliances based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness
of the contents of the Secretarial records and records of legal compliances. The verification was done on test basis to ensure
that correct facts are reflected in secretarial and other relevant records. We believe that the processes and practices, we
followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company as it is
a part of financial audit as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules framed thereunder.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations
and happening of events, etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of
management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test-check basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effecti veness
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For R.K. Mishra & Associates
Company Secretaries
Kishor Kumar Gupta
Partner
CP No. 14474
FCS No. 10847
UDIN: F010847H000442894
Place : Satna (M.P.)
Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 41 ===
36
BIRLA CABLE
ANNEXURE - III
INFORMATION RELATING TO REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS/KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL AS REQUIRED UNDER
SECTION 197(12) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 5(1) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND
REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014.
(1) The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company and the percentage
increase/(decrease) in remuneration of each Director, Manager & CEO, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary of the
Company during the financial year 2025-26 are as under: -
Sl. Name of Director/ KMP and Designation Ratio of remuneration Percentage (%)
No. of each Director to the increase/(decrease)
median remuneration in remuneration
of employees during the financial
year 2025-26
i Shri Harsh V. Lodha - Chairman 0.96 0.00
Non-Executive Non-Independent Director
ii Shri D.R. Bansal 0.45 (53.33)
Non-Executive Non-Independent Director
iii Shri Bachh Raj Nahar 2.88 37.20
Non- Executive Independent Director
iv Smt. Kiran Aggarwal 2.44 37.68
Non-Executive Independent Director
v Shri Pandanda Kariappa Madappa 2.29 38.76
Non-Executive Independent Director
vi Shri Ravindra Pratap Singh 1.81 85.53
Non-Executive Non-Independent Director
vii Shri R. Sridharan (c) 57.17 N.A.
Manager & Chief Executive Officer
viii Shri Somesh Laddha N.A. 9.80
Chief Financial Officer
ix Ms. Suman N.A. N.A.
Company Secretary
Note(s):
(a) The details given hereinabove are on accrual basis. It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid during the year ended
March 31, 2026 is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.
(b) The remuneration paid/payable to Non-Executive Directors comprises of (i) Sitting Fees for attending meeting(s) of the
Board of Directors or any Committee thereof during the financial year 2025-26; and (ii) Remuneration/compensation by
way of profit related commission for the financial year 2025-26, payable to the Non-Executive Directors including
Independent Directors.
(c) Shri R. Sridharan has resigned from the post of Manager & Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company with effect from
January 19, 2026 and as such the percentage increase/decrease in remuneration as compared to previous year
remuneration is not stated.
(d) “Median” means the numerical value separating the higher half of employees of the Company from the lower half and the
median of a finite list of number may be found by arranging all the observations from lowest value to highest value and
picking the middle one.
(2) The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees during the financial year 2025-26 was 9.19% as compared
to previous year.
(3) There were 280 permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on March 31, 2026.
(4) Average increase in the remuneration of employees other than the managerial personnel in the financial year 2025-26 was
around 2.70% whereas the increase in the managerial remuneration for the same financial year has not been stated as Shri R.
Sridharan, Manager & Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company has resigned with effect from January 19, 2026. The
increase in the remuneration of employees (other than workers) was in accordance with annual increment policy of the
Company effective from July 1 each year including performance linked incentive being variable component in respect of select
=== PAGE 42 ===
37
BIRLA CABLE
employees of the Company. The remuneration strategy is driven primarily by goals of aligning compensation with productivity
and performance with the underlying objectives of nurturing and retaining top industry talent in the disruptive market place.
The increase in the wages of workers is governed by Wage Agreement and Variable Dearness Allowance payable in terms of
the notification(s) issued by the state government from time to time. Remuneration of managerial personnel is adjusted
periodically against the industry benchmark besides overall key indicators of financial performance of the Company.
(5) There had been no exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration during the financial year 2025-26.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Harsh V. Lodha Bachh Raj Nahar
Chairman Director
(DIN: 00394094) (DIN: 00049895)
Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 43 ===
38
BIRLA CABLE
ANNEXURE-IV
STATEMENT OF PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES AS REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 197(12) OF THE COMPANIES ACT,
2013 READ WITH RULE 5(2) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL)
RULES, 2014 FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026
Name Designation Nature of Qualification(s) Age Date of Total Gross Previous
Employment (in commencement Experience Remuneration employment/
whether years) of Employment (in years) per Annum designation
contractual ( ````` in lakhs) before joining
or otherwise the Company
Shri R. Sridharan* Manager & Contractual B.Sc 54 19/04/2005 34 222.98 M/s Arihant
CEO  (Applied Optics
Sciences), Limited,
B.S. Hyderabad
(Engineering General
Technology) Manager
(Works)
* Shri R. Sridharan has resigned from the post of Manager & Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company w.e.f. January 19, 202 6.
Note(s):
(1) Gross remuneration comprises of Salary and Allowances, Performance Linked Incentives, Company’s contribution to provident
fund and National Pension Scheme, superannuation fund, perquisites/benefits but specifically does not include provision/
payment towards incremental liability on account of gratuity and compensated absences since actuarial variation for such
provision/payment is done for the Company as a whole.
(2) None of the employees of the Company themselves or along-with their spouse and dependent children, holds 2% or more of
the equity share capital of the Company or is a relative of any Director of the Company and as such disclosure in accordance
with sub-rule 2(iii) of Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is not
applicable.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Harsh V. Lodha Bachh Raj Nahar
Chairman Director
(DIN: 00394094) (DIN: 00049895)
Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 44 ===
39
BIRLA CABLE
ANNEXURE -V
DISCLOSURE OF CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS
AND OUTGO AS PER SECTION 134(3)(m) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND RULE 8(3) OF THE COMPANIES (ACCOUNTS)
RULES, 2014
(A) CONSERVATION OF ENERGY:
The Company has a well-structured energy management system in place and regular efforts are made to optimize process
parameters and conserve energy. Additionally, while undertaking modernization and technological upgradation of production
facilities, due consideration is also given in selection of plant and equipment which conforms to the best in class energy
conservation parameters. The other identified key initiatives for conservation of energy during the financial year 2025-26
were-
(i) The material steps taken or impact on conservation of energy:
• Replaced General Office Fixed Speed AC’s with VRF AC system to optimize power consumption.
• Motion sensing lights were placed at General Office Corridor and common areas to optimize power consumption.
• Replaced old fixed speed AC’s with new energy efficient Inverter AC’s.
• Continuous checking of Compressed air leakages and arresting them then and there, and monitoring on weekly
basis, to optimize Power consumption.
• Continuous load optimization and monitoring of load to maintain maximum demand within specified limits to avoid
penalties.
• Insulation of chilled water section of water cooling trough on extrusion lines and modification of water return path for
minimal heat loss.
• Maintained Power Factor more than 0.995 to get maximum incentive, throughout the year by continuous monitoring
and upkeep of the APFC Panels.
(ii) The capital investment on energy conservation equipments:
• Capital expenditure has not been accounted for separately.
(B) TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION:
(i) The efforts made towards technology absorption:
• We have upgraded our 4 nos. OFC Sheathing Lines with Self Centering Cross Heads, leading to reduced setup time
and reduction in consumption of Sheathing Compound.
• We have replaced the caterpillar in one of the Sheathing Lines with Exit Capstan, which has improved the circularity
of Finished Micro cable.
(ii) In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the financial
year):
• Not applicable as no technology was imported during the last three years.
(iii) The expenditure incurred on Research and Development:
• Research and Development expenditure has not been accounted for separately.
(C) FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO:
During the year, the foreign exchange outgo in terms of actual outflows was ` 6196.62 lakhs while foreign exchange earned in
terms of actual inflows was ` 8708.69 lakhs. The Company continues to make concerted efforts to boost/ for scaling up its
export turnover as a strategy in the new geopolitical scenario.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Harsh V. Lodha Bachh Raj Nahar
Chairman Director
(DIN: 00394094) (DIN: 00049895)
Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 45 ===
40
BIRLA CABLE
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
INDUSTRY STRUCTURE AND DEVELOPMENTS
The Company’s main business activities are manufacturing and sales of all types of Optical Fibre Cables, Copper Telecommunication
Cables, Structured Copper LAN Cables, Specialty cables and allied accessories.
Although the Financial Year 2025-26 ended with subdued demand for Optical Fibre Cables throughout the year, the Structured
Copper LAN Cables segment recorded strong volumes. This resilience in operations continued throughout the year, significantly
uplifting overall performance and enabling the Company to navigate the challenging environment in the telecom sector.
A deep global dearth in Optical Fibre Cable demand drove the industry to historically low levels, severely impacting cable
manufacturers. The Company, however, with exceptional performance in the Structured Copper LAN Cable segment, managed to
withstand this downturn and maintain stability.
Encouragingly, demand for Optical Fibre Cables has shown signs of revival since late March 2026 and is poised to strengthen in
F.Y. 2026–27. With resilient systems and diversified operations, the Company remains well-positioned to withstand cyclical downturns
and capitalize on emerging opportunities.
OVERALL REVIEW
Business Review and Outlook
India’s telecom sector is expected to sustain its strong growth momentum in F.Y. 2026–27, driven by rapid 5G adoption, increasing
fiberisation, and rising data consumption. Mobile subscriptions have surpassed 1,265 million as of March 2026, with Reliance Ji o
(31.6%), Bharti Airtel (23.7%), and BSNL (15.5%) leading the market.
In the Union Budget 2026–27, the Government of India allocated ` 74,000 crore to the Department of Telecommunications, with a
focus on infrastructure revival and supporting BSNL’s 4G and 5G Advanced rollouts. This is expected to drive large-scale fiberisation
of telecom towers and backhaul networks.
The sector is increasingly adopting AI and automation, strengthening the foundation for next-generation digital infrastructure.
Rising investments in data centres are further accelerating demand for specialised telecom and data cables. The Indian wire and
cable industry is projected to grow at a CAGR of 11–13% through FY 2029.
The India telecom market is projected to expand steadily, rising from USD 153.83 billion in 2025 to USD 159.8 billion in 2026, and
further reaching USD 193.34 billion by 2031, reflecting a CAGR of 3.88% between 2026 and 2031. This growth trajectory is
underpinned by sustained mobile-data consumption, accelerating enterprise digital transformation, and a strategic shift from sheer
subscriber volume growth to value-driven service innovation.
Data and internet services already contribute more than 60% of industry revenues, supported by average monthly usage of 30 GB
per subscriber across nearly 490 million active connections. Voice services, though declining, still account for close to 17% o f
revenues, with VoLTE adoption gaining momentum as legacy 2G and 3G networks are phased out. Bundled OTT content, cloud
add-ons, and AI-enabled offerings are steadily lifting ARPU, particularly in urban markets.
Enterprise customers are emerging as the fastest-growing segment, with private 5G networks, edge connectivity, and managed
cloud services driving a 4.29% CAGR in B2B revenues. Competitive intensity remains high, as three dominant operators control
more than 80% of the market, but differentiation is increasingly defined by network quality, ecosystem depth, and AI-driven service
portfolios. Reliance Jio alone carries nearly 8% of global mobile traffic, underscoring India’s data-centric trajectory.
Fixed Wireless Access (FWA) is set to cross 10 million subscriptions by end-2026, offering an alternative broadband pathway in
underserved regions. Affordable pricing combined with dense 5G rollouts positions India to pioneer data-intensive consumer and
industrial applications. Public-sector fibre backbones are lowering the marginal cost of rural rollouts, enabling private carri ers to
extend 4G and 5G coverage into previously uneconomical villages. BSNL’s state-funded 4G rollout, targeting 100,000 sites by
March 2027, exemplifies how government stimulus is de-risking private capital while anchoring demand from e-health, agri-tech,
and e-learning initiatives.
Finally, compliance with India’s data-localization rules is creating parallel demand for locally hosted cloud and connectivity services,
pulling the telecom market into new revenue pools. Together, these dynamics position India’s telecom sector as a resilient, dat a-
driven industry poised to unlock significant consumer and enterprise opportunities through FY 2031.
If we see Global Telecom Market, the FY 2026–27 has begun on a strong note for the Optical Fibre Cable (OFC) business, with
both demand and pricing reaching record levels. Current trends indicate that this favourable environment is likely to continue in the
near to medium term.
North America and Europe (particularly Germany and the UK) are witnessing robust demand for high-speed connectivity, supported
by the rapid expansion of hyperscale data centres. This has significantly increased fibre consumption, leading to supply constraints
and elevated pricing. A major portion of this demand is concentrated in high-count Rollable Ribbon cables. Key global players a re
expanding their offerings to support 5G and fibre infrastructure. Emerging markets in Latin America, Africa, and the Middle Eas t
=== PAGE 46 ===
41
BIRLA CABLE
present significant growth opportunities as countries accelerate digital infrastructure upgrades and mobile connectivity. Key growth
drivers include AI-enabled hyperscale data centres, drone applications, increasing internet penetration, government initiatives ,
smart city projects, and the proliferation of IoT applications.
Broadband delivery in India continues to rely extensively on copper LAN cables, leveraging the strengths of optical fibre cable s in
the backbone network. Enterprise networks, in particular, consume large volumes of structured copper LAN cables, as the hybrid
topology of fibre backbones combined with copper access ensures reliable broadband connectivity in dense application environments.
This hybrid deployment model has become central to meeting subscriber demand, enabling seamless performance across enterprise
and consumer segments. For the cable manufacturing industry, such hybrid use cases translate into significant bulk uptake,
providing a stable and calibrated growth trajectory.
Telecommunication Cables
(A) Optical Fibre Cables (OFC)
The Optical Fibre Cable (OFC) business recorded a marginal decline, closing at ` 10564.95 Lakhs in FY 2025–26, compared
to ` 11516.07 Lakhs in the previous year. This contraction was primarily driven by subdued demand for optical fibre cables
across both domestic and export markets. Of the total, exports contributed ` 7848.84 Lakhs, reflecting the impact of sluggish
global market conditions during the year under review.
(B) Copper Telecommunication/Structured Cables
The Company significantly ramped up sales in the Structured Copper LAN Cable segment, registering a robust increase in
turnover during FY 2025-26 and achieving the highest-ever revenue in this category. Sales rose to ` 66312.66 Lakhs in the
year under review, compared to ` 51520.66 Lakhs in the previous year.
This performance was strongly supported by the Company’s commitment to customer service excellence and its ability to
meet prompt delivery requirements, which has been widely appreciated by leading clients in the segment. With long-standing
customer relationships and a focus on setting industry benchmark standards, the Company is well positioned to continue
fulfilling client needs and sustaining growth in the years ahead.
FINANCIAL REVIEW
(a) The revenue from operations increased by 16.54% to ` 77111.40 Lakhs during the financial year 2025-26 as compared to
` 66165.23 Lakhs during the previous year, primarily due to improved demand and higher market traction in the structured
Cables segment.
(b) The raw material consumption was higher by 0.31% as compared to previous year.
(c) During the year under review, the Finance cost has decreased to ` 1233.51 Lakhs in current year under review as compared
from ` 1371.75 Lakhs in the previous year.
(d) The profit after tax for the year under review stood at ` 1678.78 Lakhs as compared to ` 503.11 Lakhs in the year 2024-25
(e) The Other Equity of the Company stood at ` 25186.95 Lakhs for the year under review.
(f) The additions to the Fixed Assets of ` 191.05 Lakhs during the year is mainly on expansion of existing manufacturing capacity
of the Company.
(g) For detailed information on the financial performance with respect to operational performance, a reference may please be
made to the financial statements.
(h) Details of significant changes in key financial ratios:
Ratios 2025-26 2024-25 Variation Reasons for Change
Interest Coverage Ratio 3.50 1.58 121.48% Increase in Interest Coverage Ratio was primarily
(in Times) attributable to higher profitability driven by increased
turnover and reduction in finance costs during the year.
Operating Profit Margin 3.61 2.30 57.43% Increase in Operating Profit Margin Ratio was primarily
Ratio (in %) attributable to higher profitability driven by increased
turnover and better Operational Performance.
ROE to Net Worth (in %) 7.28 2.25 223.16% Increase in ROE to Net Worth Ratio was primarily
attributable to higher profitability driven by increased
turnover and better Operational Performance.
Net Profit Margin Ratio 2.30 0.80% 186.43% Increase in Net Profit Margin Ratio was primarily
(in %) attributable to higher profitability driven by increased
turnover and better Operational Performance.
=== PAGE 47 ===
42
BIRLA CABLE
Ratios 2025-26 2024-25 Variation Reasons for Change
Return on Capital 8.42 5.52 52.58 Increase in Return on Capital Employed was primarily
Employed (in %) attributable to higher profitability driven by increased
turnover and better Operational Performance.
Return on Investment in 31.84 9.40 238.51 Due to increase in the Market value of investments as
Shares (in %) compared to previous year.
OPPORTUNITIES AND THREATS
India’s telecom sector is entering a transformative phase, powered by rapid 5G rollouts and extensive fiberisation of towers an d
backhaul networks. This infrastructure push is unlocking a new wave of consumer and enterprise applications, positioning the
industry at the forefront of digital innovation.
Fixed Wireless Access (FWA) is emerging as a strong alternative broadband pathway, with subscriptions expected to cross 10
million by 2026. This development is particularly significant for underserved regions, where affordable connectivity can bridge
long-standing digital divides. Complementing this, the Government of India has allocated ` 74000 crore to the Department of
Telecommunications for infrastructure revival and BSNL’s 4G/5G rollout. Such state-backed initiatives are reducing risk for private
capital while accelerating rural coverage. Public sector fibre backbones are further lowering rollout costs, enabling expansion  into
villages that were previously uneconomical to serve. On the enterprise front, private 5G networks, edge connectivity, and managed
cloud services are driving robust growth, with B2B revenues projected to expand at a CAGR of 4.29%. Compliance with India’s
data localization rules is simultaneously creating demand for locally hosted cloud and connectivity services, opening new reven ue
pools for operators.
The consumer market continues to be data-centric, with internet services already contributing more than 60% of industry revenues.
Average monthly usage has reached 30 GB per subscriber across nearly 490 million active connections, ensuring sustained
demand. Rising ARPU is being supported by bundled OTT content, cloud add-ons, and AI-enabled offerings, particularly in urban
markets. AI and automation adoption is strengthening next-generation infrastructure, enabling telecom operators to differentiat e
through service quality and ecosystem depth. By leveraging AI-driven portfolios, operators can enhance customer experience,
reduce churn, and build resilience in a highly competitive market.
At the same time, rising investments in data centres are boosting demand for specialized telecom and data cables, creating strong
linkages between connectivity and digital infrastructure. Beyond traditional telecom services, new demand anchors are emerging
from e-health, agri-tech, and e-learning initiatives, which rely on robust connectivity to scale across India’s diverse landsca pe.
Together, these dynamics highlight a sector that is not only resilient but also poised to unlock significant opportunities acro ss
consumer, enterprise, and public service domains. India’s telecom industry is steadily evolving into a data-driven ecosystem,
laying the foundation for inclusive digital growth through FY 2031.
India’s telecom industry, while poised for growth, faces a series of structural and operational challenges that could weigh on its
long-term profitability. Market concentration remains a defining feature, with Reliance Jio, Bharti Airtel, and BSNL together controlling
more than 80% of the market. This dominance has intensified competitive pressures, leading to price wars and margin erosion. In
such an environment, differentiation is increasingly dependent on network quality and ecosystem depth—both of which demand
heavy capital expenditure.
Voice services, though still contributing around 17% of revenues, are steadily shrinking as legacy 2G and 3G networks are phased
out. Operators must therefore offset this decline by accelerating the shift toward higher-value digital services. Yet, the path forward
is capital-intensive. Large-scale fiberisation, 5G rollouts, and rural expansion require significant investment, raising the ri sk of debt
accumulation and financial stress, particularly for BSNL and smaller players with weaker balance sheets. Regulatory and compliance
factors add further complexity. India’s data localization rules increase costs for global operators, necessitating fresh investment in
local infrastructure. At the same time, policy uncertainty around spectrum pricing and telecom regulations continues to cloud
profitability outlooks. Even with government support, extending coverage into remote areas faces logistical hurdles and slower
monetization, while ARPU uplift remains concentrated in urban markets, leaving rural profitability uncertain.
Technology disruption is another looming challenge. The rapid evolution of AI, cloud, and edge services could outpace operator
readiness, creating gaps in service delivery. Meanwhile, OTT platforms and alternative connectivity solutions such as satellite
broadband and private networks threaten to erode traditional telecom revenues, forcing operators to rethink their business models.
Taken together, these dynamics underscore the delicate balance the Indian telecom sector must maintain. While opportunities
abound in data-driven growth, enterprise services, and digital transformation, the industry must navigate intense competition,
regulatory headwinds, and disruptive technologies to sustain momentum.
=== PAGE 48 ===
43
BIRLA CABLE
RISKS AND CONCERNS
Like any other industry, the telecom sector is exposed to a range of risks and challenges that can arise from time to time. The se
include the non-availability of low-cost financing, logistical bottlenecks, policy uncertainties, taxation issues, shortage of skilled
manpower, foreign exchange fluctuations, and high workforce turnover. Logistics remain a particular concern, both in terms of
sourcing raw materials for manufacturing and distributing finished products to customers. Recent geopolitical disturbances, coupled
with rising transportation costs, have further intensified this challenge.
Additional concerns include foreign exchange volatility, adverse movements in raw material prices, warranty and security obligations,
working capital management, interest rate fluctuations, and contingent liabilities. The Company actively identifies and monitor s
these risks, implementing appropriate mitigation strategies. Its crisis management framework is well-developed, ensuring protection
of business continuity and reputation with stakeholders. Nevertheless, the Company has established systems and robust policies
designed to mitigate such risks and safeguard operations.
Technological
(a) No more traditional copper telecommunication cable requirements in the network are required, as all the telecom operators
are going for optical fibre cables.
(b) Cut-throat competition is the norm which is always prevailing in the cable industry as some of the players offering highly
advantageous price levels to the customers, thereby bringing the margins under huge pressure.
(c) Players offering products with inferior technology, ultimately affecting the network to standards which are not at par with
international ones.
Financial
Financial risks would include, interalia, low-capacity utilization, un-remunerative prices, highly concentrated customers base, shorter
delivery schedule and liquidated damages, foreign exchange exposure and related exchange rates fluctuation, commodity price
including adverse movements in prices of raw-materials, warranty, and security, current or future litigations, working capital
management and interest rate, contingent liabilities, etc. In addition, the credit risks could increase, if the financial condi tion of
Company’s customers declines. The Company regularly identifies and monitors the financial risks as well as potential business
threats and develops appropriate risk mitigation plans. The Company’s crisis management capability is also reasonably honed to
protect its reputation with its stakeholders.
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS
The Company’s financial, operational, compliance, and risk management controls are firmly rooted within its business processes.
These systems provide reasonable assurance regarding operational efficiency, asset security, and the orderly, legitimate conduc t
of business under foreseeable circumstances.
A clearly defined organizational structure, delegated authority levels, internal procedures, and established rules guide the execution
of transactions. To further strengthen governance, the Company has engaged a firm of Chartered Accountants as Internal Auditors.
In addition to conducting periodic audits, they independently review control measures and report their findings to Management and
the Audit Committee. Corrective actions are promptly initiated wherever deviations are identified, ensuring continuous improvement
in internal controls.
ENVIRONMENT & SAFETY
The Company successfully continued with the implementation of occupational health and safety, quality and environmental protection
measures and these are ongoing processes at the Company’s plant and facilities. Various proactive measures have also been
adopted and implemented which, interalia, include adoption of cleaner technologies wherever feasible, conservation of resources
through waste reduction and training of employees with a focus on sustainable development by improving standards on occupational
health & safety and environment protection. As a recognition of these objectives, the entire range of products of the Company
continue to remain certified to the requirement of international standard ISO 14001:2015 (Environmental Management System)
and ISO 45001:2018 (Occupational Health and Safety Management System) by the DNV Business Assurance India Pvt Ltd.
INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS & HUMAN RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT AND CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
The Company sees its relationship with its employees as critical to the future and believes that every employee needs to posses s
apart from competence, capacity and capabilities, sustainable values, current and contemporary which would make them useful,
relevant and competitive in managing the change constructively for overall growth of the organization. To this end, the Company ’s
approach and efforts are directed towards creating a congenial work atmosphere for individual growth, creativity and greater
dedicated participation in organizational development. In-house and external training and instructions are also provided to employees
at all levels, which help in attaining professional and productive culture by a blend of technology and highly skilled manpower .
=== PAGE 49 ===
44
BIRLA CABLE
The Company is committed to maintain good industrial relations through active participation of workers, regular meetings and
discussions on all legitimate and legally tenable issues. The Company employed 280 number of permanent employees on its Roll
as on March 31, 2026.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
Statements in the Management’s Discussion & Analysis Report which seek to describe the Company’s objectives, projections,
estimates, expectations and predictions may be considered to be “forward-looking statements”  as of the date of this report and are
stated as required by applicable laws and regulations. Actual performance and results could differ materially from those expressed
or implied and the Company owes no obligation to publicly update these forward looking statements to reflect subsequent events
or circumstances.  Market data and product analysis contained in this Report has been obtained from internal Company reports
and industry publications, but their accuracy and completeness are not guaranteed and their reliability cannot be assured.
=== PAGE 50 ===
45
BIRLA CABLE
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with Para C of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, the Report on Corporate Governance of Birla Cable Limited (‘the Company”) for the financial year ended March
31, 2026 is set out below:
1. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PHILOSOPHY:
Good Corporate Governance is an integral part of the Company’s management and business philosophy. The Company
operates within accepted standards of propriety and justice with transparency in all dealings, without compromising on integrity,
corporate social responsibility and regulatory compliances concerning business and operations of the Company.
The importance of Corporate Governance lies in its contribution both to business prosperity and to accountability. Corporate
Governance envisages commitment of the Company towards the attainment of high levels of transparency, accountability and
business prosperity with the ultimate objective of realising long term shareholder value, whilst taking into account the intere st
of all other stakeholders for wealth creation. The Company will continue its efforts towards raising its standard in Corporate
Governance and will also review its systems and procedures constantly in order to keep pace with the changing governance
and economic environment.
The Company has complied with the applicable requirements of Corporate Governance and the Disclosures as contained in
this Report are in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Para C of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time (hereinafter referred to as the “Listing Regulations”).
2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
The Board of Directors of the Company comprises of Six (6) Directors including One (1) Independent Woman Director as on
March 31, 2026. The Company has a regular Non-Executive Chairman who is not related to any person occupying management
positions at the level of board of director or at one level below the board of directors as per definition of the term “relativ e”
defined under the Companies Act, 2013. The number of Independent Directors on the Board is Three (3), which is half of the
total number of Directors and all the Directors of the Company are Non-Executive Directors. The composition of Board of
Directors of the Company is materially in compliance with the provisions of Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations. The
composition of the Board of Directors is also in conformity with the provisions of Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013.
None of the Directors on the Board is a member in more than Ten (10) Board level committees or acts as chairman of more
than Five (5) Board level committees across all the public limited companies (listed or unlisted) in which he/she is a Director .
The necessary disclosures regarding Committee memberships/chairmanships have been made by the Directors. None of the
Independent Directors serves as such on the Board of more than Seven (7) listed companies. Further, the Independent
Directors do not serve as Whole-Time Director/Managing Director on the Board of any listed company. None of the Independent
Directors has any material pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company other than (i) the sitting fees payable and
reimbursement of incidental expenses incurred by them for attending the Meeting(s) of Board of Directors and Committee
thereof; and (ii) remuneration/compensation by way of profit related commission or otherwise as permissible for each financial
year commencing on or after April 1, 2019 of such sum or sums in such proportion/manner and upto such extent as the Board
of Directors shall determine from time to time within the overall maximum limit of 1% (One percent) per annum of Net Profits
of the Company for the relevant financial year computed in the manner as laid down in Section 198 and other governing
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules framed thereunder. The Non-Executive Independent Directors fulfil the
conditions of independence specified in Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing
Regulations and individually have submitted a declaration that they meet the criteria of independence and that they are not
aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or impact their ability
to discharge their duties with an objective independent judgment and without any external influence. In the opinion of Board of
Directors, the Independent Directors fulfill the conditions specified in the Companies Act, 2013, Listing Regulations and are
independent of the management. No Independent Director of the Company has resigned before the expiry of his/her tenure.
The terms and conditions of appointment of Independent Directors can be accessed on the Company’s website through given
web link i.e. 
https://www.birlacable.com/Terms-of-Appointment-ID.pdf
During the financial year ended on March 31, 2026, Five (5) Board Meetings were held on May 21, 2025, August 7, 2025,
October 30, 2025, January 29, 2026 and March 21, 2026. The maximum time gap between any two consecutive Meetings was
not more than the period as stipulated under Section 173(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, Regulation 17(2) of the Listing
Regulations and the Secretarial Standard (SS-1) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
=== PAGE 51 ===
46
BIRLA CABLE
The following table gives the composition and category of the Directors on the Board, their attendance at the Board Meetings
during the year and at the last Annual General Meeting, as also the number of Directorships and Committee Memberships/
Chairmanships held by them in other companies:-
Name of the Director Category  Attendance Number of other Directorship(s) and
Particulars Committee Membership(s)/Chairmanship(s)
Board Last Other Committee Committee
Meetings AGM Directorship(s) Membership(s) Chairmanship(s)
Shri Harsh V. Lodha Non-Executive, 5 Yes 14* 1 1
(Chairman)* Non-Independent
Director
Shri Dhan Raj Bansal Non-Executive, 1 No 2 0 0
Non-Independent
Director
Shri Bachh Raj Nahar Non-Executive, 5 Yes 9 8 3
Independent Director
Smt. Kiran Aggarwal Non-Executive, 4 No 0 0 0
Independent Director
Shri Pandanda Kariappa Non-Executive, 4 No 8 3 0
Madappa Independent Director
Shri Ravindra Pratap Non-Executive, 4 No 10 0 0
Singh Non-Independent
Director
* As per the disclosure given by Shri Harsh V. Lodha, Punjab Produce Holdings Ltd., Baroda Agents & Trading Co. Pvt. Ltd., East India
Investment Co. Pvt. Ltd., Gwalior Webbing Co. Pvt. Ltd. and The Punjab Produce & Trading Co. Pvt. Ltd. have filed Form DIR-12 w ith
the Ministry of Corporate Affairs on the basis of an illegal direction from one of the Administrators Pendent Lite (APL) of the  Estate of
Priyamvada Devi Birla purportedly acting on the basis of wrongful interpretation of the judgement and order dated September 18,  2020
of the Learned Single Judge of the High Court at Calcutta that he has ceased to be a director in the said companies. The wrongf ul act
has been done without his knowledge, consent and without any compliance with the provisions of law which has been legally challenged
by him. As per disclosure made by him, there has been no cessation of his directorship in any of these Companies. The judgment and
order dated September 18, 2020 was challenged by him in appeal being A.P.O Nos. 92 of 2020 which has been disposed of by the
Hon’ble Division Bench by a judgement and order dated December 14, 2023 modifying the judgement and order dated September 18,
2020 of the Learned Single Judge in the light of the observations made in the said judgement and order dated December 14, 2023.  The
application being G.A. No. 2 of 2020 and G.A. No. 3 of 2020 filed by him in connection with the illegal and wrongful action of the two of
the joint APLs were also disposed of accordingly. Prior, thereto, the Hon’ble Division Bench by an ad-interim order dated Octob er 1,
2020 passed in the said appeal, clarified the order dated September 18,2020.
All these purported actions/decisions taken by the two of the joint APLs illegally and without following the due process of law  have been
nullified by the judgment and order dated December 14, 2023.
The defendants in the probate suit being T.S. No. 6 of 2004 have preferred Special Leave Petitions from the aforesaid judgement  and
order dated December 14, 2023. The Hon’ble Supreme Court has, by an order dated March 22, 2024 declined to pass any interim order
in such petitions.
Notes:
(i) Number of other Directorships held by the Directors, as mentioned above, includes Directorships in Public Limited and
Private Limited Companies and are based on the latest declarations received from the Directors. The details of Committee
Membership/ Chairmanship is in accordance with Regulation 26(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and reflect the Membership/
Chairmanship of the Audit Committee and the Stakeholders Relationship Committee of all other Indian public limited
companies.
(ii) None of the Non-Executive Directors holds any Equity Shares of the Company as per the declarations received from
them.
(iii) None of the Directors on the Board has inter-se relationship with other Directors of the Company.
=== PAGE 52 ===
47
BIRLA CABLE
(iv) Names of other Listed entities where Directors of the Company are Directors and Category of Directorship are given
herein:
Name of the Director No. of other Names of Listed Entities Category of Directorship
Listed Companies
in which the
Director is a Director
Shri Harsh V. Lodha 4 Universal Cables Ltd. Non-Executive Chairman
(Chairman) Vindhya Telelinks Ltd. Non-Executive Chairman
Birla Corporation Ltd. Non-Executive Chairman
Alfred Herbert (India) Ltd. Non-Executive
Non-Independent Director
Shri Dhan Raj Bansal - - -
Shri Bachh Raj Nahar 3 Universal Cables Ltd. Non-Executive
Independent Director
Vindhya Telelinks Ltd. Non-Executive Independent
Director
Unihealth Hospitals Ltd. Non-Executive Independent
Director
Smt. Kiran Aggarwal - - -
Shri Pandanda 1 Alfred Herbert (India) Ltd. Non- Executive Independent
Kariappa Madappa Director
Shri Ravindra Pratap - - -
Singh
The Company has provided facility for the participation of a Director in Board/Committee meetings through video
conferencing or other audio-visual mode in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the
Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 and circular/notifications issued thereunder from time to
time, and revised Secretarial Standard (SS-1).
The notice and detailed agenda alongwith the relevant notes and other material information are circulated to the Directors
before the meeting including minimum information as required under Regulation 17(7) read with Schedule-II of the Listing
Regulations, to the extent applicable and relevant and in exceptional cases tabled at the meeting with the approval of the
Board of Directors. All the Directors have complete and unrestricted access to any information required by them to
understand the transactions and take decisions. This enables the Board to discharge its responsibilities effectively and
make an informed decision. The compliance report pertaining to all laws applicable to the Company as well as steps
taken by the Company to rectify instances of non-compliances, if any, as prepared and compiled by the Company Secretary
of the Company is circulated to all the Directors along with the Agenda and is placed/reviewed on quarterly basis in the
Board Meeting.
The Board has laid down a Code of Conduct for its Board Members and Senior Management Personnel of the Company
and the same has been posted on the website of the Company and can be accessed through given web link i.e.:
https://www.birlacable.com/Code-of-Conduct.pdf. For the year under review, all Board Members and Senior Management
Personnel of the Company have affirmed their adherence to the provisions of the said Code.
In accordance with Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations, the information including brief resume and profile of
Director retiring by rotation and eligible for re-appointment at the ensuing 34
th Annual General Meeting (AGM) are given
in the Annexure ‘A’ to the Notice of AGM of the Company.
=== PAGE 53 ===
48
BIRLA CABLE
Shri Harsh V.Lodha
Shri D.R. Bansal
Shri Bachh Raj Nahar
Smt. Kiran Aggarwal
Shri P. K. Madappa
Shri R.P. Singh
A skill matrix setting out the core skills/expertise/competencies identified by the Board of Directors as required in the
context of Company’s business(es) and sector(s) for it to function effectively and those actually available with the Board
are stated below:
Identified core skills/expertise/competencies
1. Knowledge and insight of Company’s businesses of Cable, strategic plans, policies
and culture including those policies which are approved by the Board or any committee
of the Board, major risks/threats and potential opportunities and knowledge of the
industry segments in which the Company operates.
2. Behavioral Skills comprising of, interalia, attributes and competencies to use their
knowledge and skills to contribute effectively to the growth of the Company, adequate
commitment to the Board and the Company, demonstration of highest level of integrity
and maintenance of confidentiality, devotion of sufficient time for effective participation
in Board and other meetings, regularity in attending Board and other meetings from
time to time.
3. Business strategy and planning, sales and marketing, Corporate Governance, foreign
exchange management, administration, strategic thinking and decision making, selecting
the leadership team while ensuring that the Company has right strategy in place together
with competitiveness and sustainability of its operations.
4. Financial and Management skills
5. Technical and professional skills and specialised knowledge with respect to Company’s
business and operations.
6. Knowledge of legal regulations to the extent apply and extend to the Company and its
business segments viz. Cable, social and Corporate Social Responsibility activities,
compliance to environmental laws/regulations and other applicable laws, safety and
security of Company’s human resources, property, plant & equipment, etc.
3. AUDIT COMMITTEE:
The Audit Committee has been duly constituted as per applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The Composition of the
Audit Committee as at March 31, 2026 is given below:
Name of the Member Designation Category
Shri Bachh Raj Nahar Chairman Non-Executive Independent Director
Smt. Kiran Aggarwal Member Non-Executive Independent Director
Shri Pandanda Kariappa Madappa Member Non-Executive Independent Director
All the members of the Audit Committee are financially literate and possess expertise in accounting and financial management.
The Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary to the Audit Committee as required by Regulation 18(1)(e) of
the Listing Regulations.
The composition, quorum, powers, role and scope of Audit Committee and information being reviewed by the Audit Committee
are in accordance with Regulation 18(3) read with Part-C of Schedule-II of the Listing Regulations as well as Section 177 of
the Companies Act, 2013. The Terms of Reference of Audit Committee, interalia, include the following:
(i) Oversight of the company’s financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure that the
financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible;
(ii) Recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of auditors of the Company;
(iii) Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors;
=== PAGE 54 ===
49
BIRLA CABLE
(iv) Reviewing with the management the Annual Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report thereon before submission to
the Board for approval, with particular reference to:
• Matters required to be included in the Director’s Responsibility Statement to be included in the Board’s report in
terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3 of section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;
• Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same;
• Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgment by management;
• Significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings;
• Compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements;
• Disclosure of any related party transactions;
• Modified opinion(s), if any, in the draft audit report.
(v) Reviewing with the management the quarterly financial statement before submission to the Board for approval;
(vi) Reviewing with the management the statement of uses/application of funds raised through an issue (Public Issue,
Rights Issue, Preferential Issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated in the offer
document/prospectus/notice and the report submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring the utilisation of proceeds
of a Public or Rights Issue or preferential issue or qualified institutional placement, and making appropriate
recommendations to the Board to take up steps in this matter;
(vii) Reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s independence and performance and effectiveness of audit process;
(viii) Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the Company with related parties;
(ix) Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;
(x) Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary;
(xi) Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems;
(xii) Reviewing with the management performance of statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of the internal control systems;
(xiii) Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including the structure of the internal audit department,
staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage and frequency of internal
audit;
(xiv) Discussion with internal auditors of any significant findings and follow up there on;
(xv) Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is suspected
fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting the matter to the Board;
(xvi) Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well as post-
audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern;
(xvii) To look into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to the depositors, debenture holders, shareholders (in
case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors;
(xviii) To review the functioning of the Whistle Blower Mechanism;
(xix) Approval of appointment of Chief Financial Officer after assessing the qualifications, experience and background, etc.
of the candidate;
(xx) Reviewing the utilization of loans and/or advances from/investment by the holding Company in the subsidiary exceeding
rupees ` 100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower including existing loans/advances/
investments;
(xxi) Cons ideration and comment on rationale, cost-benefits and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger,
amalgamation etc., on the Company and its shareholders; and
(xxii) Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the Terms of Reference of the Audit Committee.
Details of Meetings of the Audit Committee held during the year and attendance thereof are given below:
Name of the Member Meetings held and attendance particulars
May 21, 2025 August 7, 2025 October 30, 2025 January 29, 2026 March 21, 2026
Shri Bachh Raj Nahar Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Smt. Kiran Aggarwal Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Shri Pandanda Kariappa Madappa Yes Yes No Yes Yes
=== PAGE 55 ===
50
BIRLA CABLE
The Meetings of Audit Committee were also attended by the Secretary of the Committee and the necessary quorum was
present at all the Meetings. The Statutory Auditors are permanent invitees to the Audit Committee Meetings. The Internal
Auditors attended the meetings on half yearly basis. The Manager & Chief Executive Officer and other invited executives also
attended the Meetings to answer and clarify the issues raised at the Meetings. The Minutes of the Audit Committee Meeting(s)
were noted at the Board Meeting(s).
4. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE:
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has been duly constituted as per applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
The Composition of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee as at March 31, 2026 is given below:
Name of the Member Designation Category
Shri Bachh Raj Nahar Chairman Non-Executive Independent Director
Shri Pandanda Kariappa Madappa Member Non-Executive Independent Director
Smt. Kiran Aggarwal Member Non-Executive Independent Director
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee constituted by the Board of Directors of the Company, acts in consonance with
the prescribed provisions of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 19(4) read with Part-D of Schedule-II of
the Listing Regulations. The Terms of Reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee as approved by the Board
of Directors of the Company are briefly set out below:
(i) to identify persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior management in accordance
with the criteria laid down, recommend to the Board for their appointment and removal;
(ii) to specify the manner for effective evaluation of performance of Board, its Committees and individual directors to be
carried out either by the Board, by the Committee or by an independent external agency and review its implementation
and compliance;
(iii) to formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director and recommend
to the Board a policy relating to, the remuneration for the directors, key managerial personnel and other employees;
(iv) For every appointment of an independent director, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall evaluate the
balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description of
the role and capabilities required of an independent director. The person recommended to the Board for appointment as
an independent director shall have the capabilities identified in such description. For the purpose of identifying suitable
candidates, the Committee may:
a. use the services of an external agencies, if required;
b. consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and
c. consider the time commitments of the candidates.
(v) to formulate the criteria for evaluation of performance of Independent Directors and the Board of Directors;
(vi) to devise a policy on Board diversity;
(vii) to recommend whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the Independent Director, on the basis of the
report of performance evaluation of Independent Directors; and
(viii)to recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to Senior Management.
Details of Meetings of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee held during the year and attendance thereof are given
below:
Name of the Member Meetings held and attendance particulars
May 21, 2025 August 7, 2025 March 21, 2026
Shri Bachh Raj Nahar Yes Yes Yes
Shri Pandanda Kariappa Madappa Yes Yes Yes
Smt. Kiran Aggarwal Yes Yes Yes
=== PAGE 56 ===
51
BIRLA CABLE
The Company Secretary of the Company who acts as Secretary of the Committee was present at the Meetings and the
necessary quorum was also present at each of the meetings. The Minutes of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Meeting(s) were noted at the Board Meeting(s).
4.1 Remuneration Policy
The Company’s Remuneration Policy, inter-alia, provides a framework for remuneration to the members of the Board of
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs) and Senior Management Personnel (SMPs). The said Policy earmarks the
principles of remuneration to enable the Company to provide a well-balanced and performance related compensation
package to KMPs/SMPs, taking into account shareholders’ interests, industry practices and relevant corporate regulations
in India. The remuneration for the Senior Management including Manager & CEO and other KMPs mainly consists of
salary, allowances, benefits, perquisites and retirement/post-retirement benefits which are fixed components and
performance linked incentive/yearly special allowance being variable component to select cadre of employees. The overall
performance of the individual is a key consideration when determining salary increase and determination of performance
linked incentive. Independent Directors/Non-Executive Directors are paid remuneration by way of Sitting Fees and
reimbursement of expenses for participation in the Meeting(s) of the Board of Directors of the Company or any duly
constituted Committee thereof and/or such other payments/benefits (excluding stock options, if any), including remuneration/
compensation by way of profit related commission or otherwise as permissible for each financial year commencing on or
after April 1, 2019 of such sum or sums in such proportion/manner and upto such extent as the Board of Directors shall
determine from time to time within the overall maximum limit of 1% (One percent) per annum of Net Profits of the Company
for the relevant financial year computed in the manner as laid down in Section 198 and other governing provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013 and rules framed thereunder. Further, the maximum remuneration payable to the Non-Executive
Directors including Independent Directors shall be within overall limits as defined in the Companies Act, 2013 and rules
framed thereunder read with Circulars/Guidelines issued by the Central Government and other authorities from time to
time, subject to approvals of shareholders, as and when required. The premium paid by the Company for the Directors
and Officers Liability Insurance Policy taken by the Company on behalf of its Directors for indemnifying them against any
liability in respect of any negligence, default, misfeasance, breach of duty or breach of trust is not treated as part of the
remuneration. The Remuneration Policy of the Company has been posted on the website of the Company and can be
accessed through given web link i.e. 
https://www.birlacable.com/Policies/Remuneration.pdf.
4.2 Remuneration of Directors
The remuneration paid/payable to Non-Executive Directors comprises of (i) Sitting Fees for attending meeting(s) of the
Board of Directors or any Committee thereof during the financial year 2025-26; and (ii) Remuneration/compensation by
way of profit related commission for the financial year 2025-26, payable to each of the Non-Executive Directors including
Independent Directors.
The details of Remuneration paid to the Independent/Non-Executive Directors during the year are as under:
(
` in lakhs)
Name of the Directors Sitting Remuneration/Compensation Total
Fees by way of Commission
Shri Harsh V. Lodha 3.75 - 3.75
Shri Dhan Raj Bansal 0.75 1.00 1.75
Shri Bachh Raj Nahar 6.25 5.00 11.25
Smt. Kiran Aggarwal 5.50 4.00 9.50
Shri Pandanda Kariappa Madappa 4.95 4.00 8.95
Shri Ravindra Pratap Singh 3.05 4.00 7.05
Notes:
(a) Sitting fees include fees paid for attending Committee Meetings.
(b) The Company does not have any scheme for grant of Stock Options to its Directors or other employees.
(c) None of the employees is related to any of the Directors of the Company.
(d) The Company has also obtained “Directors and Officers Liability Insurance” for all the Directors including Independent
Directors as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company.
=== PAGE 57 ===
52
BIRLA CABLE
5. STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE:
The Stakeholders Relationship Committee has been constituted as per applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The
Composition of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee as at March 31, 2026 is given below:
Name of the Member Designation Category
Shri Bachh Raj Nahar Chairman Non-Executive Independent Director
Smt. Kiran Aggarwal Member Non-Executive Independent Director
Shri Ravindra Pratap Singh Member Non-Executive Non-Independent Director
The Terms of Reference of Stakeholders Relationship Committee as approved by the Board of Directors are briefly set out
below:
(i) To approve issuance of duplicate share certificate(s), issue of fresh certificate(s) on consolidation/sub-division of share
Certificate(s) and also for issuance of share Certificate(s) on rematerialisation of equity shares of the Company;
(ii) To approve or authorise transmission/consolidation/sub-division/dematerialisation or rematerialisation of equity shares of
the Company;
(iii) Resolving the grievances of the shareholders including complaints related to transfer/transmission of shares, non-receipt
of annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate certificates, general meetings etc;
(iv) Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders;
(v) Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the Company in respect of various services being rendered by
the Registrar and Share Transfer Agents; and
(vi) Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends
and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the Company. 
Details of Meeting of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee held during the year and attendance thereof are given below:
Name of the Member Meeting held and attendance particulars
March 21, 2026
Shri Bachh Raj Nahar Yes
Smt. Kiran Aggarwal Yes
Shri Ravindra Pratap Singh Yes
The Company Secretary of the Company also functions as the Compliance Officer.
The Secretarial Department of the Company and the Registrar and Share Transfer Agents viz. MUFG Intime India Private
Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited) attend to all grievances of the shareholders received directly or
through SEBI, Stock Exchanges, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Registrar of Companies, etc. The Minutes of the Stakeholders
Relationship Committee Meeting is circulated to the Board of Directors for its noting at the Board Meeting.
During the year under review two (2) complaints (excluding those correspondences which are not in the nature of complaints)
were received from shareholders and investors directly or through regulatory authorities, which were promptly attended to and
resolved to the satisfaction of the complainants. No investor grievances remained unattended/pending for more than thirty
(30) days as on March 31, 2026 except disputed cases and sub-judice matters, which would be resolved on final disposal of
the cases by the judicial and other authorities.
6. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE:
The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee has been constituted by the Board of Directors of the Company in compliance
to the provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read together with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility
Policy) Rules, 2014. The Composition of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee as at March 31, 2026 is given below:
Name of the Member Designation Category
Shri Harsh V. Lodha Chairman Non-Executive Non-Independent Director
Shri Bachh Raj Nahar Member Non-Executive Independent Director
Smt. Kiran Aggarwal Member Non-Executive Independent Director
The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee was constituted by the Board of Directors of the Company in pursuance to the
provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read together with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility
Policy) Rules, 2014.
=== PAGE 58 ===
53
BIRLA CABLE
The Terms of Reference of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of the Company are as under:
(i) To formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate Social Responsibility(CSR) Policy which shall indicate the CSR
activities to be undertaken by the Company as specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 read together with
the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amendment(s) thereof, if any, from time to time;
(ii) To recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the CSR activities in a financial year;
(iii) To monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of the Company from time to time; and
(iv) Any other matter/things as may be considered expedient by the members in furtherance of and to comply with the
Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of the Company.
Details of Meeting of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee held during the year and attendance thereof are given
below:
Name of the Member Meetings held and attendance particulars
August 7, 2025 January 29, 2026
Shri Harsh V. Lodha Yes Yes
Shri Bachh Raj Nahar Yes Yes
Smt. Kiran Aggarwal Yes Yes
The Company Secretary of the Company who acts as Secretary of the Committee was present at the Meeting and the
necessary quorum was also present at each of the meeting. The Minutes of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Meeting was noted at the Board Meeting.
7. SENIOR MANAGEMENT:
Particulars of the Senior Management including the changes therein since the close of the previous financial year is given as
hereunder:
Sl. Name Designation As on As on
No. March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
(i) Shri R. Sridharan* Manager & CEO ×
(ii) Shri Devesh R Dakwale Vice President (Marketing)
(iii) Shri M. Sridhar Vice President (Works)
& Factory Manager
(iv) Shri Jagdish Kumar Mahajan Vice President (Sales Support)
(v) Shri Deepan Gupta Vice President (Supply Chain)
(vi) Shri Devraj Dhangar AGM-HR, IR & Admin
(vii) Shri Somesh Laddha Chief Financial Officer
(viii) Ms. Suman Company Secretary
* Shri R. Sridharan has resigned from the post of Manager & CEO of the Company w.e.f. January 19, 2026.
8. INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS’ MEETING:
During the year under review, a separate meeting of Independent Directors was held on March 21, 2026, inter-alia, to discuss:
(i) Evaluation and review of the performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board of Directors as a whole;
(ii) Evaluation and review of the performance of the Chairman of the Company, taking into account the views of the Non-
Executive Directors; and
(iii) Evaluation and access of the quality, content and timeliness of flow of information between the Company management
and the Board of Directors that is necessary for the Board of Directors to effectively and reasonably perform its duties.
All the Independent Directors of the Company were present at the meeting.
9. PERFORMANCE EVALUATION OF BOARD, COMMITTEES AND DIRECTORS:
Pursuant to the governing provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Listing Regulations and Guidance Note on Board
Evaluation issued by SEBI, a formal annual evaluation was carried out by the Board of its own performance and that of its
Committees and the performance of Individual Directors. During the year under review, one meeting of the Independent
Directors of the Company was held on March 21, 2026, without the presence of Non-Independent Directors and management
=== PAGE 59 ===
54
BIRLA CABLE
representatives, wherein the performance of Non-Independent Directors, Chairman (Non-Executive) and the Board of Directors
as a whole were reviewed. The review of performance of the Chairman of the Company was carried out, inter alia, taking into
account the views of the Non-Executive Directors. The Independent Directors also assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness
of flow of information between the Company management and the Board of Directors that is necessary for the Board of
Directors to effectively and reasonably perform their duties.
The performance evaluation of Board, its Committees and Individual Directors was carried out by the entire Board, excluding
the director being evaluated, inter-alia, taking into account the criteria for evaluation formulated by the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee. The Board, its Committees and Directors evaluation provided a formal process of communication
in raising issues that might not otherwise be vetted by the Board, with the underlying objectives to develop an action plan to
enhance the Board performance, inter-alia, by ensuring compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 and
code of corporate governance as enshrined in the Listing Regulations.
The structured evaluation process was focused on identifying areas of improvement, if any, such as creating balance of power
between the Board and management, long term strategy, more effectively fulfilling the Board’s oversight responsibilities, the
adequacy of committee(s) structures, the assessment of Board culture to ascertain whether the same is conducive to attract
right individuals to join the Board and updating the evaluation process itself.
A review of fiduciary duties of the Board, governance policy adopted by the Company and acquaintance and familiarisation of
Independent Directors with the Company and its business model, their roles, rights, responsibilities in the Company, nature of
the industry in which the Company operates, etc. and contribution by each Director, committees of the Board was also carried
out during the process of evaluation.
The final evaluation was thereafter deliberated and assessed taking into account inputs from the Board about evaluation of
Individual Directors and various Committees of the Board and suggesting action plan for further enhancing Board performance
and plan for next Board, its Committee(s) and individual Directors evaluation.
10. GENERAL BODY MEETINGS:
Location and time where General Body Meetings were held in last three years are given below:
Financial Year Venue of the Meeting Type of Date of Meeting Time of
Meeting Meeting
2024-25 Registered Office of the 33 rd AGM September 12, 2025 10.00 A.M.
Company - Udyog Vihar, P.O. Chorhata,
Rewa - 486 006 (M.P.)
2023-24 Same as above 32 nd AGM August 2, 2024 11.30 A.M.
2022-23 Same as above 31 st AGM September 11, 2023 4.30 P.M.
All the resolutions set out in the respective notices of the above meetings were passed by the members as ordinary resolutions
except the Special Resolution concerning retirement by rotation of Shri Dhan Raj Bansal (DIN: 00050612), Director whose
age is more than seventy-five (75) years and being eligible, offered himself for re-appointment, which was passed by shareholders
of the Company with requisite majority at 32
nd AGM of the Company held on August 2, 2024.
None of the businesses proposed to be transacted in the ensuing Annual General Meeting requires passing a Special Resolution
through Postal Ballot mandatorily.
11. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION:
(a) Quarterly Financial Results:
Quarterly financial results are taken on record by the Board of Directors and submitted to the Stock Exchanges as per
requirements of the Listing Regulations.
(b) Newspapers wherein results are normally published:
English Newspaper – Financial Express (All editions)
Vernacular Newspaper–Dainik Jagran (Rewa edition)
(c) Any website, where displayed: 
https://www.birlacable.com
(d) Whether it also displays official news releases:  No
(e) The presentations made to institutional investors or to the analysts:  Nil
=== PAGE 60 ===
55
BIRLA CABLE
12. GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION:
12.1 Company Registration Details : L31300MP1992PLC007190
12.2 Annual General Meeting:
• Date and Time : August 3, 2026 at 4.45 P.M
• Venue : Registered Office of the Company at
Udyog Vihar, P.O. Chorhata,
Rewa – 486 006 (M.P.)
12.3 Financial Year : Begins on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the following year.
12.4 Financial Calendar (2026-27):
(tentative)
Quarterly Financial Results:
ending June 30, 2026 : On or before second week of August, 2026
ending September 30, 2026 : On or before second week of November, 2026
ending December 31, 2026 : On or before second week of February, 2027
ending March 31, 2027 : On or before fourth week of May, 2027
12.5 Record Date : Monday, July 27, 2026
12.6 Dividend paymet date : On or before August 31, 2026
12.7 Listing on Stock Exchanges : (a) BSE Limited (BSE)
(ISIN Number: INE800A01015) Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Fort, Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 500060
(b) National Stock Exchange of
India Ltd. (NSE)
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G.Block,
Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East),
Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip Code: BIRLACABLE
The Company has timely paid the annual listing fees for the financial year 2025-26 as well as 2026-27 to BSE & NSE.
12.8 Registrar and Share Transfer Agents : MUFG Intime India Private Limited
(Formerly Known as Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.)
C-101, Embassy 247,
L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West)
Mumbai – 400 083
Phone : +91-22-49186000
Fax : +91-22-49186060
Email :
investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
12.9 Share Transfer System
It is now mandatory for listed companies to issue securities in dematerialised mode only while processing any investor
service request viz. issue of duplicate securities certificates, claim from unclaimed suspense account, renewal/exchange
of securities certificate, endorsement, sub-division/splitting of securities certificate, consolidation of securities certificates/
folios, transmission and transposition, in compliance with Regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations.
The requirement of issuance of Letter of Confirmation (LOC) has been done away with in terms of SEBI Circular No.
HO/38/13/(3)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3763/2026 dated January 30, 2026. Under the revised framework effective from April
2, 2026, RTA shall directly credit securities to the demat account of the investor, after carrying out necessary due
diligence. This will reduce the timeline for credit of securities from approximately 150 days to 30 days, while also
mitigating risks associated with loss or pilferage of LOC. Investor service requests shall be accompanied with a copy of
latest Client Master List (CML) of the demat account, not older than two months and duly attested by the Depository
Participant.
=== PAGE 61 ===
56
BIRLA CABLE
Special Window for Re-lodgement of Transfer Requests of Physical Shares:
Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. HO/38/13/11(2)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3750/2026 dated January 30, 2026, another Special
Window for transfer and dematerialisation (“demat”) of physical securities has been opened for a period of one year
from February 5, 2026 to February 4, 2027, for those investors who had sold/purchased physical securities of the
Company prior to April 1, 2019; and (i) had not lodged the physical securities for transfer; or (ii) had lodged the physical
securities for transfer but the same were rejected/returned/not attended to due to deficiency in the documents/process/
or otherwise.
12.10 (a) Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2026 :
Number of Equity Shares held Number of % of Number of % of
Shareholders Shareholders Shares held Shareholding
1 – 500 45852 94.38 4140111 13.80
501 – 1000 1596 3.29 1235413 4.12
1001 – 2000 655 1.35 973405 3.25
2001 – 3000 189 0.39 480781 1.60
3001 – 4000 94 0.19 336548 1.12
4001 – 5000 74 0.15 353264 1.18
5001 – 10000 64 0.13 465933 1.55
10001 and above 58 0.12 22014545 73.38
GRAND TOTAL 48582 100.00 30000000 100.00
Physical Mode 3255 6.70 504794 1.68
Electronic Mode 45327 93.30 29495206 98.32
 (b) Category of Shareholders as on March 31, 2025:
Category Number of % of No.of % of
Shareholders Shareholders Shares held Shareholding
Promoter & Promoter Group 13 0.03 19905743 66.35
Financial Institutions/Banks 4 0.01 2220 0.01
Individuals 47213 97.18 8307794 27.69
Trusts/Hindu Undivided Family/LLP 631 1.30 454898 1.52
Non Resident Indian 531 1.09 246697 0.82
Director’s and their Relative 1 - 5100 0.02
Persons Acting in Concert 6 0.01 91340 0.30
Unclaimed Shares 2 0.01 1310 -
Clearing Members 12 0.02 7325 0.03
Bodies Corporate 168 0.35 267634 0.89
Investor Education and Protection 1 - 709939 2.37
Fund (IEPF)
GRAND TOTAL 48582 100.00 30000000 100.00
12.11 Dematerialisation of Shares and liquidity: 29495206 equity shares representing 98.32% of the total Equity Capital of
the Company are held in a dematerialised form with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository
Services (India) Limited (CDSL) as on March 31, 2026.
Company’s shares are reasonably liquid and quite actively traded on the BSE Limited (BSE) and National Stock Exchange
of India Ltd. (NSE) during the financial year 2025-26. Relevant data for the approximate average daily turnover in terms
of volume for the financial year 2025-26 is given below:
BSE NSE BSE+NSE
9185 83511 92696
(Source: This information is compiled from the data available on the websites of BSE and NSE)
=== PAGE 62 ===
57
BIRLA CABLE
12.12 Outstanding GDRs/ADRs/ Warrants or any Convertible instruments, Conversion date and likely Impact on
equity: The Company has not issued any of these instruments so far.
12.13 Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging activities:
Commodity Risk:
i. Risk Management Policy with respect to commodities including through Hedging
Commodities form a major part of business of the Company and hence commodity price risk is one of the critical
risks for the Company. The Company has established procedure to periodically place before the Audit Committee,
the risk assessment and minimization initiatives and steps taken by the Company to mitigate the various risks
including but not limited to commodity price risk. The Company has a robust framework in place to protect the
Company’s interest from risks arising out of market volatility and time to time to apprise the Audit Committee of the
Board about the risk assessment and minimisation procedures covering the entire gamut of business operations of
the Company. These procedures are periodically reviewed to ensure that executive management controls risk by
means of a properly defined framework. The Company has not entered into any type of hedging of Commodities
during the year under review.
ii. Exposure of the Company to commodity and commodity risks faced by the Company throughout the
Financial Year 2025-26
a. Total exposure of the Company to commodities - ` 48933.19 Lakhs
b. Exposure of the Company to various commodities:
% of such exposure hedged through
commodity derivatives
Domestic market International market Total
OTC Exchange OTC Exchange
Copper 48933.19 5091 - - - - -
iii. Commodit y Risks faced by the Company during the Financial Year 2025-26 and how they have been managed
The Company is affected by the price volatility of aforesaid commodities. Its operating activities require the purchase
of raw material for manufacturing of Cables and therefore, requires a continuous supply of certain raw materials
such as optical fibre, plastic and polymer copper etc. To mitigate the commodity price risk, the Company has an
approved supplier base to get the best competitive prices for the commodities and also to manage the cost without
any compromise on quality.
Foreign Exchange Risk:
The Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from import and export transactions primarily denominated
in USD and Euro. The volatility in forex markets has increased in the last few years mainly due to ongoing
geo-political reasons as also uncertain policy outlook of major economies. The risk arising out of exchange rate
fluctuations is managed as per “Forex Risk Management Policy”. The un-hedged exposure is critically examined
on a continuous basis and hedging decisions are taken after evaluating prevailing exchange rates against the
benchmark rates along with currency trends and price forecast, to ensure that no significant exposure remains un-
hedged.
The details of foreign currency exposure and the exposure to Commodity and Commodity risk faced by the Company
are disclosed in Note No(s) 46(a)(i) and 46(a)(iii) respectively to the financial statements.
12.14 Unclaimed Dividends:  The amount of dividends remaining unpaid/unclaimed for seven (7) years from the date of its
transfer to the Unpaid Dividend Accounts of the Company is required to be transferred to the Investor Education and
Protection Fund (IEPF) administered by the Central Government. The Company has transferred ` 9,74,122/- being the
unpaid and unclaimed dividend amount for the financial year 2017-18 on September 19, 2025 to the Investor Education
and Protection Fund to the Central Government.
The Company has also transferred 106967 Equity Shares to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) Authority
on October 4, 2025 in compliance of Section 124(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Investor Education and
Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016.
The details of unpaid/unclaimed dividend are available on the website of the Company i.e. 
https://www.birlacable.com
Commodity
Name
Exposure in INR
towards the
particular
commodity
(````` in Lakhs)
Exposure in
Quantity terms
towards the
particular
commodity
=== PAGE 63 ===
58
BIRLA CABLE
Details of Unpaid/Unclaimed Dividend lying in the Unpaid Dividend Account(s) and the corresponding shares with due
date for transfer to IEPF is given below:
Year Type of Unpaid/unclaimed dividend lying Corresponding Due date for
dividend in the unpaid-account as on Share transfer to IEPF
March 31, 2026 (in `````)
2018-19 Equity 1891436.00 945718 11.09.2026
2019-20 Dividend Not Declared
2020-21 Equity 956525.00 960411 29.10.2028
2021-22 Equity 645409.00 434086 29.10.2029
2022-23 Equity 1134345.00 460000 17.10.2030
2023-24 Equity 1004061.50 580874 08.09.2031
2024-25 Dividend Not Declared
12.15 Plant Location:
Udyog Vihar Industrial Area, P.O. Chorhata, Rewa (M.P.)- 486 006, India
12.16 Address for Correspondence :
MUFG Intime India Private Limited
(Formerly known as Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.)
C-101, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg,
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400 083
Phone : +91-22-49186000, Fax: +91-22-49186060
Email :
investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
OR
Share Department,
Birla Cable Ltd.,
Udyog Vihar, P.O. Chorhata,
Rewa (M.P.)-486 006,
Phone : +91-7662-400580, Fax: +91-7662-400680
Email :
investorgrivance@birlacable.com
 12.17 Details of Credit Ratings assigned/re-affirmed to the Company during financial year 2025-26: The details of
Credit Ratings assigned/re-affirmed to the Company during financial year 2025-2026 are stated herein:
Sl. Credit Rating Type of Amount of Borrowing Whether reviewed In case of reviewed
No. Obtained Borrowing (````` in Crores) rating or fresh rating rating, earlier rating
1. CARE A+ (CE); Long-Term 120.00 Reviewed CARE A+ (CE);
Negative [Single A Bank Facilities Stable[Single A
Plus (Credit Plus (Credit
Enhancement); Enhancement;
Outlook: Negative] Outlook: Stable]
2. CARE A1+ (CE) Short-Term 176.00 Reviewed CARE A1+ (CE)
[A One Plus (Credit Bank Facilities [A One Plus
Enhancement)] (Credit Enhancement)]
3. CARE BBB+;Stable Long-Term 55.00 Reviewed CARE BBB+;
[Triple B Plus; Bank Facilities (Reduced Stable [Triple B Plus;
Outlook: Stable] From 70.00) Outlook: Stable]
CARE Ratings Ltd., in its press release dated April 1, 2026, has downgraded the ratings of the Company’s long-term
bank facilities of ` 120.00 crore to “CARE A (CE)” and its short-term bank facilities of ` 176.00 crore to “CARE A1
(CE)”. The ratings have also been placed on ‘Rating Watch with Developing Implications (RWD).
=== PAGE 64 ===
59
BIRLA CABLE
13. OTHER DISCLOSURES:
(a) There were no materially significant related party transactions during the financial year 2025-26 which are considered to
have potential conflict with the interests of the Company at large. Particulars and nature of transactions with the related
parties in summary form, entered into during the year ended March 31, 2026, in the ordinary course of business of the
Company and at arm’s length basis are disclosed in compliance with the Indian Accounting Standard on “Related Party
Disclosures” in Note No. 40(A) of Notes to financial statements in the Annual Report.
(b) The Company has complied with the requirements of Stock Exchanges, Securities and Exchange Board of India and
other statutory authorities /regulatory on matters relating to capital markets during the last three (3) years and consequently
no penalties or strictures have been imposed on the Company by any of these authorities.
(c) The Company has adopted a Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy for developing a culture where it is safe for all
directors/employees to raise concerns about any unacceptable practice and any event of misconduct. The Policy allows
unrestricted access to all employees and others to approach the Audit Committee and there has been no instance during
the year where any personnel has been denied access to the Audit Committee. The quarterly report with number of
complaints received, if any, under the policy and their outcome is placed before the Audit Committee.
(d) The Company has generally complied with all the mandatory requirements as stipulated under Regulation 34(3) read with
Para C of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, to the extent applicable to the Company.
(e) The Company’s wholly owned unlisted subsidiary incorporated outside India is not a material subsidiary as defined in
Regulation 24 of the Listing Regulations. Accordingly, requirement to nominate an independent director of the Company
on the Board of the subsidiary is not applicable for the time being. The Audit Committee of the Company periodically
reviews the financial statements, in particular, the investments made by the unlisted subsidiary company. The Policy for
determining the ‘material’ subsidiaries is in accordance with the definition of ‘material subsidiary’ as contained in Regulation
16(1)(c) of the Listing Regulations and the same is available on the website of the Company through weblink:
https://www.birlacable.com/Policies/Material-Subsidiaries.pdf.
(f) The Company has formulated a policy on materiality of Related Party Transactions and also on dealing with Related Party
Transactions. The said Policy is available on the website of the Company and can be accessed through weblink:
https://www.birlacable.com/Policies/RPT.pdf.
(g) The disclosure of commodity price risks and hedging activities is provided under section ‘General Shareholder Information’
at Sr.No.12.13.
(h) The Company has not raised any funds through preferential allotment or qualified institutional placement during the year
under review.
(i) A Certificate has been obtained from Shri Rajesh Kumar Mishra, Company Secretary in Whole-Time Practice that none of
the Directors on the Board of the Company has been debarred or disqualified from being appointed/re-appointed or
continuing as Director of companies by SEBI/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority as on March 31,
2026, is annexed to this report.
(j) There is no recommendation of any committee of Board which has not been accepted by the Board during the year under
review.
(k) Total fees for all services paid by the Company on a consolidated basis, to the Statutory Auditors of the Company was
` 23,94,445/-. The firm of Statutory Auditors of the Company does not have any network firm/network entity of which the
Statutory Auditors are a part as per confirmation obtained from it.
(l) Disclosures under Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 is as
follows:
(i) number of complaints filed during the financial year: NIL
(ii) number of complaints disposed of during the financial year: N.A. as there was no complaint.
(iii) number of complaints pending as on end of the financial year: NIL
(m) There is no loans and advances in the nature of loans to any firm/company in which directors are interested.
(n) Details of material subsidiaries of the Company: The Company does not have any material subsidiary.
Name of Material Date of Place of Name of the Statutory Auditors of
Subsidiary Incorporation Incorporation Subsidiary and their Date of Appointment
Not Applicable
=== PAGE 65 ===
60
BIRLA CABLE
(o) There is no non-compliance of any Requirement of Corporate Governance as mentioned in Sub paras (2) to (10) of Part
C of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations.
(p) In the preparation of the financial statements for the year under review, no accounting treatment which was different from
that prescribed in the applicable Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as notified under Section 133 of the Companies
Act, 2013 was followed. The significant accounting policies applied in preparation and presentation of financial statements
have been set out in Note No.1.5 of Notes to financial statements in the Annual Report.
(q) During the year 2025-26, the Company had managed the risk of its foreign currency exposure through various tools of
hedging. It enters into derivative contracts for hedging foreign exchange exposures against imports/exports as and when
considered appropriate based on professional advice. The details of foreign currency exposure are enclosed in Note No.
46(a)(i) to the financial statements in the Annual Report.
(r) The senior management personnel of the Company have disclosed to the Board that no material, financial and/or commercial
transactions have been entered into during the year under review in which they have personal interest, which may have
a potential conflict with the interest of the Company at large. Further, none of the Non-Executive Directors had any
material pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company during the year under review other than (i) sitting fees
for attending the meeting(s) of Board of Directors and/or any Committees thereof during the financial year 2025-26; and
(ii) remuneration/compensation by way of profit related commission for the financial year 2025-26, to each of the Non-
Executive Directors including Independent Directors of the Company.
(s) In accordance with Regulation 17(8) read with Part B of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, Chief Financial Officer has
furnished a duly signed Compliance Certificate to the Board of Directors for the year ended March 31, 2026. The Chief
Financial Officer have also furnished a certificate pertaining to the financial year ended on March 31, 2026 to the Board
of Directors in accordance with Regulation 33(2)(a) of the Listing Regulations.
(t) In accordance with the Code of Internal Procedures and Conduct for regulating, monitoring and reporting of trading by
Insiders as prescribed under the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as amended, Company Secretary
has been designated as the Compliance Officer of the Company under the Company’s Code of Conduct for Prevention of
Insider Trading. She is responsible for adherence to and ensuring compliance with the Code by the Company and its
designated employees.
(u) The Company also has organised a familiarization programme/arrangement for its Independent Directors about the nature
of operation/business of the Company and also the roles and responsibilities of Independent Directors, which can be
accessed on the Company’s website through given web link i.e. 
https://www.birlacable.com/Familiarization-Programme/FY-2025-26.pdf.
Further, during the course of Board/Committee Meeting(s), presentations are made on various matters, inter-alia, covering
the Company’s businesses and operations, industry and regulatory updates, strategy, finance, risk management framework,
roles, rights, responsibilities of Independent Directors under various statutes and other relevant matters as a part of
familiarization programmes.
(v) The Company has presently not adopted certain discretionary requirements in regard to maintenance of Non-Executive
Chairman’s office, sending half-yearly declaration of financial performance including summary of the significant events in
last six months to each household of shareholders and reporting of internal auditors directly to the Audit Committee.
However, requirement viz. moving towards regime of financial statements with unmodified audit opinion, has generally
been complied with.
(w) The disclosures of the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements specified in Regulation 17 to 27 and clauses
(b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, are given below:
Regulation Particulars of Regulations Compliance status
17 Board of Directors Yes
17A Maximum Number of Directorships Yes
18 Audit Committee Yes
19 Nomination and Remuneration Committee Yes
20 Stakeholders Relationship Committee Yes
21 Risk Management Committee Not Applicable
22 Vigil Mechanism Yes
23 Related Party Transactions Yes
24 Corporate Governance requirements with respect to Yes
subsidiary of listed entity
24A Secretarial Audit Yes
=== PAGE 66 ===
61
BIRLA CABLE
Regulation Particulars of Regulations Compliance status
25 Obligations with respect to Independent Directors Yes
26 Obligations with respect to employees including senior Yes
management, key managerial persons, directors and
promoters
26A Vacancies in respect of certain Key Managerial Personnel Yes
27 Other Corporate Governance requirements Yes
46(2)(b) to (i) Website Yes
(x) The applicable Secretarial Standards as issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and approved by the
Central Government has been duly complied with and adhered to by the Company.
(y) A qualified Company Secretary in Whole-Time Practice carried out a reconciliation of Share Capital Audit to reconcile the
total admitted capital with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited
(CDSL) and the total issued and listed capital. The Secretarial Audit confirms that the total issued/paid-up capital of the
Company is in agreement with the total number of shares in physical form and the total number of dematerialized shares
held with NSDL and CDSL.
14. Disclosure with respect to unclaimed suspense account:  Pursuant to Regulation 39(4) read with Schedule VI of the
Listing Regulations, the Company has transferred to the ‘Unclaimed Securities Suspense Account’ the unclaimed equity
shares which were issued in physical form from time to time. The details of such Unclaimed Securities Suspense Account
pursuant to the provisions as prescribed under Clause F of Schedule V of Listing Regulations are as under:
Sl. Particulars No. of No. of
No. Shareholders Shares
(a) Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the 44 4210
Unclaimed Securities Suspense Account lying as on April 1, 2025
(b) Number of shareholders who approached the Company for transfer of shares Nil Nil
from Unclaimed Securities Suspense Account during the financial year 2025-26
(c) Number of shareholders to whom shares were transferred from the Unclaimed Nil Nil
Securities Suspense Account during the financial year 2025-26
(d) Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the 5 500
Unclaimed Securities Suspense Account lying as on March 31, 2026*
* 3710 Equity Shares lying in Unclaimed Securities Suspense Account have been duly transferred to Investor Education
and Protection Fund (IEPF) during the Financial Year 2025-26 in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies
Act, 2013 read with rules framed thereunder. Voting rights on these shares shall continue to remain frozen till the rightful
owners of such shares claims the shares from IEPF/Company.
15. Disclosure of certain types of agreements binding listed entities:
The disclosure of binding agreements referred to in clause 5A of Paragraph A of Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations
is not applicable to the Company.
=== PAGE 67 ===
62
BIRLA CABLE
CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE OF CONDUCT
As provided under Regulation 34(3) read with Para D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, it is stated that all members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel of the Company have
affirmed compliance with the “Company’s Code of Conduct of Board of Directors and Senior Management”, during the financial
year ended March 31, 2026.
For Birla Cable Limited
Suman
Place : Gurugram Company Secretary
Date : May 8, 2026
=== PAGE 68 ===
63
BIRLA CABLE
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause 10(i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
To,
The Members of
Birla Cable Limited
Udyog Vihar, P.O. Chorhata,
Rewa-486006 (M.P.)
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Birla Cable
Limited having CIN: L31300MP1992PLC007190  and having registered office at Udyog Vihar, P.O. Chorhata, Rewa-486006
(M.P.) (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in
accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number  (DIN)
status at the portal - www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company & its officers, we
hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the financial year ending March 31, 2026
have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange
Board of India/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such Statutory Authority.
Sl. Name of Director DIN Date of appointment
No. in the Company
1. Shri Harsh Vardhan Lodha 00394094 29.10.2007
2. Shri Dhan Raj Bansal 00050612 04.05.2012
3. Shri Bachh Raj Nahar 00049895 31.10.2022
4. Smt. Kiran Aggarwal 06991807 01.04.2024
5. Shri Pandanda Kariappa Madappa 00058822 01.04.2024
6. Shri Ravindra Pratap Singh 00240910 09.08.2024
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment/continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the
Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as
to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affai rs
of the Company.
For R.K. MISHRA & ASSOCIATES
Rajesh Kumar Mishra
Partner
FCS No.: 5383
Place : Satna CP No.: 4433
Date : May 22, 2026 UDIN: F005383H000442952
=== PAGE 69 ===
64
BIRLA CABLE
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To the Members of Birla Cable Limited
1. We, V. Sankar Aiyar & Co., the statutory auditors of Birla Cable Limited have examined the compliance of regulations of
Corporate Governance by Birla Cable Limited (‘the Company’) for the year ended March 31, 2026 as stipulated in Regulations
17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2), and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the ‘Listing Regulations’).
Management’s Responsibility
2. The compliance of conditions of corporate governance is the responsibility of the management. This responsibility includes
the designing, implementing and maintaining operating effectiveness of internal control to ensure compliance with the conditions
of corporate governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations.
Auditor’s Responsibility
3. Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, our responsibility is to express a reasonable assurance in the form of
an opinion as to whether the Company has complied with the conditions of corporate governance as stated in paragraph 2
above. Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for
ensuring the compliance with the conditions of corporate governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the
financial statements of the Company.
4. We have examined the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the applicable Generally Accepted Auditing
Standards in India, the Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants
of India (the ‘ICAI’), and the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the ICAI which requires
that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.
5. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for
Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services
Engagements.
Opinion
6. Based on the procedures performed by us and to the best of our information and according to the explanations provided to us,
in our opinion, the Company has complied, in all material respects, with the conditions of corporate governance as stipulated
in the Listing Regulations during the year ended March 31, 2026. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to
the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of
the Company.
Restriction on use
7. This certificate is issued solely for the purpose of complying with the aforesaid regulations and may not be suitable for any
other purpose.
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
ICAI FRN: 109208W
Vishal Agarwal
Partner
Place : New Delhi M. No. 556367
Date : May 22, 2026 UDIN: 26556367CCPBYM5774
=== PAGE 70 ===
65
BIRLA CABLE
Independent Auditor’s Report
TO THE MEMBERS OF BIRLA CABLE LIMITED
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
1. We have audited the accompanying standalone financial statements of Birla Cable Limited (“the Company”), which comprise
the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026, and the Statement of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive income), the
Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended, and notes to the standalone
financial statements, including a summary of the material accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter
referred to as the “standalone financial statements”).
2. In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone
financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) in the manner so required and give a
true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally
accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2026, its profit and total comprehensive income,
changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
3. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (“SAs”) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our
responsibilities under those SAs are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of t he
standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the standalone financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
4. Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the standal one
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the standalone financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We
have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report:
Key Audit Matter Auditor’s Response
Recoverability of trade receivables in view of the risk
of credit losses
Trade receivables is a significant item in the Company’s
financial statements as at March 31, 2026 and assumptions
used for estimating the credit loss on receivables is an area
which is determined by management’s judgment.
The Company makes an assessment of the estimated credit
losses on trade receivables based on credit risk, past history,
latest discussion/correspondence with the customer.
Given the significance of these receivables in the financial
statements as at March 31, 2026, we determined this to be
a key audit matter.
Refer Note No. 9 of the standalone financial statements.
Other Information
5.
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.
Our audit procedure included, among others:
• Assessed the company’s processes and controls relating
to the monitoring of trade receivables and considered
ageing to identify collection risks.
• Inquired with senior management regarding status of
collection of the receivable.
• Discussion of material outstanding balances with the audit
committee.
• Assessed the information/assumptions used by the
Management to determine the expected credit losses by
considering credit risk of the customer, cash collection, and
the level of credit loss over time.
Based on our work as stated above, no significant deviations
were observed in respect of management’s assessment of
valuation of trade receivables.
=== PAGE 71 ===
66
BIRLA CABLE
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in
the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Managements and Board of Directors’ Responsibility for the Standalone Financial Statements
6. The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with
respect to the preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the state of affairs, pro fit
and other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting
principles generally accepted in India, including the Ind AS. This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting
records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and
detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls
that were operating effectively for ensuring accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation
and presentation of the standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.
7. In preparing the standalone financial statements, the Management and Board of Directors are responsible for assessing the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations,
or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
8. The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
9. Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these standalone financial statements.
10. As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout
the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether
the company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements in place and the
operating effectiveness of such controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
disclosures in the standalone financial statements made by the Management and Board of Directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis of accounting
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone financial
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to
continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial statements, including the disclosures,
and whether the standalone financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
achieves fair presentation.
11. We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our au dit.
=== PAGE 72 ===
67
BIRLA CABLE
12. We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
bear on our independence and where applicable, related safeguards.
13. From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
14. As required by the Companies (Auditors’ Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central Government in terms of
section 143(11) of the Act, we give in the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the
Order, to the extent applicable.
15. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
(a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were
necessary for the purposes of our audit.
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from our
examination of those books.
(c) The Standalone Balance Sheet, the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive income),
the Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity and the Standalone Statement of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report
are in agreement with the books of account.
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Ind AS specified under section 133 of the
Act read with Companies (India Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015 as amended.
(e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2026 taken on record by the Board
of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2026 from being appointed as a director in terms of
Section 164(2) of the Act.
(f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements of the
Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure B”.
(g) With respect to the other matter to be included in the Auditors’ Report in accordance with the requirements of Section
197(16) of the Act, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given
to us, the remuneration paid/provided by the Company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions
of Section 197 of the Act.
(h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors’ Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given
to us:
(i) The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its standalone financial
statements – Refer Note No. 36 on Contingent Liabilities to the standalone financial statements;
(ii) The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any material
foreseeable losses;
(iii) There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection
Fund by the Company;
(iv) (a) The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material
either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or
share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person or entity,
including foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that
the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(b) The Management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material
either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person or entity, including
foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the
Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or
the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
=== PAGE 73 ===
68
BIRLA CABLE
(c) Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances,
nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and
(ii) of Rule 11(e) of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain
any material misstatement.
(v) The Board of Directors of the Company have proposed final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval of
the members at the ensuring Annual General Meeting. The amount of dividend proposed is in accordance with
Section 123 of Companies Act, 2013 as applicable.
(vi) Based on our examination, which included test checks, the Company has used accounting software for maintaining
its books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log)
facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further,
during the course of our audit we did not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered with and
the audit trail has been preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirement for record retention.
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
ICAI FRN: 109208W
Vishal Agarwal
Partner
Place : New Delhi M. No. 556367
Date : May 22, 2026 UDIN: 26556367AGZBYN5111
=== PAGE 74 ===
69
BIRLA CABLE
Annexure A to the Independent Auditor’s Report to the members of Birla Cable Limited on the standalone financial
statements for the year ended March 31, 2026
(i) (a) (A) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and situation
of the property, plant and equipment and relevant details of right of use assets.
(B) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets.
(b) Property, plant and equipment and right of use assets have been physically verified by the management according to
the regular programme of periodical verification which in our opinion is reasonable having regard to the size of the
Company and the nature of its property, plant and equipment. No material discrepancies were noticed on such verification.
(c) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of records of the
Company, the title deeds of immovable properties (other than properties where the company is the lessee & the lease
agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee) disclosed in the financial statement are held in the name of the
Company.
(d) The Company has not revalued any of its property, plant and equipment (including right of use assets) and intangible
assets during the year.
(e) According to the information and explanation provided to us, no proceedings have been initiated during the year or are
pending against the Company as at March 31, 2026 for holding any Benami property under the Benami Transactions
(Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as amended in 2016) and rules made thereunder.
(ii) (a) The inventories of the company at all its locations (except stock in transit) have been physically verified by the management
at reasonable intervals. In our opinion the procedure and coverage of such physical verification by the management is
appropriate. Further no material discrepancies were noticed on such physical verification by the management.
(b) According to the information and explanation provided to us, working capital limit in excess of ` 5 crores has been
sanctioned/renewed from banks during the year. Further, based on our examination of records of the company, the
quarterly statement/returns filed by the company with such banks, pursuant to such working capital limits are materially
in agreement with the books of accounts of the company.
(iii) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the Compan y,
the Company has granted interest free loans to its employees as per Company’s established policy during the year. The
Company has not provided any guarantee or security or granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans, secured or
unsecured to companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships (LLPs) during the year.
(a) The Company has not provided any guarantee or security or granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans,
secured or unsecured to companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships (LLPs) or any other entity during the year.
Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(iii) (a) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on the audit procedures conducted by us, we are
of the opinion that the terms and conditions of the loans given to employees are not, prima facie, prejudicial to the
interest of the Company. The Company has not provided any guarantee or security or granted any advances in the
nature of loans during the year.
(c) In respect of loans granted to employees by the Company, the schedule of repayment of principal is stipulated and the
repayments of principal amounts is regular as per stipulation.
(d) In respect of loans granted to employees by the Company, there are no overdue amount.
(e) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the
Company, there is no loan granted to employees falling due during the year, which has been renewed or extended or
fresh loans granted to settle the overdue of existing loans given to same parties.
(f) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the
Company, the Company has not granted any loans either repayable on demand or without specifying any terms or
period of repayment.
(iv) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records
of the Company, the Company has complied with the provisions of Section 185 and 186 of the Act in respect of grant of loans,
making investments and providing guarantees and securities, as applicable.
(v) The Company has not accepted any deposit or amounts which are deemed to be deposits within section 73 to 76 of the act
and the companies (Acceptance of deposit) Rules, 2014 (as amended). Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(v) of the Order
is not applicable.
=== PAGE 75 ===
70
BIRLA CABLE
(vi) We have broadly reviewed the books of account maintained by the Company pursuant to the rules made by the Central
Government for the maintenance of cost records under Section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and are of the opinion that,
prima-facie, prescribed accounts and records have been made and maintained. We have, however, not made a detailed
examination of the said records with a view to determine whether they are accurate and complete.
(vii) (a) In our opinion, the Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues, including Goods and
Services tax, Provident Fund, Income Tax, duty of Custom, Cess and other material statutory dues applicable to it with
the appropriate authorities.There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and Services tax, Provident
Fund, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, Cess and other material statutory dues in arrears as at
March 31, 2026 for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable. We are informed that there is
no liability on account of Employees’ state insurance.
(b) Details of statutory dues referred to in sub-clause (a) above which have not been deposited as on March 31, 2026 on
account of disputes are given below:
Nature of the statute Nature of dues Forum where the Period to which Amount in
dispute is pending the amount relates lakhs
The Madhya Pradesh Municipal Property tax High Court of Madhya September 2003 to 266.85
Corporation Act,1956 Pradesh, Jabalpur March 2026
The Income Tax Act, 1961 Tax deducted at Commissioner of AY 2016-17 0.61
source Income-tax (Appeals)
(viii) There were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that have been surrendered or disclosed as income
during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961).
(ix) (a) The Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or borrowings or in the payment of interest to any lender.
(b) Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any government
authority or by other lender.
(c) In our opinion, and according to the information and explanation given to us, the term loans have been applied, on an
overall basis, for the purposes for which they were obtained.
(d) On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, funds raised on short-term basis have, prima
facie, not been used during the year for long-term purposes by the Company.
(e) On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, the Company has not taken any funds from any
entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiary.
(f) The Company has not raised any loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiary. Accordingly,
reporting under clause 3(ix) (f) of the Order is not applicable.
(x) (a) According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company did not raise any money by way of initial public
offer or further public offer (including debt instrument) during the year. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(x)(a) of the
Order is not applicable.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company did not made any preferential allotment or
private placement of shares or convertible debentures (fully, partially or optionally convertible) during the year. Accordingly,
reporting under clause 3(x)(b) of the Order is not applicable.
(xi) (a) Based upon the audit procedures performed for the purpose of reporting the true and fair view of the standalone
financial statements and according to the information and explanations given to us, we report that no fraud by the
Company or on the Company has been noticed or reported during the year.
(b) No report under sub-section (12) of Section 143 of the Act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under Rule 13
of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules 2014 with the Central Government, during the year and up to the date of this
report.
(c) As represented to us by the management, there were no whistleblower complaints received by the Company during the
year.
(xii) According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly, reporting
under clause 3(xii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xiii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the transactions with related parties are i n
compliance with Section 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013, where applicable, and the details of the related party
transactions have been disclosed in the standalone financial statement as required by the applicable accounting standard.
=== PAGE 76 ===
71
BIRLA CABLE
(xiv) (a) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the company has an internal audit system
commensurate with the size and nature of its business.
(b) We have considered, the internal audit reports for the year under audit, issued to the Company during the year and till
date, in determining the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures.
(xv) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the Company, the
Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with directors or persons connected with them during the year.
Accordingly, provisions of Section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable to the Company.
(xvi) The Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Accordingly,
reporting under clause 3(xvi) (a) and (b) of the Order is not applicable.The Company is not a Core Investment Company and
there are no Core Investment Companies in the Group. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xvi) (c) and (d) of the Order is
not applicable.
(xvii) The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current and in the immediately preceding financial year.
(xviii)There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xviii) of  the
Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xix) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected da tes
of realization of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the standalone financia l
statements, our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans and based on our examination of the evidence
supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty
exists as on the date of the audit report that the Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of
balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this
is not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the
date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period o f
one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
(xx) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, there is no unspent amount under sub-section
(5) of Section 135 of the Act pursuant to any project. Accordingly, reporting under clauses 3(xx)(a) and 3(xx)(b) of the Order
are not applicable.
(xxi) The reporting under Clause 3(xxi) of the Order is not applicable in respect of audit of standalone financial statements.
Accordingly, no comment in respect of the said clause has been included in this report.
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
ICAI FRN: 109208W
Vishal Agarwal
Partner
Place : New Delhi M. No. 556367
Date : May 22, 2026 UDIN: 26556367AGZBYN5111
=== PAGE 77 ===
72
BIRLA CABLE
Annexure B to the Independent Auditors’ report on the standalone financial statements of Birla Cable Limited for the year
ended March 31, 2026.
Report on the internal financial controls with reference to the aforesaid standalone financial statements under Clause (i)
of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013
1. We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements of Birla Cable Limited (“th e
Company”) as of March 31, 2026 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company for the
year ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
2. The Company’s management and the Board of Directors are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial
controls based on the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements criteria established by the
Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note. These responsibilities include
the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring
the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the
prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely
preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditors’ Responsibility
3. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to standalone financi al
statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial
Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the ICAI and the Standards on Auditing prescribed under
Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls with reference to standalone
financial statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to standalone
financial statements was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
4. Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with
reference to standalone financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with
reference to standalone financial statements included obtaining an understanding of such internal financial controls, assessing
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the
risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
5. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on
the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial controls with Reference to Standalone Financial Statements
6. A company’s internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of standalone financial statements fo r
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial controls with
reference to standalone financial statements include those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the compan y;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of standalone financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets
that could have a material effect on the standalone financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial controls with Reference to Standalone  Financial Statements
7. Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements, includi ng
the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may
occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to standalone
financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial controls with reference to standalon e
financial statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate.
=== PAGE 78 ===
73
BIRLA CABLE
Opinion
8. In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the Company has, in all materia l
respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements and such internal financial
controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements were operating effectively as at March 31, 2026, based on the
internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements criteria established by the Company considering
the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial
Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the ‘Guidance Note’).
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
ICAI FRN: 109208W
Vishal Agarwal
Partner
Place : New Delhi M. No. 556367
Date : May 22, 2026 UDIN: 26556367AGZBYN5111
=== PAGE 79 ===
74
BIRLA CABLE
BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2026
Particulars Note As at As at
No. 31 st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
ASSETS
(1) NON-CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 2 10989.12 12821.42
(b) Capital Work-in-Progress - 2.53
(c) Intangible Assets 3 9.97 12.58
(d) Financial Assets
(i) Investments 4 5259.40 4222.74
(ii) Loans 5 7.88 17.84
(iii) Other Financial Assets 6 161.75 177.83
(e) Non-Current Tax Assets (Net) - 150.16
(f) Other Non-Current Assets 7 - 2.06------------------------------ ------------------------------Total Non-Current Assets 16428.12 17407.16------------------------------ ------------------------------
(2) CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Inventories 8 7896.82 5119.45
(b) Financial Assets
(i) Trade Receivables 9 20297.37 16722.12
(ii) Cash and Cash Equivalents 10 32.14 82.92
(iii) Bank Balances Other than (ii) above 11 298.14 1385.74
(iv) Loans 12 10.06 21.10
(v) Other Financial Assets 13 862.45 554.83
(c) Other Current Assets 14 715.55 424.25------------------------------ ------------------------------Total Current Assets 30112.53 24310.41------------------------------ ------------------------------Total Assets 46540.65 41717.57------------------------------ ------------------------------
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity Share Capital 15 3000.00 3000.00
(b) Other Equity 16 25186.95 22428.17------------------------------ ------------------------------Total Equity 28186.95 25428.17------------------------------ ------------------------------
LIABILITIES
(1) NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 17 3483.52 3787.35
(ii) Lease Liabilities 92.22 125.47
(iii) Other Financial Liabilities 18 - 168.00
(b) Provisions 19 28.36 18.63
(c) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net) 20 991.65 999.85------------------------------ ------------------------------Total Non-Current Liabilities 4595.75 5099.30------------------------------ ------------------------------
(2) CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 21 9648.12 7113.01
(ii) Lease Liabilities 33.26 30.02
(iii) Trade Payables 22
(A) Total Outstanding Dues of Micro Enterprises 920.18 453.17
and Small Enterprises; and
(B) Total Outstanding Dues of Creditors Other than 2152.00 2504.82
Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises
(iv) Other Financial Liabilities 23 217.25 326.76
(b) Other Current Liabilities 24 522.17 625.09
(c) Provisions 25 138.92 52.52
(d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 126.05 84.71
------------------------------ ------------------------------Total Current Liabilities 13757.95 11190.10------------------------------ ------------------------------Total Equity and Liabilities 46540.65 41717.57------------------------------ ------------------------------
The accompanying Notes No. 1 to 51 form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.
As per our attached report of even date. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants Harsh V. Lodha B.R. Nahar
ICAI Firm Registration No. 109208W Chairman Director
(DIN : 00394094) (DIN : 00049895)
Vishal Agarwal
Partner Somesh Laddha Suman
Membership No. 556367 Manager & Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place : New Delhi Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026 Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 80 ===
75
BIRLA CABLE
STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
Particulars Note For the year ended For the year ended
No. 31 st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
A INCOME
Revenue from Operations 26 77111.40 66165.23
Other Income 27 378.28 347.10
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------Total Income 77489.68 66512.33---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
B EXPENSES
(i) Cost of Raw Materials Consumed 63435.58 53025.88
(ii) Purchase of Stock-in-Trade 2.81 0.79
(iii) Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, 28 (821.40) 304.58
Work-in-Progress and Stock-in-Trade, etc.
(iv) Employee Benefits Expense 29 3701.20 3372.01
(v) Finance Cost 30 1233.51 1371.75
(vi) Depreciation and Amortisation Expense 31 1578.55 1575.77
(vii) Impairment Loss on Financial Assets (Net) 172.38 49.82
(viii)Other Expenses 32 5927.81 6128.17
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------Total Expenses 75230.44 65828.77---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
C PROFIT BEFORE TAX 2259.24 683.56
D TAX EXPENSE 33
(i) Current Tax 752.54 236.04
(ii) Excess Tax Provision of earlier year Charge/ (Written Back) 1.37 (4.36)
(iii) Deferred Tax Charge/(Credit) (181.45) (51.23)
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------Total Tax Expense 572.46 180.45---------------------------------- ----------------------------------E PROFIT FOR THE YEAR 1686.78 503.11---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
F OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(i) Items that will not be re-classified to Profit or Loss
(a) Fair Value Changes in Equity Instruments through OCI 1210.60 345.04
(b) Re-measurement Gain on Defined Benefit Plan 46.32 55.46
(ii) Taxes relating to the above items
(a) Deferred Tax on Fair Value Changes in Equity Instruments through OCI (173.25) (127.58)
(b) Tax Effect on Re-measurement Gain on Defined Benefit Plan (11.66) (13.96)
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------Total Other Comprehensive Income 1072.01 258.96---------------------------------- ----------------------------------G TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR 2758.79 762.07---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
(Comprising Profit and Other Comprehensive Income for the year)
Earnings per Equity Share (EPS) in Rupees 34
Basic and Diluted EPS (Face Value of ` 10/- each) 5.62 1.68
The accompanying Notes No. 1 to 51 form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements.
As per our attached report of even date. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants Harsh V. Lodha B.R. Nahar
ICAI Firm Registration No. 109208W Chairman Director
(DIN : 00394094) (DIN : 00049895)
Vishal Agarwal
Partner Somesh Laddha Suman
Membership No. 556367 Manager & Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place: New Delhi Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026 Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 81 ===
76
BIRLA CABLE
CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
Particulars For the year ended For the year ended
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
A. CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net Profit Before Tax 2259.24 683.56
Adjustments for :
Depreciation and Amortisation Expenses 1578.55 1575.77
(Profit)/Loss on Disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment (Net) (13.47) (4.02)
(Gain)/Loss on Unrealised Foreign Exchange Rate Fluctuations (83.27) 16.00
Impairment Loss on Financial Assets (Net) 172.38 49.82
Interest Income (81.88) (100.10)
Dividend Income (31.48) (23.62)
Interest Expense 905.34 1182.18
2446.17 2696.03
--------------------------- ---------------------------
Operating Profit before Change in Assets and Liabilities 4705.41 3379.59
Change in Assets and Liabilities :
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payables,
Provisions and Other Liabilities (19.84) 873.20
Decrease/(Increase) in Trade Receivables (3262.56) 4683.22
Decrease/(Increase) in Inventories (2777.37) 2499.74
Decrease/(Increase) in Loans and Other Assets (162.09) (54.32)
(6221.86) 8001.84
--------------------------- ---------------------------
Cash Flow generated from/(used in) Operations (1516.45) 11381.43
Direct Taxes Paid (Net of Refunds) (574.07) (141.30)
--------------------------- ---------------------------Net Cash Flow from/(used in) Operating Activities (A) (2090.52) 11240.13--------------------------- ---------------------------
B. CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment (Including Capital
Advances, Capital Work in Progress and Payables against
Capital Expenditure) (270.92) (2754.95)
Purchase of Intangible Assets (Including Intangible
Asset under Development) - (4.90)
Proceeds from sale of Property, Plant and Equipment 44.60 12.60
(Investment )/Maturity of Bank Deposits 1018.38 (966.73)
(Investment in)/Sale Proceed from Shares (Net) 173.93 (143.24)
Interest Received 153.96 28.92
Dividend Received 31.48 23.62
--------------------------- ---------------------------Net Cash Flow from/(used in) Investing Activities (B) 1151.43 (3804.68)--------------------------- ---------------------------
C. CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from Long Term Borrowings 60.09 1821.33
(Repayment) from Long Term Borrowings (4031.50) (1945.94)
Proceeds/(Repayment) from Short Term Borrowings (Net) 5838.80 (5502.80)
Repayment of Lease Liability - Principal (30.01) (32.68)
Repayment of Lease Liability - Interest (14.63) (10.10)
Interest Paid (934.44) (1173.30)
Dividend Paid - (525.00)
Net Cash Flow from/(used in) Financing Activities (C) 888.31 (7368.49)
--------------------------- ---------------------------
Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents (50.78) 66.96
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year 82.92 15.96
--------------------------- ---------------------------Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the year 32.14 82.92--------------------------- ---------------------------
Components of Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash on Hand 3.74 3.00
Cheques/Drafts on Hand 26.84 61.69
Balance with Banks 1.56 18.23
--------------------------- ---------------------------32.14 82.92--------------------------- ---------------------------
=== PAGE 82 ===
77
BIRLA CABLE
CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026 (Contd.)
Notes:
(a) The Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the ‘Indirect method’ as set out in Ind AS 7 on ‘Statement of Cash
Flows’.
(b) Negative figures have been shown in brackets.
(c) Movement in Borrowings for the financial year 2025-26:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at Proceeds Repayment Unrealised foreign As at
31st March, exchange (gain)/ 31 st March,
2025 loss & others 2026
Long Term Borrowings
(Including current portion) 8558.33 60.10 4031.50 363.88 4950.81
Short Term Borrowings 2342.03 5838.80 - - 8180.83
Interest Accrued on Borrowings 85.47 30.67 85.47 - 30.67
Movement in Borrowings 10985.83 5929.57 4116.97 363.88 13162.31
(d) Movement in Borrowings for the financial year 2024-25:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at Proceeds Repayment Unrealised foreign As at
31st March, exchange (gain)/ 31 st March,
2024 loss & others 2025
Long Term Borrowings
(Including current portion) 8608.70 1821.33 1945.94 74.24 8558.33
Short Term Borrowings 7844.09 - 5502.80 0.74 2342.03
Interest Accrued on Borrowings 77.23 85.47 77.23 - 85.47
Movement in Borrowings 16530.02 1906.80 7525.97 74.98 10985.83
As per our attached report of even date. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants Harsh V. Lodha B.R. Nahar
ICAI Firm Registration No. 109208W Chairman Director
(DIN : 00394094) (DIN : 00049895)
Vishal Agarwal
Partner Somesh Laddha Suman
Membership No. 556367 Manager & Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place: New Delhi Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026 Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 83 ===
78
BIRLA CABLE
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
(a) Equity Share Capital (` in lakhs)
Particulars Amount
Balance as at 31st March, 2024 3000.00
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 3000.00
Balance as at 31 st March, 2026 3000.00
(b) Other Equity (` in lakhs)
Particulars Reserves and Surplus Items of Other Total
Comprehensive Income
Securities General Retained Equity Instruments Fair
Premium Reserve Earnings Value Through Other
Comprehensive Income
Balance as at 1st April, 2024 2000.00 1900.45 15445.88 2844.77 22191.10
Profit for the year 2024-25 - - 503.11 - 503.11
Other Comprehensive Income
for the year 2024-25 - - 41.50 217.46 258.96
Transferred to Retained Earning - - (68.31) 68.31 -
Dividend on Equity Share - - (525.00) - (525.00)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 2000.00 1900.45 15397.18 3130.54 22428.17
Profit for the year 2025-26 - - 1686.78 - 1686.78
Other Comprehensive Income
for the year 2025-26 - - 34.66 1037.35 1072.01
Balance as at 31 st March, 2026 2000.00 1900.45 17118.62 4167.89 25186.95
Nature and Purpose of Reserves and Surplus
(a) Securities Premium
Securities Premium represents the amount received by the Company over and above nominal value upon issue of equity
shares with premium. The Securities Premium can be utilised in accordance with the provisions of Section 52 and other
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
(b) General Reserve
The General Reserve represents free reserve being an appropriation of profit/retained earnings and kept aside to meet
the future requirements as and when they arise. Mandatory transfer to general reserve is not required under the Companies
Act, 2013. As the general reserve is created by transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an item of
other comprehensive income, items included in the general reserve are not reclassified subsequent to the Statement of
Profit and Loss.
(c) Retained Earnings
Retained Earnings represents the amount of accumulated profits of the Company.
(d) Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
OCI represents the variation in the amount of equity instruments valued at fair value through other comprehensive income.
As per our attached report of even date. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants Harsh V. Lodha B.R. Nahar
ICAI Firm Registration No. 109208W Chairman Director
(DIN : 00394094) (DIN : 00049895)
Vishal Agarwal
Partner Somesh Laddha Suman
Membership No. 556367 Manager & Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place: New Delhi Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026 Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 84 ===
79
BIRLA CABLE
1. NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
1.1 Company Overview
Birla Cable Limited (B Cab) (“the Company”) is a public limited listed company incorporated under the Companies Act,
1956 (now replaced by the Companies Act, 2013). The Company is engaged in manufacturing and sale of Cables
(comprising of telecommunications cables, other types of wires & cables etc.). The registered office of the Company is
located at Udyog Vihar, P.O. Chorhata, Rewa - 486 006 (M.P.), India and its CIN No. is L31300MP1992PLC007190.
The standalone financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on
22
nd May, 2026.
1.2 Basis of Preparation and Presentation
The standalone financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with and to comply in all material
aspects with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as notified under the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
(“the Act”), Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended and other relevant provisions of the Act,
as applicable.
The standalone financial statements have been prepared on accrual and going concern basis under historical cost
convention, except for certain financial assets and financial liabilities which have been measured at fair value as required
by relevant Ind AS.
Company’s standalone financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees, which is also its functional currency. All
amounts in the financial statements and accompanying notes are presented in lakhs (Indian Rupees) and have been
rounded-off to two decimal place in accordance with the provisions of Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013, unless
stated otherwise.
1.3 Basis of Classification of Current and Non-Current
Assets and Liabilities are classified as either current or non-current as per the Company’s normal operating cycle and
other criteria set out in Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the nature of products and the time between
acquisition of assets for processing and their realisation in cash & cash equivalents, 12 months period has been considered
by the Company as its normal operating cycle.
1.4 Use of Estimates & Critical Judgements
The preparation of standalone financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in India
requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of revenue,
expenses, assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities on the date of the standalone financial statements
and the results of operations during the reporting year end. Although these estimates and associated assumptions are
based upon historical experiences and various other factors besides management’s best knowledge of current events
and actions, actual results could differ from these estimates. The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on
a periodic basis. Any revision in the accounting estimates is recognised in the period in which the results are known/
materialise.
Significant Judgements and key sources of estimation in applying accounting policies are as follows:
(a) Useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment represent a material portion of the Company’s asset base. The periodic charge of
depreciation is derived after estimating useful life of an asset and expected residual value at the end of its useful life.
The useful lives and residual values of assets are estimated by the management at the time the asset is acquired and
reviewed periodically, including at each financial year end. The lives are based on various external and internal
factors including historical experience, relative efficiency and operating costs and change in technology.
(b) Defined benefit obligations
Defined benefit obligations are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. Fair value determined by
actuary is based on actuarial assumptions. Management judgement is required to determine such actuarial
assumptions. Such assumptions are reviewed annually using the best information available with the Management.
(c) Impairment of Financial Assets
The Company assesses at each date of balance sheet whether a financial asset or a group of financial assets is
impaired. Ind AS 109 requires expected credit losses to be measured through a loss allowance. The Company
determines expected credit losses after taking into account the past history of recovery, risk of default of the
counterparty, existing market conditions, etc. The impairment methodology is applied on individual customer basis
and depends on whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk since initial recognition.
=== PAGE 85 ===
80
BIRLA CABLE
1.5 Summary of Material Accounting Policies
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE)
PPE are stated at cost, net of recoverable taxes, discount, government grants/subsidies and rebates, etc. less
accumulated depreciation and impairment loss, if any. Such cost includes purchase price, borrowing cost and any
cost directly attributable to bringing the assets to its working condition for its intended use.
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate,
only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Company and the cost
of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is
derecognized when replaced.
Spare parts in the nature of PPE are capitalised and depreciated over their remaining useful lives.
Gains or losses arising from de–recognition of PPE is measured as the difference between the net disposable
proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the
asset is de-recognised.
(b) Intangible Assets
License fees and associated implementation costs incurred for Computer Software are measured initially at cost only
when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Company and the cost can
be measured reliably. After initial recognition, an intangible asset is carried at its cost, less accumulated amortisation
and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
(c) Non-current assets (or disposal groups) classified as held for sale:
Non-current assets held for sale are presented separately in the Balance Sheet when the following criteria are met:
• The Company is committed to sale the asset;
• The assets are available for sale immediately;
• An active plan of sale has commenced; and
• Sale is expected to be completed within 12 months.
Assets held for sale and disposal groups are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less cost
to sell. Assets held for sale are no longer amortised or depreciated.
(d) Depreciation/Amortisation
Depreciation on PPE is provided on straight line method at the rates determined based on the useful lives of respective
assets as prescribed in the Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013 and/or useful life reviewed and assessed by the
Company based on technical evaluation of relevant class of assets, as detailed below:
Leasehold Land 99 years
Buildings 30/60 years
Plant and Equipments 3 to 15 years
Furniture and Fixtures 10 years
Vehicles 8 to 10 years
Office Equipment & Computer 3 years
Depreciation on PPE added/disposed-off/discarded during the year is provided on pro-rata basis with respect to the
month of addition/disposal/discarding.
Right-of-use Assets (Land) is amortised on a straight line basis over the period of Lease (99 Years).
Right-of-use Assets (Building) is amortised on a straight line basis over the period of lease term (5 Years).
Intangible Asset is measured at cost and amortised so as to reflect the pattern in which the assets economic benefits
are consumed. The useful life of Computer Software has been estimated as five years.
Depreciation method, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each financial year end and adjusted, if
considered appropriate.
(e) Impairment of Non-Financial Assets
Assessment is done at each balance sheet date as to whether there is any indication that an asset (PPE and Intangible)
may be impaired. If any such indication exists, an estimate of the recoverable amount of the asset /cash generating
=== PAGE 86 ===
81
BIRLA CABLE
unit (CGU) is made. Recoverable amount is higher of an asset’s or cash generating unit’s net selling price and its
value in use. Value in use is the present value of estimated future cash flows expected to arise from the continuing
use of an asset and from its disposal at the end of its useful life. For the purpose of assessing impairment, the
recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are
largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. The smallest identifiable group of assets that
generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or
groups of assets, is considered as a cash generating unit (CGU). An asset or CGU whose carrying value exceeds its
recoverable amount is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. Assessment is also done
at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that an impairment loss recognised for an asset in prior
accounting periods may no longer exist or may have decreased.
(f) Government Grants and Subsidies
Grants and subsidies (including industrial investment promotion incentives linked to fixed capital investment in Property,
Plant and Equipment, etc.) from the Government(s) are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the
conditions attached to them will be complied and grants/subsidies will be received. Government subsidies/incentives
inextricably based upon and linked to fixed capital investments in Property, Plant and Equipment for setting up a new
industrial undertaking or for substantial expansion/technological upgradation/diversification of an existing industrial
undertaking where no repayment is stipulated are deducted from the carrying amount of Property, Plant and Equipment.
Export benefits availed as per prevalent schemes are accounted for in the year in which the goods are exported
subject to the condition that there exists no significant uncertainty with regard to their ultimate collection.
(g) Inventories
Inventories are valued as follows:
Raw Materials, Stores, Spare Parts Lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on a
and Packing Material transaction moving weighted average basis. However, raw materials
and other items held for use in the production of inventories are not
written down below cost if the finished products in which they will be
incorporated are expected to be sold at or above cost.
Traded Goods Lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on transaction
moving weighted average basis
.
Work-in-Progress and Finished Goods Lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost includes direct materials
(determined on a transaction moving weighted average basis), labour
and a proportion of manufacturing overheads based on normal operating
capacity of relevant production facilities.
Scrap Materials Estimated Net Realisable Value.
Cost comprise all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their
present location and condition. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business,
less estimated cost of completion and estimated cost necessary to make the sale.
(h) Fair Value Measurement
The Company measures financial instruments such as investment and derivatives at fair value at each balance sheet
date.
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that
the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
(i) In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
(ii) In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability to which the
Company has access at that date.
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the standalone financial statements are
categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to
the fair value measurement as a whole:
Level 1- Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
Level 2- Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is
directly or indirectly observable;
=== PAGE 87 ===
82
BIRLA CABLE
Level 3- Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is
unobservable.
For the purpose of fair value disclosure, the Company has determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of
nature, characteristics and risks of the assets or liabilities and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.
Management determines the policies and procedures for both recurring fair value measurement, such as derivative
instruments and unquoted financial assets and for non-recurring measurement, such as assets held for disposal.
(i) Financial Instruments
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity
instrument of another entity.
(1) Financial Assets
(a) Initial Recognition and Measurement
All financial assets are initially recognized at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
acquisition or issue of financial assets and liabilities, which are not fair value through profit and loss, are
adjusted to the fair value on initial recognition. However, trade receivable that do not contain a significant
financing component are measured at transaction price.
(b) Subsequent Measurement
Financial Assets other than Equity Instruments
(i) Financial Assets carried at Amortised cost:
A financial asset is subsequently measured at amortized cost if it is held within a business model whose
objective is to hold the asset in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms of the
financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
interest on principal outstanding. Interest income from these financial assets is included in other income
using the effective rate interest (“EIR”) method.
(ii) Financial Assets at Fair value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI):
A financial asset is subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if it is
held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and
selling financial assets and the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to
cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on principal outstanding. They are
subsequently measured at each reporting date at fair value, with all fair value movements recognised in
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI). On de-recognition of the asset, cumulative gain or loss previously
recognised in Other Comprehensive Income is reclassified from the OCI to the Statement of Profit and
Loss.
(iii) Financial Asset at Fair Value through Profit or Loss (FVTPL):
A financial asset which is not classified in any of the above categories are subsequently fair valued
through profit and loss.
Equity Instruments
(i) Equity Instrument Valued at Cost :
The Company has accounted for its Investment in Subsidiary at cost.
(ii) Other Equity Investments
All other equity investments are measured at fair value. Equity Investments, which are held for trading
are classified as Fair value through the Statement of Profit and Loss. For equity investments other than
held for trading, the Company has exercised irrevocable option to recognise fair value changes in
‘Other Comprehensive Income’ (“OCI”) save & except passive long-trem investments in a power producer
company for sourcing of renewable energy which are measured at cost by treating it as fair value
through Profit and Loss (FVTPL) as per the governing terms and conditions of the Power Purchase
Agreement (Refer Note No.4). The Company makes such election on an instrument-by-instrument
basis for those investments which are strategic and are not intended for sale. If the Company decides
to classify an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value changes on the instrument, excluding
dividends, are recognised in the OCI. Gain/ losses on disposal of such investments are transferred from
OCI to Retained Earnings.
=== PAGE 88 ===
83
BIRLA CABLE
(c) Derecognition of Financial Asset
The Company derecognizes financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial
asset expire or it transfers the financial asset and the transfer qualifies for de-recognition under Ind AS 109.
(d) Impairment of Financial Assets (Other than financial assets at fair value)
The Company assesses at each date of Balance Sheet whether a financial asset or a group of financial
assets is impaired. Ind AS 109 requires expected credit losses to be measured through a loss allowance.
The Company determines expected credit losses after taking into account the past history of recovery, risk
of default of the counterparty, existing market conditions, etc. The impairment methodology is applied on
individual customer basis and depends on whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk
since initial recognition.
(2) Financial Liabilities
(a) Recognition and Initial Measurement:
Financial liabilities at initial recognition are classified at fair value through profit or loss, loans and borrowings,
payables or as derivatives, as appropriate. All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in
the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.
(b) Subsequent Measurement:
Financial liabilities are measured subsequently at amortized cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified
as FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, or it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial
recognition. Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any
interest expense, are recognized in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at
amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and
losses are recognized in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on de-recognition is also recognised in the Statement
of Profit and Loss.
(c) Derecognition:
A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or
expired.
(3) Offsetting Financial Instruments:
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the Balance Sheet when there is a
legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or
realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
(4) Derivative Financial Instruments:
The Company enters into derivative financial instruments viz. foreign exchange forward contracts and interest
rate swaps and to manage its exposure to interest rate and foreign exchange rate risks. Derivatives are initially
recognized at fair value on the date when the derivative contracts are entered into and are subsequently re-
measured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognized in the
Statement of Profit and Loss immediately.
(j) Income Taxes
Tax expense comprises current income tax and deferred tax. Current income tax expense is measured at the amount
expected to be paid to the taxation authorities in accordance with the governing provisions of the Income-Tax Act,
1961. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted,
at the reporting date.
Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet method on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets
and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the reporting date. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realised or the
liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting
date.
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which
the deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised.
Income tax (Current and Deferred) is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss except to the extent it relates to
the items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income.
=== PAGE 89 ===
84
BIRLA CABLE
Current tax assets and Current tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set of the recognised
amounts and where it intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
(k) Revenue from Contract with Customer
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of the goods or services are transferred to the
customer at an amount that reflects the consideration entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
Revenue is measured at the value of the consideration received or receivable, taking into account contractual terms
and conditions. Taxes (GST) collected on behalf of the government are excluded from revenue. Revenue is recognized
to the extent it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and the revenue and costs, if applicable,
can be measured reliably. Revenue is disclosed net of returns and incentives, as applicable. Variable consideration
includes volume discounts, price concessions, liquidated damages, incentives, etc. The Company estimates the
variable consideration with respect to above based on an analysis of accumulated historical experience. The variable
consideration is adjusted as and when the expectation regarding the same changes.
Performance obligation in case of Revenue from sale of goods is satisfied at a point in time and is recognized when
control of goods is transferred to the customers. Generally, control is transferred upon shipment of goods to the
customer or when the goods is made available to the customer, provided transfer of title to the customer occurs and
the Company has not retained any significant risks of ownership or future obligations with respect to the goods
shipped.
Services Income is recognised over the period as per the terms and conditions of the contract. Interest income is
recognised on time proportion basis. Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.
Export benefits availed as per the prevalent schemes are accrued each year in which the goods are exported and
when no significant uncertainty exist regarding the ultimate collection.
(l) Borrowing Costs
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction, production or development of qualifying assets,
which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.
All other borrowing costs are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which they are incurred.
Transaction cost in respect of long term borrowing are amortised over the tenure of respective loans using Effective
Interest Rate (EIR) method.
(m) Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
The Company recognises a provision when there is a present obligation as a result of past event that probably
requires an outflow of resources and reliable estimates can be made of the amount of obligation.
A disclosure of contingent liability is made when there is possible obligation or a present obligation that will probably
not require outflow of resources or where a reliable estimate of the obligation cannot be made. Where there is a
possible obligation or a present obligation and likelihood of outflow of resources is remote, no provision or disclosure
is made.
Contingent assets are not recognized but disclosed in the standalone financial statements, where economic inflow is
probable.
(n) Employee Benefits
Defined Contribution Plan
The Company makes regular contributions to recognised Provident Fund/Family Pension Fund and also to duly
constituted and approved Superannuation Fund, which are recognised as expense in the Statement of Profit and
Loss during the period in which the employee renders the related service.
Defined Benefit Scheme
Gratuity, Pension and Compensated Absences benefits, payable as per Company’s schemes are considered as
defined benefit schemes and are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss on the basis of actuarial valuation
carried out at the end of each financial year by independent actuaries using Projected Unit Credit Method. For the
purpose of presentation of defined benefit plans in the Balance sheet, the present value of the defined benefit
obligation at the reporting date is netted off with the fair value of plan assets and allocated between current and non-
current as determined by independent actuary. Actuarial gains and losses are recognised in the Other Comprehensive
Income except actuarial gains and losses on compensated absences and pension benefits which are charged to the
Statement of Profit and Loss.
=== PAGE 90 ===
85
BIRLA CABLE
Ex-gratia or other amount disbursed on account of selective employees separation scheme or otherwise are charged
to Statement of Profit and Loss as and when incurred/determined.
(o) Leases
Where the Company is the Lessee:
The Company’s lease asset class primarily consist of lease for building. The Company, at the inception of a contract,
assesses whether the contract is a lease or not a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the
right to control the use of an identified asset for a time in exchange for a consideration. The Company has elected not
to recognize Right-of-use Assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or
less and leases of low-value assets and the corresponding lease rental paid are directly charged to the Statement of
Profit and Loss. The Company recognizes the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense over the
lease term. The Company recognises a Right-of-use Asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date.
The Right-of-use Asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted
for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial costs incurred. The Right-of-use
Asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to the end of the
lease term. The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
commencement date, discounted using the Company’s incremental borrowing rate. Subsequently, lease liabilities
are measured on amortised cost basis.
(p) Foreign Currency Translations
Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency, by applying to the foreign currency
amount the exchange rate between the functional currency and the foreign currency at the date of the transaction.
Foreign currency monetary items are translated using the exchange rate prevailing at the reporting date.
(q) Segment Reporting - Identification of Segments:
An operating segment is a component of the Company that engages in business activities from which it may earn
revenues and incur expenses, whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the company’s Chief Operating
Decision Maker (“CODM”) to make decisions for which discrete financial information is available. Based on the
management approach as defined in Ind AS 108, the CODM evaluates the Company’s performance and allocates
resources based on an analysis of various performance indicators by business segments and geographic segments
(r) Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the year attributable to equity shareholders
of the company by the weighted average number of the equity shares outstanding during the year.
For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, net profit or loss attributable to equity shareholders of the
Company and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year is adjusted for the effect of all
dilutive potential equity shares.
(s) Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash equivalent in the Cash Flow Statement comprises cash on hand, demand deposits with banks and
short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less from the date of acquisition.
(t) Recent Pronouncements
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new standards or amendments to the existing standards under Companies
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued from time to time. In May 2025, MCA notified amendments to:
Ind AS 21 - The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025. The Company has
reviewed the amendment and based on its evaluation has determined that it does not have any significant impact in
its financial statements.
In August 2025, MCA notified the following amendments to:
Ind AS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements, applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025 – The amendment relates to classification
of liabilities as current or non-current and non-current liabilities with covenants. In the context of classifying a liability
as current, it removes the requirement of existence of a right to defer settlement for at least 12 months after the
reporting date and instead requires that the said right should exist on the reporting date and have substance. The
amendment also introduces guidance on classification of liabilities with covenants. The Company has no impact of
these amendments in its classification criteria of current and non-current liabilities.
Ind AS 7, Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS 107, Financial Instruments: Disclosures, applicable w.e.f. April 1,
2025-the amendment in Ind AS 7 requires to inform users of financial statements of the existence of supplier finance
=== PAGE 91 ===
86
BIRLA CABLE
2. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
(` in lakhs)
Particulars Right-of- Buildings Right-of- Plant and Office Furniture Vehicles Total
Use Assets Use Assets Equipment Equipment and
(Land) (Building) Refer Note Fixtures
No. (ii)
Gross Block (Cost/Deemed Cost)
Balance as at 31 st March, 2024 32.35 1860.35 162.83 17309.26 72.50 45.47 91.83 19574.59
Additions during the year 2024-25 - 24.80 179.26 2769.10 5.56 3.05 28.84 3010.61
Deduction/Adjustment during the year 2024-25 - - 162.83 382.80 0.11 0.45 21.68 567.87
Balance as at 31 st March, 2025 32.35 1885.15 179.26 19695.56 77.95 48.07 98.99 22017.33
Additions during the year 2025-26 - - - 167.37 4.92 17.41 1.35 191.05
Deduction/Adjustment during the year 2025-26 - - - 491.20 3.65 - 28.53 523.38
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 32.35 1885.15 179.26 19371.73 79.22 65.48 71.81 21685.00
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at 31 st March, 2024 3.50 265.65 151.99 7269.77 52.40 29.46 63.17 7835.94
Depreciation for the year 2024-25 0.72 57.19 34.76 1461.01 8.44 3.84 9.44 1575.40
Deletion/Adjustments during the year 2024-25 - - 162.83 31.68 0.04 0.41 20.47 215.43
Balance as at 31 st March, 2025 4.22 322.84 23.92 8699.10 60.80 32.89 52.14 9195.91
Depreciation for the year 2025-26 0.72 52.59 35.85 1464.74 7.85 3.38 10.81 1575.94
Deletion/Adjustments during the year 2025-26 - - - 48.43 3.39 - 24.15 75.97
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 4.94 375.43 59.77 10115.41 65.26 36.27 38.80 10695.88
Net Block
Balance as at 31 st March, 2025 28.13 1562.31 155.34 10996.46 17.15 15.18 46.85 12821.42
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 27.41 1509.72 119.49 9256.32 13.96 29.21 33.01 10989.12
Notes:
(i) Refer Note No. 17(i) and 21(ii) for details of mortgage/ hypothecations of Property, Plant and Equipment towards security.
(ii) Adjustments during the year includes ` 416.28 lakhs (` 347.00 lakhs) towards subsidy under Industrial Investment Promotion
Incentive Schemes linked to Fixed Capital Investment in Property, Plant and Equipment, etc.
(iii) The lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee.
(iv) No proceedings have been initiated or pending against the Company for holding any benami property under the Benami
Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988.
arrangements and explain the nature of the arrangements, the carrying amount of liabilities and the range of payment
due dates. Ind AS 107 has been amended to add supplier finance arrangements as a factor that may cause
concentration of liquidity risk. The Company has reviewed the amendment and based on its evaluation has determined
that it does not have any impact in its financial statements.
Ind AS 12, International Tax Reform Pillar Two Model Rules applicable immediately The amendments provide a
temporary mandatory relief from deferred tax accounting for top-up tax and disclose that they have applied the relief.
The Company does not operate in any overseas jurisdiction; accordingly, there is no impact from the application of
Pillar Two rules.
=== PAGE 92 ===
87
BIRLA CABLE
3. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (` in lakhs)
Particulars Computer Software
Gross Block
Balance as at 31st March, 2024 31.15
Additions during the year 2024-25 12.25
Deduction/Adjustment during the year 2024-25    -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 43.40
Additions during the year 2025-26    -
Deduction/Adjustment during the year 2025-26    -
Balance as at 31 st March, 2026 43.40
Accumulated Amortisation
Balance as at 31st March, 2024 30.45
Amortisation for the year 2024-25 0.37
Deduction/Adjustment during the year 2024-25  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 30.82
Amortisation for the year 2025-26 2.61
Deduction/Adjustment during the year 2025-26    -
Balance as at 31 st March, 2026 33.43
Net Block
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 12.58
Balance as at 31 st March, 2026 9.97
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
4. INVESTMENTS (NON CURRENT)
Investments in Equity Instruments
A. Investment carried at Cost
Investments in Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company
Unquoted - Fully paid up Equity Shares of AED 1000/- each
6,25,000 (6,25,000) Birla Cable Infrasolutions DMCC 139.84 139.84
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Aggregate amount of Investment in Subsidiary at cost 139.84 139.84------------------------------ ------------------------------
B. Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income
Quoted - Fully paid up Equity Shares of  ````` 10/- each
7,85,967 (7,85,967) Universal Cables Limited 5105.64 3894.86
280 (280) Birla Corporation Limited 2.34 2.96
100 (100) Vindhya Telelinks Limited 0.98 1.28
------------------------------ ------------------------------
5108.96 3899.10------------------------------ ------------------------------
Unquoted - Fully paid up Equity Shares of  ````` 10/- each
9,800 (9,800) Universal Telelinks Private Limited 4.33 4.19
9,800 (9,800) Universal Electricals Private Limited 6.27 5.67
------------------------------ ------------------------------
10.60 9.86------------------------------ ------------------------------
Aggregate amount of Investments recognised at Fair Value through
Other Comprehensive Income 5119.56 3908.96
=== PAGE 93 ===
88
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
4. INVESTMENTS (NON CURRENT) (Contd.)
C. Investment carried at Fair Value through Profit or Loss
Unquoted - Fully paid up Equity Shares of  ````` 10/- each
- (17,39,400) Continuum MP Windfarm Development Pvt. Ltd. - 173.94
------------------------------ ------------------------------
- 173.94------------------------------ ------------------------------
Total (A+B+C) 5259.40 4222.74------------------------------ ------------------------------
Market Value of Quoted Investments 5108.96 3899.10------------------------------ ------------------------------
5. LOANS (NON CURRENT)
(Unsecured and Considered Good)
Loan to Related Parties - 0.88
Loans to Employees 7.88 16.96
------------------------------ ------------------------------
7.88 17.84------------------------------ ------------------------------
6. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (NON CURRENT)
Security Deposits (Unsecured and Considered Good) 157.16 156.01
Bank Deposits with more than 12 months maturity (Term Deposit Receipts
are under lien with Banks towards Margin against Letter(s) of Credit, Bank
Guarantees and other Commitments) 4.59 21.82
------------------------------ ------------------------------
161.75 177.83------------------------------ ------------------------------
7. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
(Unsecured and Considered Good)
Capital Advances - 2.06
------------------------------ ------------------------------
- 2.06------------------------------ ------------------------------
8. INVENTORIES
(Refer Note No. 1.5 (g) for Mode of Valuation)
Raw Materials 4294.42 2286.78
[Including in Transit ` 51.24 lakhs ( ` 330.05 lakhs)]
Work-in-Progress 2144.33 1490.49
Finished Goods 971.94 823.35
[Including in Transit ` 61.36 lakhs ( ` 88.92 lakhs)]
Stores and Spares [Including in Transit ` Nil (` 10.21 lakhs)] 201.80 246.82
Packing Materials 187.58 194.23
Scrap Materials 96.75 77.78
------------------------------ ------------------------------
7896.82 5119.45------------------------------ ------------------------------
(Refer Note No. 17(i) & 21(ii) for information on inventory pledged as security)
=== PAGE 94 ===
89
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
9. TRADE RECEIVABLES
Secured - Considered Good 154.04 167.01
Unsecured - Considered Good 20143.33 16555.11
Trade Receivables which have significant increase in credit risk 222.20 49.82
------------------------------ ------------------------------
20519.57 16771.94
Less: Allowance for Expected Credit Loss 222.20 49.82
------------------------------ ------------------------------
20297.37 16722.12------------------------------ ------------------------------
(Refer Note No. 17(i) & 21(ii) for information on trade receivable pledged as security)
Notes:
(1) No trade receivables are due from Directors or other officers of the Company either severally or jointly with any other
person nor any trade or other receivable are due from firms or private companies in which any Director is a partner, a
Director or a member.
(2) Trade Receivables include an aggregate amount of 
` 2479.19 lakhs / EUR 23.24 lakhs ( ` 2408.45 lakhs / EUR 26.39
lakhs) (net of return, discount and customer claims) against certain invoices of previous years relating to export of Products
which has been considered as good and recoverable based on confirmation/reconciliation of the outstanding amount with
the concerned overseas customer. Accordingly, the Company does not expect material adjustment in the books of account
except for the delay in realisation of the export proceeds thereagainst.
Trade Receivable Ageing Schedule (` in lakhs)
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments
Not Due Less than 6 Months 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than Total
6 Months - 1 Year 3 Years
As at 31st March, 2026
Undisputed  Trade Receivables-
Considered Good 17292.93 717.06 30.39 119.64 2137.35 - 20297.37
Undisputed Trade Receivables
which have Significant Increase
in Credit Risk - - - - 222.20 - 222.20
Total 17292.93 717.06 30.39 119.64 2359.55 - 20519.57
As at 31st March, 2025
Undisputed  Trade Receivables-
Considered Good 13483.92 877.67
1.90 2358.63 - - 16722.12
Undisputed Trade Receivables
which have Significant Increase
in Credit Risk - -
- 49.82 - - 49.82
Total 13483.92 877.67 1.90 2408.45 - - 16771.94
Movment in Allowance for Expected Credit Loss
(` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Balance at the beginning of the year 49.82 -
Addition during the year 172.38 49.82
Balance at the end of the year 222.20 49.82
=== PAGE 95 ===
90
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
10. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Balances with Banks - In Current Accounts 1.56 12.55
- In  Cash Credit Accounts - 5.68
Cheques on Hand 26.84 61.69
Cash on Hand 3.74 3.00------------------------------ ------------------------------
32.14 82.92------------------------------ ------------------------------
11. BANK BALANCES OTHER THAN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Unclaimed Dividend Accounts 56.29 69.96
Term Deposits (Term Deposit Receipts are under lien with Banks towards
Margin against Letter(s) of Credit, Bank Guarantees and other Commitments) 241.85 1315.78------------------------------ ------------------------------
298.14 1385.74------------------------------ ------------------------------
12. LOANS (CURRENT)
(Unsecured and Considered Good)
Loans to Related Parties - 1.80
Loans to Employees 10.06 19.30------------------------------ ------------------------------
10.06 21.10------------------------------ ------------------------------
13. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
(Unsecured and Considered Good)
Industrial Investment Promotion Incentives Receivable 763.28 347.00
Security Deposit - 17.29
Duty Scrip on Hand 69.53 28.12
Claim, Export Benefits Receivable etc. 29.64 162.42------------------------------ ------------------------------
862.45 554.83------------------------------ ------------------------------
14. OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
(Unsecured and Considered Good)
Prepaid Expenses 0.58 -
Balance with Government Authorities 142.22 111.60
Advance to Supplier, etc. 572.75 312.65------------------------------ ------------------------------
715.55 424.25------------------------------ ------------------------------
=== PAGE 96 ===
91
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
15. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
Authorised
4,25,00,000 (4,25,00,000) Equity Shares of ` 10/- each 4250.00 4250.00
75,00,000 (75,00,000) Preference Shares of ` 10/- each 750.00 750.00------------------------------ ------------------------------
5000.00 5000.00------------------------------ ------------------------------
Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid Up
3,00,00,000 (3,00,00,000) Equity Shares of ` 10/- each 3000.00 3000.00------------------------------ ------------------------------
3000.00 3000.00------------------------------ ------------------------------
(a) Reconciliation of the number of equity shares and amount outstanding at the beginning of the year and at the
end of the year :
Particulars As at 31 st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
No. of Shares ````` in lakhs No. of Shares ` in lakhs
Outstanding at the beginning of the year 30000000 3000.00 30000000 3000.00
Outstanding at the end of the year 30000000 3000.00 30000000 3000.00
(b) Term/Right attached to Equity Shares:
The Company has issued only one class of shares referred to as equity share having face value of ` 10/- per share and
ranking paripassu. The holders of equity shares are entitled to one vote per share.
(c) Details of Shareholders holding more than 5% shares based on legal ownership in the subscribed share capital
of the Company:
Sl. Name of the Shareholder As at 31 st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
No. No. of Shares % of Holding No. of Shares % of Holding
(i) Vindhya Telelinks Limited 5800100 19.33 5800100 19.33
(ii) Birla Corporation Limited 5388515 17.96 5388515 17.96
(iii) Universal Cables Limited 3900100 13.00 3900100 13.00
(iv) The Punjab Produce and Trading Co.
Pvt. Limited 2278169 7.59 2278169 7.59
(v) Hindustan Medical Institution 1713260 5.71 1713260 5.71
(d) Promoter’s Shareholding:
As at 31st March, 2026
Sl. Name of Promoter No. of Shares % of % Change
No. Total Shares During the year
(i) Vindhya Telelinks Limited 5800100 19.33 Nil
(ii) Universal Cables Limited 3900100 13.00 Nil
(iii) The Punjab Produce and Trading Co. Pvt. Limited 2278169 7.59 Nil
(iv) Hindustan Medical Institution 1713260 5.71 Nil
(v) East India Investment Company Private Limited 500600 1.67 Nil
(vi) Mohit Shantilal Shah/ Mahendra Kumar Sharma/ Amal
Chandra Chakraborty (Representatives to the Estate
of the Deceased Priyamvada Devi Birla in the capacity
of Administrators Pendente Lite) 124241 0.41 Nil
=== PAGE 97 ===
92
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
16. OTHER EQUITY
Securities Premium
O
pening Balance 2000.00 2000.00------------------------------ ------------------------------
Closing Balance 2000.00 2000.00------------------------------ ------------------------------
General Reserve
Opening Balance 1900.45 1900.45------------------------------ ------------------------------
Closing Balance 1900.45 1900.45------------------------------ ------------------------------
Retained Earnings
Opening Balance 15397.18 15445.88
Profit for the year 1686.78 503.11
Item of Other Comprehensive Income recognised directly in Retained
Earnings [Re-measurement of Defined Employment Benefits Plan (Net of Tax)] 34.66 41.50
Loss on Disposal of Equity Instrument transferred to OCI - (68.31)
Dividend on Equity Shares - (525.00)------------------------------ ------------------------------
Closing Balance 17118.62 15397.18------------------------------ ------------------------------
21019.07 19297.63------------------------------ ------------------------------
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
Equity Instrument through OCI
Opening Balance 3130.54 2844.77
Fair Valuation Gain/(Loss) on Equity Instruments 1037.35 217.46
Loss on Sale of  Equity Instrument transferred from Retained Earning - 68.31------------------------------ ------------------------------
Closing Balance 4167.89 3130.54------------------------------ ------------------------------
25186.95 22428.17------------------------------ ------------------------------
17. BORROWING (NON-CURRENT)
Secured
Loans from Banks
T
erm Loan 131.16 105.08
Buyer’s Credit (In Foreign Currency) - 1162.84
Supplier’s Credit (In Foreign Currency) 3070.35 3797.26
Loans from Others
Term Loan from a Financial Institution (NBFC) 249.30 1993.15
Unsecured
Other Loans
Loans from Bodies Corporate 1500.00 1500.00
------------------------------ ------------------------------
4950.81 8558.33------------------------------ ------------------------------
=== PAGE 98 ===
93
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
17. BORROWING (NON-CURRENT) (Contd.)
Less: Current Maturities of Long-term Borrowings at the year end
   (Disclosed under Note No. 21)
Secured
Loans from Banks
Term Loan 37.47 23.42
Buyer’s Credit (In Foreign Currency) - 1162.84
Supplier’s Credit (In Foreign Currency) 1180.52 1084.72
Loans from Others
Term Loan from a Financial Institution (NBFC) 249.30 1000.00
Unsecured
Loans from Bodies Corporate - 1500.00
------------------------------ ------------------------------
1467.29 4770.98
------------------------------ ------------------------------
3483.52 3787.35
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Notes:
Secured Borrowing
(i) Loans from Banks/NBFC are secured by way of hypothecation charge over  movable Property, Plant and Equipment,
both present and future and charge created by way of  mortgage by deposit of title deeds of certain immovable properties
of the Company, ranking first/second pari-passu interse amongst the consortium lender banks and  term  loan lender(s)
(including Supplier’s Credit). Loans from Banks/NBFC are further secured by first/or second pari-passu charge (specific
to a term loan) by way of hypothecation of entire Current Assets, both present and future, of the Company viz. inventories,
bills receivables, book debts, claims, etc. Rupee Term Loans from Bank/NBFC are repayable in equated quarterly
instalments, commencing from March, 2024 and ending on September, 2029 and carry  rate of interest varying from
8.75% p.a. to  10.45% p.a. on the reporting date. Supplier’s Credit(s) in Foreign Currency availed from Banks are due for
repayment  between June, 2026 to December, 2027 and carry rate of interest varying from 2.95% p.a. to 4.58% p.a. on
the reporting date. The Supplier’s Credit in Foreign Currency (excluding availed from a term lender) are also backed by
corporate guarantee of Vindhya Telelinks Limited, a body corporate.
(ii) Neither registration nor satisfaction of any charge is pending to be filed/registered with the Jurisdictional Registrar of
Companies beyond the statutory period in respect of security created by the Company  in favour of lenders.
(iii) Term Loans were applied for the purpose(s) for which the loans were obtained.
Unsecured Borrowing
Loans from Bodies Corporate  carry rate of interest varying from 8.85% p.a. to 9.00% p.a. and are due for repayment between
November, 2028 to March, 2029 as per the mutually agreed repayment schedule with the concerned lenders.
18. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABLITY (NON-CURRENT)
Security Deposit - 168.00------------------------------ ------------------------------
- 168.00------------------------------ ------------------------------
19. PROVISIONS (NON-CURRENT)
Provision for Employee Benefits 28.36 18.63------------------------------ ------------------------------
28.36 18.63------------------------------ ------------------------------
=== PAGE 99 ===
94
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
20. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (NET)
(a) Deferred Tax Liabilities
Depreciation and Amortisation on Property, Plant and Equipments,
Intangible Asset and Others 688.89 758.27
On Other Comprehensive Income 548.69 375.44------------------------------ ------------------------------
1237.58 1133.71------------------------------ ------------------------------
(b) Deferred Tax Assets
Allowance for Doubtful Receivables 28.73 12.54
Items Deductible on Payment Basis 217.20 121.32------------------------------ ------------------------------
245.93 133.86------------------------------ ------------------------------
Net Deferred Tax Liabilities 991.65 999.85------------------------------ ------------------------------
Reconciliation of Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net):
Opening Balance 999.85 923.50
Deferred Tax (Income)/Expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss (181.45) (51.23)
Deferred Tax Expense on Other Comprehensive Income 173.25 127.58------------------------------ ------------------------------
Closing Balance 991.65 999.85------------------------------ ------------------------------
21. BORROWINGS
Working Capital Loans/Borrowings from Banks (Secured)
Working Capital Loan 130.00 -
Cash Credit Facilities 3557.48 872.06
Export Packing Credit 4493.35 1469.97
Current Maturities of Long Term Borrowings (Refer Note No.17) 1467.29 4770.98------------------------------ ------------------------------
9648.12 7113.01------------------------------ ------------------------------
Notes:
Secured Borrowing
(i) Working Capital Loans/Borrowings from Banks are generally renewable within twelve months from the date of sanction or
immediately previous renewal date, unless otherwise stated. The lender banks have a right to cancel the credit limits
(either fully or partially) and, inter-alia, demand repayment in case of non-compliance of terms and conditions of sanctions
or deterioration in the sanctioned loan accounts in any manner.
(ii) Working Capital Loans/Borrowings (both fund and non fund based)  from  Banks are secured by first/or second charge by
way of hypothecation of entire Current Assets both present and future, of the Company viz. inventories, bills receivables,
book debts (trade receivables), claims, etc. ranking pari-passu amongst the lender consortium banks and certain secured
term loan lender and are further secured by way of hypothecation of movable property, plant and equipment, both present
and future, and  charge created by way of  mortgage by deposit of title deeds of certain immovable properties of the
Company, ranking first/or second (specific to a term lender) pari-passu interse amongst the lender consortium banks and
Term Loan lenders. The Working Capital Borrowings are also backed by corporate guarantee of Vindhya Telelinks Limited,
a body corporate.
(iii) Funds raised on short term basis have not been utilised for long term purposes and deployed for the purpose(s) they were
obtained.
(iv) Charges with respect to above working capital borrowings have been created in favour of Security Trustee acting for the
benefit of and on behalf of the lenders.
(v) Bank Returns/Stock Statements filed by the Company with its bankers are materially in agreement with the books of
account.
(vi) Neither registration nor satisfaction of any charge is pending to be filed/registered with the Jurisdictional Registrar of
Companies beyond the statutory period in respect of security created by the Company  in favour of lenders.
=== PAGE 100 ===
95
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
22. TRADE PAYABLES
Total Outstanding Dues of Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises*; and 920.18 453.17
Total Outstanding Dues of Creditors Other than Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises 2152.00 2504.82------------------------------ ------------------------------
3072.18 2957.99------------------------------ ------------------------------
Trade Payable Ageing Schedule (` in lakhs)
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments
Particulars Unbilled Not Due Less than 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than Total
1 Year 3 Years
Undisputed Trade Payable as at 31.03.2026
Due to Micro and Small Enterprises - 918.54 1.64 - - - 920.18
Due to Other than Micro and Small Enterprises 108.04 1776.15 265.34 0.05 2.28 0.14 2152.00
Total 108.04 2694.69 266.98 0.05 2.28 0.14 3072.18
Undisputed Trade Payable as at 31.03.2025
Due to Micro and Small Enterprises - 419.25 33.92 - - - 453.17
Due to Other than Micro and Small Enterprises 606.09 1104.18 791.94 2.28 0.33 - 2504.82
Total 606.09 1523.43 825.86 2.28 0.33 - 2957.99
* Principal amount outstanding as at the year end. There is no overdue amount of principal and interest due to Micro and Small
Enterprises. During the period, no interest has been paid to such Enterprises. This information has been determined to the
extent such Enterprises have been identified on the basis of information available with the Company.
23. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
Interest accrued but not due on Borrowings 30.67 85.47
Accrued Employee Benefits Expense 49.35 39.44
Unclaimed Dividend* 56.29 69.96
Creditors/Liability Pertaining to Capital Expenditure 33.62 118.08
Provision for MTM of Derivative Instruments 29.32 2.31
Director’s Commission Payable 18.00 11.50------------------------------ ------------------------------
217.25 326.76------------------------------ ------------------------------
*This does not include any outstanding amount to be credited to Investors Education and Protection Fund during the year.
24. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
Statutory Dues 291.56 582.78
Advances from Customers and Others 230.61 42.31------------------------------ ------------------------------
522.17 625.09------------------------------ ------------------------------
25. PROVISIONS
Provision for Employee Benefits 138.92 52.52------------------------------ ------------------------------
138.92 52.52------------------------------ ------------------------------
=== PAGE 101 ===
96
BIRLA CABLE
For the year ended For the year ended
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
26. REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
(Refer Note No. 35)
Sale of Products 73483.60 62779.44
Other Operating Income
Sale of Scrap Materials 3497.62 3228.94
Processing Charges Received 0.85 -
Export Incentives 129.33 156.85---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
77111.40 66165.23---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
27. OTHER INCOME
Interest Income
From Banks 22.57 85.93
From Others 59.31 14.17
Dividend Income on Non-Current Investments 31.48 23.62
Gain on Foreign Currency Transactions (Net) 114.68 212.07
Unspent Liabilities/Sundry Balances Written Back (Net) 135.88 2.43
Profit on Disposal of Property, Plant and Equipments (Net) 13.47 4.02
Other Non Operating Income 0.89 4.86---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
378.28 347.10---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
28. CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS,
WORK-IN-PROGRESS AND STOCK-IN TRADE, ETC.
Closing Inventories
W
ork-in-Progress 2144.33 1490.49
Finished Goods 971.94 823.35
Scrap Materials 96.75 77.78---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
3213.02 2391.62---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
Opening Inventories
Work-in-Progress 1490.49 1459.96
Finished Goods 823.35 1118.90
Scrap Materials 77.78 117.34---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
2391.62 2696.20---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
(821.40) 304.58---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
29. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
Salaries, Wages, Bonus and Benefits, etc. 3420.90 3100.04
Contribution to Provident and Other Funds, etc. 200.13 189.51
Employees Welfare Expenses 80.17 82.46---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
3701.20 3372.01---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
=== PAGE 102 ===
97
BIRLA CABLE
For the year ended For the year ended
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
30. FINANCE COSTS
Interest Expense 890.71 1172.08
Interest on Lease Liability 14.63 10.10
Other Borrowing Costs 328.17 189.57---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
1233.51 1371.75---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
31. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSE
On Property, Plant and Equipment 1575.94 1575.40
On Intangible Assets 2.61 0.37---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
1578.55 1575.77---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
32. OTHER EXPENSES
Consumption of Stores and Spares 242.03 250.86
Packing Materials 2203.77 2062.84
Processing/Job Work and Testing Charges 84.70 141.00
Power and Fuel 1086.01 988.59
Freight and Transportation (Net) 927.20 937.46
Rent (Net) - 2.28
Repair & Maintenance
Plant and Equipment 375.67 400.67
Buildings 92.83 84.38
Others 4.02 3.88
Insurance 107.81 88.10
Rates & Taxes 45.05 126.68
Travelling and Conveyance 68.02 129.95
Payment to Auditors
Statutory Auditors
Audit Fees 11.50 11.50
Tax Audit Fee 1.50 1.50
Quarterly Reviews 4.50 4.50
Certification, etc. 4.95 5.50
Reimbursement of Expenses 1.49 0.84
Cost Auditors
Audit Fees 0.75 0.75
Certification, etc. 0.08 0.11
Reimbursement of Expenses 0.09 0.09
Director’s Commission 18.00 11.50
Miscellaneous Expenses  [Including ` 49.95 lakhs ( ` 62.74 lakhs)
incurred towards Corporate Social Responsibility] 647.84 875.19
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
5927.81 6128.17---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
=== PAGE 103 ===
98
BIRLA CABLE
For the year ended For the year ended
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
33. TAX EXPENSE
Current Tax 752.54 236.04
Tax adjustment of earlier years 1.37 (4.36)
Deferred Tax Charge/(Credit) (181.45) (51.23)---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
Total Tax Expense 572.46 180.45---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
Reconciliation of Effective Tax Rate:
Profit before Tax 2259.24 683.56
Enacted Income Tax Rate 25.17% 25.17%
Tax as per Enacted Income Tax Rate 568.61 172.04
Permanent Disallowances 17.55 19.23
Exempt Dividend Income (7.92) (5.95)
Others (7.15) (0.51)
Tax Adjustment of Earlier Years 1.37 (4.36)
Tax Expenses Recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss 572.46 180.45
Effective Income Tax Rate 25.34% 26.40%
34. EARNING PER SHARE (EPS):
Particulars As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
Weighted Average Number of Equity Shares outstanding during the year 30000000 30000000
Profit for the year ( ` in lakhs) 1686.78 503.11
Nominal value of each equity share ( `) 10.00 10.00
EPS (Basic and Diluted) 5.62 1.68
35. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS:
(a) Disaggregated Revenue Information {Refer Note No. 39(b)}
(b) Contract Balances: (` in lakhs)
Particulars As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
Trade Receivables 20297.37 16722.12
Contract Liabilities 230.61 42.31
Trade Receivables are generally due within 120 days. Contract liabilities include advances received against delivery of
cables.
(c) Reconciliation of the amount of Revenue from Operations recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss with the Contract
Prices:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Revenue as per Contract Price 73674.44 63038.44
Adjustments
Discount, Rebate, Customer Claim and Others 190.84 259.00
Revenue as per the Statement of Profit and Loss (Refer Note No. 26) 73483.60 62779.44
=== PAGE 104 ===
99
BIRLA CABLE
36. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS (TO THE EXTENT NOT PROVIDED FOR):
(a) Contingent liabilities:
Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts 
` 20.85 lakhs ( ` 20.85 lakhs).
(b) Commitments:
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on Capital Account (Net of advances) and not provided for
` 3.95 lakh (` 10.83 lakhs).
37. DIVIDEND:
The Board of Directors in its Meeting held on 22 nd May, 2026 has recommended a dividend of ` 1.25/- (12.50%) per share
(` Nil (-) per share) per fully paid up equity shares of ` 10/- each for the financial year ended on 31 st March, 2026. The same
is subject to approval by the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.
38. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS:
(a) Gratuity and Pension:
(i) Amount of Net Employee Benefit Exposure Recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss: (` in lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity (Funded) Pension (Unfunded)
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Past Service Cost 191.31 - - -
Current Service Cost 18.84 25.30 - -
Interest Cost on Defined Benefit Obligation 23.89 31.39 1.42 1.49
Expected Return on Plan Assets (28.53) (33.85) - -
Net Actuarial (Gain)/Loss Recognised in the year - - (0.24) 0.81
Net Employee Benefits Expense 205.51 22.84 1.18 2.30
(ii) Amount Recognised in Other Comprehensive Income: ( ` in lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity (Funded) Pension (Unfunded)
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Return on Plan Assets 4.74 2.08 - -
Actuarial Gain/(Loss) on Defined Benefit
Obligation arising from -
Experience Adjustment (32.01) 20.69 - -
Difference in Present Value of Obligation 73.59 32.69 - -
Amount Recognised in OCI 46.32 55.46 - -
(iii) Amount Recognised in the Balance Sheet: ( ` in lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity (Funded) Pension (Unfunded)
As at As at As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025 31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
Defined Benefit Obligation (473.20) (422.74) (19.81) (21.42)
Less: Fair Value of the Plan Assets 380.66 489.40 - -
Net Asset/(Liability) (92.54) 66.66 (19.81) (21.42)
=== PAGE 105 ===
100
BIRLA CABLE
(iv) Changes in Present Value of the Defined Benefit Obligation: (` in lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity (Funded) Pension (Unfunded)
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Opening Defined Benefit Obligation 422.74 448.86 21.42 21.91
Interest Cost 23.89 31.39 1.42 1.49
Past Service Cost 191.31 - - -
Current Service Cost 18.84 25.30 - -
Benefits Paid (144.86) (29.44) (2.79) (2.79)
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss (41.58) (53.37) (0.24) 0.81
Unpaid Liability 2.86 - - -
Closing Defined Benefit Obligation 473.20 422.74 19.81 21.42
(v) Changes in the Fair Value of Plan Assets: (` in lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity (Funded) Pension (Unfunded)
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Opening Fair Value of Plan Assets 489.40 482.91 - -
Expected Return 28.53 33.85 - -
Contribution by Employer - - - -
Benefits Paid (142.01) (29.44) - -
Actuarial Gain/(Loss) 4.74 2.08 - -
Closing Fair Value of Plan Assets 380.66 489.40 - -
(vi) The major categories of Plan Assets in case of Funded Gratuity Scheme as a percentage of the fair value of Total
Plan Assets:
Particulars Gratuity (%)
2025-26 2024-25
Investments with Insurer 100 100
The overall expected rate of return on assets is determined based on the actual rate of return during the current year.
The Company expect to contribute ` 100.00 lakhs in defined benefit approved Gratuity plan during the financial year
2026-27.
(vii) The principal assumptions used in determining gratuity and pension obligations for the Company’s plans:
Particulars Gratuity (Funded) Pension (Unfunded)
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Mortality Table IAL (2012-14) IAL (2012-14) IIA IIA
Ultimate Ultimate (2012-2015) (2012-2015)
Attrition Rate 5.00% p.a. 5.00% p.a. N.A. N.A.
Imputed Rate of Interest (D) 7.50% p.a. 6.82% p.a. 7.82% p.a. 7.08% p.a.
Imputed Rate of Interest (IC) 6.82% p.a. 7.23% p.a. 7.08% p.a. 7.26% p.a.
Salary Rise 6.00% p.a.* 6.00% p.a. N.A. N.A.
Return on Plan Assets 6.82% p.a. 7.23% p.a. N.A. N.A.
Remaining Working Life 14.15 years 13.72 years N.A. N.A.
* For first five years it is assumed that Salary rise shall be 1.50% for non-workers
The estimates of future salary increase, considered in actuarial valuation, take into account the effect of inflation,
seniority, promotion and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market. The overall
expected rate of return on plan assets is determined based on the market prices prevailing as on Balance Sheet date,
applicable to the period over which the obligation is to be settled.
=== PAGE 106 ===
101
BIRLA CABLE
(viii) Quantitative Sensitivity Analysis for Significant Assumptions:
Reasonably possible changes at the year end, to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other assumptions
constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation as the amounts shown below: -
(` in lakhs)
Gratuity
Particulars Delta 31 st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
Effect of Decrease Increase Decrease Increase
Discount Rate 1% 21.06 (19.23) 20.17 (18.42)
Salary Growth Rate 1% (20.15) 21.69 (18.72) 20.14
Attrition Rate 1% (1.95) 1.78 (0.23) 0.17
(ix) Maturity Profile of Defined Benefit Obligation (Undiscounted): (` in lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity
2025-26 2024-25
Within next 12 months (next annual reporting period) 82.39 68.11
Between 1 to 5 years 297.77 220.91
Between 5 to 10 years 154.31 198.76
10 years and above 164.10 124.80
(x) Risk Exposure:
The Defined Benefit Plan is exposed to number of risks like asset volatility, inflation rate risk, life expectancy
assumptions. etc.
(xi) The Employee Benefits Expense for the financial year ended 31 st March, 2026 includes the incremental impact of
Gratuity liability amounting to ` 223.54 lakhs ( ` Nil) based on actuarial valuation and management estimates, in
pursuance to the four new Labour Codes which have been made effective from 21 st November, 2025, in accordance
with the guidance provided by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and other relevant clarifications by the
Ministry of Labour & Employment, Government of India. The Company will continue to monitor the developments and
may update the estimates as required in the period in which State(s) rules are notified and further clarifications/
update on the governing provisions of the new Labour Codes are available.
(b) Defined Contribution Plans:
Company’s contribution to defined contribution schemes such as Government administered Provident/Family Pension
and approved Superannuation Fund are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss as incurred. The Company has no
further obligations beyond its contributions.
The Company has recognised the following contributions to Provident/Family Pension and Superannuation Funds as an
expense and included in employee benefits expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
(` in lakhs)
Defined Contributions Schemes 2025-26 2024-25
Contribution to Provident and Family Pension Fund 180.13 163.96
Contribution to an Approved Superannuation Fund 18.16 23.90
39. SEGMENT INFORMATION:
(a) The Company has only one reportable primary business segment i.e. Cables, based on guiding principles given in Ind AS
108 “Operating Segments” notified pursuant to Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015. Accordingly, the
disclosure requirements of Ind AS 108 are not applicable.
=== PAGE 107 ===
102
BIRLA CABLE
(b) The following table shows the disaggregation of Company’s Revenue from Operations (predominantly telecom cables) by
geographical market, regardless of where the goods were produced:
(` in lakhs)
Sl. No. Geographical Segments 2025-26 2024-25
(i) Domestic Market (within India) 68820.80 58567.62
(ii) Overseas Markets (outside India) 8290.60 7597.61
Total 77111.40 66165.23
(c) Revenue from a customer of the Company is ` 34693.95 lakhs ( ` 26204.54 lakhs), which is more than 10% of the
Company’s total revenue.
40. (A) DISCLOSURES IN RESPECT OF RELATED PARTIES AS DEFINED IN INDIAN ACCOUNTING STANDARD (IND AS
24), WITH WHOM TRANSACTIONS WERE ENTERED INTO AND IN THE ORDINARY COURSE OF BUSINESS DURING
THE YEAR ARE GIVEN BELOW:
1 Entity where a Key Management Shakun Polymers Private Limited (SPPL)
Personnel (KMP) / relatives of KMP
have significant influence
2 Wholly Owned Subsidiary (WOS) Birla Cable Infrasolutions DMCC
3 Defined Benefit Plan Birla Cable Employees Group Gratuity-cum-Life Assurance Scheme
Trust (BGF)
4 Key Management Personnel (KMP) Shri Harsh V. Lodha Chairman & Non-Executive
Director
Shri Dhan Raj Bansal
Shri Bachh Raj Nahar
Smt. Kiran Aggarwal Non-Executive Directors
Shri Pandanda Kariappa Madappa
Shri Ravindra Pratap Singh
Shri R. Sridharan Manager & CEO
(upto 19.01.2026)
Shri Somesh Laddha Chief Financial Officer
Ms. Suman Company Secretary
(i) Transactions with Related Parties: (` in lakhs)
Sl. No. Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
1 Shakun Polymers Private Limited (SPPL)
Purchase of Raw Materials/Consumable & Traded Goods 65.57 25.19
2 Birla Cable Infrasolutions DMCC
Marketing Service Charges paid 14.54 47.67
3 Compensation to the KMP’s of the Company
(a) Manager & CEO
Short-term Employee Benefit 222.98 264.46
(b) Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
Short-term Employee Benefit 40.33 36.73
(c) Company Secretary
Short-term Employee Benefit 13.55 12.93
(d) Directors
Sitting Fees 24.25 25.95
Profit Related Commission 18.00 11.50
}
=== PAGE 108 ===
103
BIRLA CABLE
(` in lakhs)
Sl. No. Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
4 Loan to KMPs of the Company
Loan Repaid
Manager & CEO 2.68 1.80
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) - 0.53
5 BEOL Employee’s Group Gratuity cum Life Assurance Scheme
Trust (BGF)
Withdrawal from Gratuity Fund 142.01 29.44
(ii) Outstanding Balances with Related Parties: (` in lakhs)
Sl. No. Nature of Transaction As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
1 Birla Cable Infrasolutions DMCC
Non Current Investment in Equity Instrument 139.84 139.84
Payable - 8.53
2 Manager & CEO
Loan Recoverable - 2.68
3 Directors
Profit Related Commission Payable {Refer Note (b)} 18.00 11.50
Notes:
(a) The remuneration to Key Managerial Personnel(s) other than Non-Executive Directors stated above does not include
provision/payment towards incremental liability on account of gratuity and compensated absences since actuarial
valuation is done for the Company as a whole.
(b) Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors save and except Shri Harsh V. Lodha, Chairman includes provision of
` 18.00 lakhs ( ` 11.50 lakhs) towards remuneration/compensation by way of profit related commission (excluding
Goods and Services Tax, if any, thereon) for the year. Shri Harsh V. Lodha, Chairman, has decided not to take
remuneration/compensation by way of profit related commission pertaining to the financial year 2025-26.
(c) Transactions mentioned above are exclusive of Goods and Services Tax (GST), wherever applicable.
(d) No amount has been provided as doubtful debt or advance written off or written back in the year in respect of debts
due from/to above Related Parties.
(e) Transactions and balances relating to reimbursement of expenses to/from the above Related Parties have not been
considered in the above disclosure.
=== PAGE 109 ===
104
BIRLA CABLE
(B) DISCLOSURE AS REQUIRED UNDER SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS)
(AMENDMENT) REGULATIONS, 2018 IN RESPECT OF TRANSACTIONS WITH ENTITIES BELONGING TO THE
PROMOTERS/ PROMOTER GROUP HOLD(S) 10% OR MORE SHAREHOLDING IN THE COMPANY:
(` in lakhs)
Sl. Nature of Transactions Vindhya Telelinks Universal Cables Birla Corporation
No. Limited Limited Limited
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
1 Purchase of Raw Materials, Consumables & Traded Goods 667.61 706.03 273.17 34.29 - -
2 Sale of Finished Goods, Raw Materials, Consumables,
Traded Goods and Others 229.35 105.32 3.91 29.57 - -
3 Sale of Investment in Equity Shares - 30.69 - - - -
4 Other Service Charges Paid 12.61 26.71 - - - -
5 Other Service Charges Received 0.85 - - - - -
6 Dividend Paid - 101.50 - 68.28 - 94.30
7 Dividend Received 0.02 0.02 31.44 23.58 0.03 0.03
Note: Transactions mentioned above are exclusive of Goods and Services Tax (GST), wherever applicable.
41 DISCLOSURE AS REQUIRED UNDER THE MICRO, SMALL AND MEDIUM ENTERPRISES DEVELOPMENT ACT 2006,
READ WITH NOTIFICATION NUMBER GSR 679 (E) DATED 4 TH SEPTEMBER, 2015 TO THE EXTENT AVAILABLE/
ASCERTAINED (REFER NOTE NO. 22):
(` in lakhs)
Sl. No. Particulars As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(i) The principal amount and interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any
supplier at the end of each financial year
(a) Trade Creditors 920.18 453.17
(b) Capex Creditors 5.13 20.20
(ii) The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of Section 16 of the
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006, along with
the amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed
day. - -
(iii) The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making
payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the
year) but without adding the interest specified under the Micro, Small and
Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006. - -
(iv) The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid. - -
(v) The amount of further interest remaining due and payable in the
succeeding year, until such date when the interest dues as above are
actually paid to the small enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a
deductible expenditure under Section 23 of the Micro, Small and Medium
Enterprise Development Act, 2006. - -
42. LEASES:
(a) Lease Liabilities Reconciliation (` in lakhs)
Sl. No. Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
(i) O pening Lease Liabilities 155.49 12.78
(ii) Lease liability aroused during the year - 175.39
(iii) Interest on Lease Liabilities 14.63 10.10
(iv) Repayment/ Actual Rent (44.64) (42.78)
(v) Closing Lease Liabilities 125.48 155.49
=== PAGE 110 ===
105
BIRLA CABLE
(b) The Company has taken certain offices and residential premises/facilities under operating lease agreements for short
period. The aggregate lease rental of ` Nil (` 31.11 lakhs) on such leases has been charged to the Statement of Profit and
Loss.
43. DISCLOSURE ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY EXPENSES:
(a) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year 2025-26 in pursuance to the provision of Section 135
of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there under is ` 49.94 lakhs ( ` 62.74 lakhs).
(b) Details of amount actually spent by the Company is as follows:
(` in lakhs)
Sl. No. Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
(i) Contribution to an approved/ registered trust ‘Madhav Prasad
Priyamvada Birla Apex Charitable Trust’, in which a director and his
relatives are trustees, for undertaking approved CSR projects/
programmes/ activities.
• Promoting Education:
- Repair and Maintenance of M.P. Birla Foundation Industrial
Training Centre, Rewa (M.P.) to promote education and social
development in the region. It will help to provide students with
a safe, hygienic, and conducive atmosphere for Training and
learning.
27.64 -
- Incurring of part cost for construction of new classrooms etc.
for providing quality education at Priyamvada Birla Senior
Secondary School, Satna (M.P) centering to the
underprivileged society in Satna.
- 50.00
Total (i) 27.64 50.00
(ii) Direct Contribution for approved CSR projects/programmes/activities.
• Animal Welfare 1.20 1.20
• Health Care including Preventive Health Care and Sanitation. 0.72 0.72
• Promotion of Education - 0.82
• Ensuring Environmental Sustainability, Ecological Balance,
Protection of Flora & Fauna, Conservation of Natural Resources
and Maintaining Quality of Soil, Air and Water.
9.44 9.60
• Promotion of Art and Culture 1.50 -
• Rural Development Projetcs 9.45 -
Total (ii) 22.31 12.34
Grand Total (i+ii) 49.95 62.34
Note:
Excess CSR contribution of ` 0.40 lakh incurred during the financial year 2023-24 has been set-off against CSR liability/
obligation of the Company for the financial year 2024-25.
=== PAGE 111 ===
106
BIRLA CABLE
44. PARTICULARS OF LOANS GIVEN, GUARANTEE GIVEN OR SECURITY PROVIDED AND INVESTMENT MADE AS PER
SECTION 186(4) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013:
Investments made:
Detail of Investments made are given in Note No. 4. Further, no loans within the meaning of Section 186 of the Companies
Act, 2013 have been given by the Company requiring disclosure, save and except loans and/or advances made by the
Company to its employee in accordance with the conditions of service applicable to employees read together with remuneration
policy of the Company as disclosed in Note No. 5 & Note No.12.
45.
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES: (` in lakhs)
As at 31st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
Sl. Particulars Fair Value Note Carrying Fair Value/ Carrying Fair Value/
No. Hierarchy No. Value At Cost/ Value At Cost/
Amortised Amortised
Cost Cost
I Financial Assets
(a) At Fair Value through Other Comprehensive
Income (FVTOCI)
- Investment in Quoted Equity Instruments Level 1 A 5108.96 5108.96 3899.10 3899.10
- Investment in Unquoted Equity Instruments Level 3 B 10.60 10.60 9.86 9.86
(b) At Cost/Amortised Cost
- Investment in Wholly Owned Subsidiary 139.84 139.84 139.84 139.84
- Trade Receivables 20297.37 20297.37 16722.12 16722.12
- Loan 17.94 17.94 38.94 38.94
- Other Financial Asset C 1024.20 1024.20 732.66 732.66
- Cash and Cash Equivalents 32.14 32.14 82.92 82.92
- Other Bank Balances 298.14 298.14 1385.74 1385.74
(c) At Fair Value through Profit & Loss (FVTPL)
- Investment in Unquoted Equity Instruments Level 3 -- 173.94 173.94
Total Financial Assets 26929.19 26929.19 23185.12 23185.12
II Financial Liabilities
(a) At Amortised Cost
- Borrowings 13131.64 13131.64 10900.36 10900.36
- Trade Payable C 3072.18 3072.18 2957.99 2957.99
- Other Financial Liabilities 313.41 313.41 647.94 647.94
(b) At Fair Value through Profit & Loss (FVTPL)
MTM on Derivative Instruments
- Foreign Exchange Forward Contract Level-2 D 29.32 29.32 2.31 2.31
Total Financial Liabilities 16546.55 16546.55 14508.60 14508.60
The fair value of financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which instruments could be exchanged in a
current transaction between the willing parties. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value:
(A) The Company has opted to fair value its quoted equity instruments at its market quoted price through OCI.
(B) The Company has opted to fair value its unquoted equity instruments at its Net Asset Value(NAV)/Discounted Cash Flow
(DCF) through OCI.
(C) The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, other bank balances, trade receivables, loans, other financial assets, short
term borrowings, trade payables, and other financial liabilities approximates their carrying amounts largely due to the
short-term maturities of these instruments. The Company has adopted Effective Interest Rate Method (EIR) for fair valuation
of long term borrowings, non-current financial assets and non-current financial liabilities.
(D) The fair value of forward exchange contracts is based on certificate given by respective banks.
}
}
C
C
=== PAGE 112 ===
107
BIRLA CABLE
Fair Value Hierarchy
Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
Level 3 - Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
46. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES:
The Company’s activities are exposed to a variety of Financial Risks from its Operations. The key financial risks include
Market risk, Credit risk and Liquidity risk.
(a) Market Risk:
Market Risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in
market prices. Market Risk comprises mainly three types of Risk: Foreign Currency Risk, Interest Rate Risk, Other Price
Risk such as Commodity Price Risk and Equity Price Risk.
(i) Foreign Currency Risk:
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of
changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from foreign currency
transactions of imports, exports and borrowing primarily with respect to USD, EURO, GBP, AED and CNY. The
Company’s exports are denominated generally in USD and EURO, providing a natural hedge to some extent against
foreign currency payments on account of imports of raw materials and/or the payment of borrowings. The foreign
currency transaction risk are managed through selective hedging programmes by way of forward contracts including
for underlying transactions having firm commitments or highly probable forecast of crystallisation.
The Company uses forward exchange contracts to hedge its exposure in foreign currency. The details of foreign
currency exposures hedged by derivative instruments and those have not been hedged are as follows:
Particulars Currency As at 31 st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
In Foreign ````` in lakhs In Foreign ` in lakhs
Currency Currency
Hedged:
Forward exchange contracts & Others
outstanding
Financial Liabilities
Long-term Borrowings USD 1710843.50 1616.75 1179499.10 1015.55
EUR 258925.00 283.08 2394486.00 2243.87
Other Payables USD 152216.00 143.84 484140.00 416.84
CNY 388080.00 53.36 --
Firm Commitments USD -- 78971.75 67.99
Financial Assets
Receivables USD 831528.39 773.32 451683.54 385.06
EUR 2610514.24 2784.37 3367241.75 3072.61
Firm Commitments EUR -- 277459.47 253.18
Total Hedged Exposure USD 2694587.89 2533.91 2194294.39 1885.44
EUR 2869439.24 3067.45 6039187.22 5569.66
CNY 388080.00 53.36 --
=== PAGE 113 ===
108
BIRLA CABLE
Particulars Currency As at 31 st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
In Foreign ````` in lakhs In Foreign ` in lakhs
Currency Currency
Unhedged :
Financial Liabilities
Long-term Borrowings USD 20447.64 19.32 1767151.80 1521.52
EUR 1089557.40 1191.21 298310.17 279.55
Short-term Borrowings USD -- 92700.00 79.03
Other Payables USD 81319.09 76.85 116099.50 99.96
EUR 34068.49 37.25 43594.34 40.85
GBP 2086.80 2.63 1264.98 1.42
CNY -- 948148.93 115.39
AED -- 35640.00 8.53
Financial Assets
Receivables USD 114455.03 106.44 504638.40 430.20
EUR 511992.71 546.09 --
GBP 21358.00 26.27 14862.98 16.29
Bank Balance USD 15.93 0.01 14090.95 12.01
EUR 5.77 0.01 10.35 0.01
Net Unhedged Exposure USD (12704.23) (10.28) 1457221.95 1258.30
EUR 611627.41 682.36 341894.16 320.39
GBP (19271.20) (23.64) (13598.00) (14.87)
CNY -- 948148.93 115.39
AED -- 35640.00 8.53
Foreign Currency Sensitivity:
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in USD, EURO, GBP, CNY and
AED with all other variables held constant. The impact on Company’s profit before tax is due to changes in the fair
value of monetary assets and liabilities consequent to changes in the foreign exchange rate as under:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Change in USD (+)5% (+)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax 0.51 (62.92)
Change in USD (-)5% (-)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax (0.51) 62.92
(` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Change in EURO (+)5% (+)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax (34.12) (16.02)
Change in EURO (-)5% (-)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax 34.12 16.02
=== PAGE 114 ===
109
BIRLA CABLE
(` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Change in GBP (+)5% (+)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax 1.18 0.74
Change in GBP (-)5% (-)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax (1.18) (0.74)
(` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Change in CNY (+)5% (+)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax - (5.77)
Change in CNY (-)5% (-)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax - 5.77
(` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Change in AED (+)5% (+)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax - (0.43)
Change in AED (-)5% (-)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax - 0.43
(ii) Interest Rate Risk and Sensitivity:
Interest rate risk has underlying risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
because of changes in market interest rates. Any changes in the interest rates could have unforeseen impact on
Company’s cost of borrowings, thus impacting the profit and loss. The Company mitigates this risk by regularly
assessing the market scenario, finding appropriate financial instruments like interest rate negotiations and low cost
instruments.
Interest Rate Risk Exposure (` in lakhs)
Type of Exposure As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
Fixed Rate Borrowings - 1000.00
Variable Rate Borrowings (including Short-Term Borrowings) 13131.64 9900.36
Total 13131.64 10900.36
Sensitivity on Variable Rate Borrowings ( ` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Interest Rate increase by 0.25% (32.83) (24.75)
Interest Rate decrease by 0.25% 32.83 24.75
(iii) Commodity Price Risk:
The Company is affected by the price volatility of certain commodities. Its operating activities require the purchase of
raw material for manufacturing of Cables and therefore, require a continuous supply of certain raw materials such as
optical fibre, plastic and polymers, copper etc. To mitigate the commodity price risk, the company has an approved
supplier base to get the best competitive prices for the commodities and to manage the cost without any compromise
on quality.
(iv) Equity Price Risk:
The Company’s exposure to equity instruments price risk arises from investments held by the company and classified
in the Balance Sheet at Fair Value through OCI. Having regard to the nature of securities, intrinsic worth, intent and
long term nature of investment in securities held by the company, fluctuation in their prices are considered acceptable
and do not warrant any management estimation.
=== PAGE 115 ===
110
BIRLA CABLE
(b) Credit Risk:
(i) Trade Receivables
The Company has an established policy, procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management. The
Company assesses the credit quality of the counterparties taking into account their financial position, past experience
and other factors. Some of the customers are Government owned entities and private telecom sector operators.
Credit risk is reduced to a significant extent if the supplies are part of a project which is funded by the Central / State
Government. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored and assessed. At the end of the reporting
period, there were no significant concentrations of credit risk expected in outstanding receivable.
(ii) Deposits with Bank:
The fixed deposits with banks predominantly comprises of margin money against bank guarantees, letter(s) of credit,
etc. as per the terms of sanction of non fund based credit facilities.
(c) Liquidity Risk :
Liquidity risk is the risk, where the Company may encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its
financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Company’s approach is to ensure, as
far as possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due.
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Company’s financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted
payments:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars Carrying Payable on Upto 12 1 to 5
Value Demand Months Years
As at 31st March, 2026
Borrowings 13131.64 8180.83 1467.29 3494.22
Trade and Other Payables 3289.43 56.29 3233.14 -
Lease Liability 125.48 - 44.64 104.17
Total 16546.55 8237.12 4745.07 3598.39
As at 31st March, 2025
Borrowings 10900.36 2342.03 4770.98 3809.12
Trade and Other Payables 3452.75 69.96 3214.79 168.00
Lease Liability 155.49 - 44.64 148.81
Total 14508.60 2411.99 8030.41 4125.93
47. AGEING OF CAPITAL-WORK-IN PROGRESS (CWIP):
Capital-Work-in Progress (CWIP) (` in lakhs)
Particulars Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than Total
1 Year 3 Years
FY 2025-26 - - - - -
FY 2024-25 2.53 - - - 2.53
Note:
There is no item/project whose completion is overdue or has exceeded it’s original cost as compare to it’s original plan as at
31st March, 2026 and 31 st March, 2025.
=== PAGE 116 ===
111
BIRLA CABLE
48. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT:
The Company’s primary objective with respect to capital management is to ensure continuity of business and support the
growth of the Company while at the same time provide reasonable returns to its various stakeholders and maximise shareholders
value. In order to achieve these objectives, requirement of capital is reviewed periodically with reference to operating and
business plans that take into account capital expenditure and strategic investments. Sourcing of capital is done through
judicious combination of equity/ internal accruals and borrowings, both short term and long term. The capital structure is
governed by policies approved by the Board of Directors and the Company monitors capital by applying net debt (total borrowings
less investments and cash and cash equivalents) to equity ratio. The Company manages its capital structure and make
adjustments in the light of changes in economic conditions and the requirements of financial covenants attached to the
interest bearing loans and borrowings that define capital structure requirements. No changes were made in the objectives,
policies or processes for managing capital during the year ended 31
st March, 2026 or corresponding previous year.
(` in lakhs)
Particulars As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
Borrowings 13131.64 10900.36
Less: Cash and Cash Equivalents 32.14 82.92
Net Debt 13099.50 10817.44
Equity Share Capital 3000.00 3000.00
Other Equity 25186.95 22428.17
Total Capital 28186.95 25428.17
Capital and Net Debt 41286.45 36245.61
Gearing Ratio 0.32 0.30
49. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES/ REGULATORY INFORMATION AS REQUIRED BY NOTIFICATION NO. GSR 207(E) DATED
24.03.2021 (TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE):
(a) Compliance with number of layers of companies:
No layers of companies has been established beyond the limits prescribed under clause 87 of section 2 of the Companies
Act, 2013 read with Companies (Restriction on number of layers) Rules, 2017.
(b) Detail of Relationship with Struck Off Companies:
(i) Trade Receivable
Sl. Name of the Struck Off Company Balance Balance Relationship
No. outstanding as outstanding as with Struck Off
at 31.03.2026 at 31.03.2025 Company
1 Nakoda Metallics Private Limited Not a related
(Transaction occurred and settled during the year itself) - - party
(ii) Share Held by Struck Off Companies
Sl. Name of the Struck Off Company Balance Balance Relationship
No. outstanding as outstanding as with Struck Off
at 31.03.2026 at 31.03.2025 Company
(No. of Shares) (No. of Shares)
1 Ardra Holdings Private Limited 400 400
2 Badri Sarraf Finance and Mutual Benefit Company Limited 900 900
3 Fair Growth Investments Limited 120 120
4 Home Trade Limited 100 100
5 Manjiri Investments Private Limited - 100
Not a related
party
=== PAGE 117 ===
112
BIRLA CABLE
(c) Undisclosed income:
No transactions have been recorded in the books of account that has been surrendered/ disclosed as income during the
year in the tax assessments.
(d) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign
entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
(i) Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of
the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries); or
(ii) Provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(e) The Company has not received any fund from any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party)
with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
(i) Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other person(s) or entiy(ies) identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf
of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries); or
(ii) Provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(f) Ratio Analysis:
SI. Ratio Numerator Denominator As at As at Variance
No. 31st March, 31st March, %
2026 2025
(i) Current Ratio Current Asset Current Liability 2.19 2.17 0.75%
(ii) Debt-Equity Ratio Total Debt Total Equity 0.55 0.49 11.84%
(iii) Debt Service Coverage Ratio Earning Available Debt Service 0.39 0.40 -2.65%
(DSCR) for Debt Service
(iv) Return on Equity (ROE) Net Profit after Tax holder’s Equity 7.28% 2.25% 223.16%
Average Share
(v) Inventory Turnover Ratio (ITR) Sales Average Inventory 11.86 10.43 13.73%
(vi) Trade Receivable Turnover Ratio Net Sales Average Trade 3.97 3.30 20.37%
Receivables
(vii) Trade Payable Turnover Ratio Purchases Average Trade 20.62 17.22 19.76%
Payables
(viii) Net Capital Turnover Ratio Net Sales Working Capital 4.49 4.78 -6.10%
(ix) Net Profit Ratio Net Profit Net Sales 2.30% 0.80% 186.43%
(x) Return on Capital Employed Earning before Capital Employed 8.42% 5.52% 52.58%
Interest and Tax
(xi) Return on Investment in Shares Income from Investment Value of Investment 31.84% 9.40% 238.51%
Notes: Explanation for changes in Ratio by more than 25%
(i) Return on Equity, Net Profit Ratio and Return on Capital Employed is improved due to higher Turnover during the
year resulting into increase in Profit of the Company.
(ii) Return on Investment in Shares is increased due to increase in the market value of investments as compared to
previous year.
50. The Board of Directors of the Company (“Transferor Company” or “Company”) vide its resolutions dated 21 st March, 2026,
approved the Scheme of Amalgamation between the Company and Vindhya Telelinks Limited (“Transferee Company”) and
their respective shareholders and creditors (Scheme) pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules framed thereunder for the amalgamation of the Company into the Transferee Company
w.e.f. the appointed date of 1
st April, 2026.
Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferor Company shall stand dissolved and the Transferee Company will issue
and allot to the equity shareholders of the Transferor Company (other than Transferee Company), 10 equity shares of the face
value of ` 10/- each fully paid of the Transferee Company for every 115 equity shares of the face value of ` 10/- each fully paid
held by them in the Transferor Company. Equity Shares held by the Transferee Company in the Transferor Company and vice
– versa shall stand cancelled and extinguished.
=== PAGE 118 ===
113
BIRLA CABLE
The Company has filed necessary applications for seeking no-objection/observation letters from BSE Limited (BSE) and
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) for the Scheme. The proposed Scheme is also subject to necessary statutory
and regulatory approvals under applicable laws, including the approval of the jurisdictional Hon’ble National Company Law
Tribunal (“NCLT”).
51. Previous year figures have been regrouped/ rearranged, wherever considered necessary to conform to current year’s
classification. The figures in brackets are those in respect of the previous accounting year.
Signatures to Notes 1 to 51
As per our attached report of even date. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants Harsh V. Lodha B.R. Nahar
ICAI Firm Registration No. 109208W Chairman Director
(DIN : 00394094) (DIN : 00049895)
Vishal Agarwal
Partner Somesh Laddha Suman
Membership No. 556367 Manager & Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place: New Delhi Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026 Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 119 ===
114
BIRLA CABLE
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
1. We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Birla Cable Limited (“the Holding Company”), and its
subsidiary (the Holding Company and its subsidiary together referred to as “the Group”) which comprise the Consolidated
Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026, and the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive
income), the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year then
ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of the material accounting policies and other
explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”).
2. In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the consideratio n
of the reports of the other auditor on separate financial statements and on the other financial information of the subsidiary, the
aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) in the manner so
required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the
Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting
principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Group as at March 31, 2026, their consolidated profit an d
total comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity and its consolidated cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
3. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (“SAs”) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our
responsibilities under those SAs are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of
the consolidated financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we
have obtained together with the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of their reports referred to in Other
Matters section below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
4. Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated
financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these
matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report:
Key Audit Matter Auditor’s Response
Recoverability of trade receivables in view of the risk
of credit losses
Trade receivables is a significant item in the Holding
Company’s financial statements as at March 31, 2026 and
assumptions used for estimating the credit loss on
receivables is an area which is determined by management’s
judgment.
The Holding Company makes an assessment of the
estimated credit losses on trade receivables based on credit
risk, past history, latest discussion/correspondence with the
customer.
Given the significance of these receivables in the financial
statements as at March 31, 2026, we determined this to be
a key audit matter.
Refer Note No. 9 of the consolidated financial statements.
Other Information
5. The Holding Companys Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual report but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors report
thereon.
Independent Auditor’s Report
TO THE MEMBERS OF BIRLA CABLE LIMITED
Our audit procedure included, among others:
• Assessed the Holding Companys processes and controls
relating to the monitoring of trade receivables and
considered ageing to identify collection risks.
• Inquired with senior management regarding status of
collection of the receivable.
• Discussion of material outstanding balances with the audit
committee.
• Assessed the information/assumptions used by the
Management to determine the expected credit losses by
considering credit risk of the customer, cash collection,
and the level of credit loss over time.
Based on our work as stated above, no significant deviations
were observed in respect of managements assessment of
valuation of trade receivables.
=== PAGE 120 ===
115
BIRLA CABLE
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,  in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed and the reports of the other auditors as furnished to us (refer paragraph 14 below),
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.
Managements and Board of Directors Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements
6. The Holding Companys Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act
with respect to the preparation of these consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view of the consolidated
state of affairs, consolidated profit and other comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash
flows of the Group in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Ind AS. The respective
Management and Board of Directors of the Companies included in the Group are responsible for maintenance of adequate
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the each Company and for
preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal
financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant
to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation of Consolidated
Financial Statements by the Management and Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.
7. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Management and Board of Directors of the companies
included in the Group are responsible for assessing the Companys ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the respective Board of
Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
8. The respective Board of Directors of the Companies included in the Group are responsible for overseeing the financial reporting
process of each Company.
Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
9. Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements.
10. As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout
the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether
the Holding Company, has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such
controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements made by the Management and Board of Directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis of accounting
and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
cast significant doubt on the Groups ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
obtained up to the date of our auditors report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to
continue as a going concern.
=== PAGE 121 ===
116
BIRLA CABLE
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
achieves fair presentation.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
the Group of which we are the independent auditors, to express an opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements. We
are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the financial statements of such entities
included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of which we are the independent auditors. For the other entities
included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been audited by other auditors, such other auditors
remain responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain solely
responsible for our audit opinion.
11. We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company and such other entities included in the
Consolidated Financial Statements of which we are the independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that w e
identify during our audit.
12. We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
13. From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditors report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matters
14. We did not audit the financial statement of an subsidiary whose financial statements (before consolidation adjustments) refl ect
total assets of 
` 45.20 lakhs as at March 31, 2026, total revenues of ` 14.93 lakhs, total net profit after tax (including other
comprehensive income) of ` 7.63 lakh, and net cash inflows amounting to ` 19.63 lakhs for zthe year ended on that date, as
considered in the consolidated financial statements, which have been audited by other auditor whose report have been
furnished to us by the management.
This subsidiary which is located outside India whose financial statements and other financial information have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in that country (“local GAAP”) and which have been audited by
other auditor under generally accepted auditing standards applicable in that country. The Holding Companys management
has converted the financial statements of this subsidiary from local GAAP to accounting principles generally accepted in India.
We have audited these conversion adjustments made by the Holding Companys management. Our opinion on the consolidated
financial statements, in so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of this subsidiary, and our report
in terms of sub-section (3) of section 143 of the Act, in so far as it relates to the aforesaid subsidiary, is based solely on the
report of the other auditor and certified converted financial statement by management.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, and our report on other legal and regulatory requirements below, is not
modified in respect of the above matter with respect to our reliance on the work done and the report of the other auditor.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
15. According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination, there are no companies included in
the consolidated financial statements of the Holding Company which are companies incorporated in India except the Holding
Company. The Companies (Auditor s Report) Order, 2020 of the Holding Company did not include any unfavorable answers
or qualifications or adverse remarks.
16. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and based on the consideration as noted in the ‘Other Matters’
paragraph, above we report, to the extent applicable, that:
(a) We/the other auditor whose report we have relied upon have sought and obtained all the information and explanations
which to the best of our knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid Consolidated
Financial Statements;
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid Consolidated Financial
Statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books and the reports of the other auditors;
(c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated statement of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive income),
the Consolidated statement of changes in equity and the Consolidated statement of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report
are in agreement with the books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the Consolidated Financial
Statements;
=== PAGE 122 ===
117
BIRLA CABLE
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements comply with the Ind AS specified under section 133 of the
Act.
(e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on March 31, 2026
taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31,
2026 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
(f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the Holding
Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in “Annexure A”;
(g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors Report in accordance with the requirements of section
197(16) of the Act, as amended:
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the managerial remuneration
paid by the Holding Company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of the Act.
(h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (as amended), in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the
explanations given to us and based on the consideration as noted in the ‘Other Matters’ paragraph:
(i) The Consolidated Financial Statements disclose the impact of pending litigations as at March 31, 2026 on the
consolidated financial position of the Group Refer to Note No. 36 to the Consolidated Financial Statements;
(ii) The Group did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any material
foreseeable losses;
(iii) There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the
Holding Company.
(iv) (a) The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material
either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or
share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Holding Company to or in any other person or entity,
including foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that
the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(b) The Management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material
either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Holding Company from any person or entity,
including foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise,
that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee,
security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(c) Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances,
nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and
(ii) of Rule 11(e) of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain
any material misstatement
(v) The Board of Directors of the Holding Company have proposed a final dividend for the year which is subject to the
approval of the members at the ensuing annual general meeting. The amount of dividend proposed is in accordance
with section 123 of the Act.
(vi) Based on our examination, which included test checks, the Holding Company has used accounting software for
maintaining its books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 which has a feature of recording audit
trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the
software. Further, during the course of our audit we did not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being
tampered with and the audit trail has been preserved by the Holding Company as per the statutory requirements for
record retention.
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
ICAI FRN: 109208W
Vishal Agarwal
Partner
Place : New Delhi M. No. : 556367
Date : May 22, 2026 UDIN: 26556367SRZJPW5507
=== PAGE 123 ===
118
BIRLA CABLE
Annexure A to the Independent Auditors report on the consolidated financial statements of Birla Cable Limited for the
year ended March 31, 2026.
Report on the internal financial controls with reference to the aforesaid consolidated financial statements under Clause
(i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013
Opinion
1. In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended March 31,
2026, we have audited the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of Birla Cable Limited (hereinafte r
referred to as “the Holding Company”) as of that date. There are no subsidiaries incorporated in India.
Managements Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
2. The Board of Directors of the Holding Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls
based on internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of
internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (“the Guidance
Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”). These responsibilities include the design, implementation
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient
conduct of its business, including adherence to the respective companys policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention
and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of
reliable financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditors Responsibility
3. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Companys internal financial controls with reference to financial statement s
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note issued by the ICAI and the Standards on
Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial
controls, both applicable to an audit of internal financial controls and both issued by the ICAI. Those Standards and the
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements was established and maintained and
if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
4. Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls syste m
with reference to financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with referen ce
to financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditors judgement, including the
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
5. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on
the Holding Companys internal financial controls system with reference to consolidated financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial controls with Reference to Consolidated Financial Statements
6. A companys internal financial control with reference to financial statements is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A companys internal financial control with reference to financial
statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial controls with Reference to Consolidated  Financial Statements
7. Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, including the poss ibility
of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be
detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements to futu re
periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control with reference to financial statements may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
=== PAGE 124 ===
119
BIRLA CABLE
Opinion
8. In our opinion, the Holding Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system with refere nce
to financial statements and such internal financial controls with reference to financial statements were operating effectively as
at March 31, 2026, based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the
essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note issued by the ICAI.
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
ICAI FRN: 109208W
Vishal Agarwal
Partner
Place : New Delhi M. No. : 556367
Date : May 22, 2026 UDIN: 26556367SRZJPW5507
=== PAGE 125 ===
120
BIRLA CABLE
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2026
Particulars Note As at As at
No. 31 st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
ASSETS
(1) NON-CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 2  10989.12  12821.42
(b) Capital Work-in-Progress -  2.53
(c) Intangible Assets 3  9.97  12.58
(d) Financial Assets
(i) Investments 4  5119.56  4082.90
(ii) Loans 5  7.88  17.84
(iii) Other Financial Assets 6  161.75  177.83
(e) Non-Current Tax Assets (Net) 3.28  160.52
(f) Other Non-Current Assets 7  -  2.06------------------------------ ------------------------------Total Non-Current Assets 16291.56  17277.68------------------------------ ------------------------------
(2) CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Inventories 8  7896.82  5119.45
(b) Financial Assets
(i) Trade Receivables 9  20297.37  16722.12
(ii) Cash and Cash Equivalents 10  64.53  95.68
(iii) Bank Balances Other than (ii) above 11  298.14  1385.74
(iv) Loans 12  10.06  21.10
(v) Other Financial Assets 13  862.91  555.24
(c) Other Current Assets 14  723.61  428.65------------------------------ ------------------------------Total Current Assets 30153.44  24327.98------------------------------ ------------------------------Total Assets 46445.00  41605.66------------------------------ ------------------------------
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity Share Capital 15  3000.00  3000.00
(b) Other Equity 16  25090.31  22324.94------------------------------ ------------------------------Total Equity 28090.31  25324.94------------------------------ ------------------------------
LIABILITIES
(1) NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 17  3483.52  3787.35
(ii) Lease Liabilities  92.22  125.47
(iii) Other Financial Liabilities 18  -  168.00
(b) Provisions 19  28.36  18.63
(c) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net) 20  991.66  998.53------------------------------ ------------------------------Total Non-Current Liabilities 4595.76  5097.98------------------------------ ------------------------------
(2) CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 21  9648.12  7113.01
(ii) Lease Liabilities 33.26  30.02
(iii) Trade Payables 22
(A) Total Outstanding Dues of Micro Enterprises and 920.18  453.17
Small Enterprises; and
(B) Total Outstanding Dues of Creditors Other than 2152.98  2497.46
Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises
(iv) Other Financial Liabilities 23  217.25  326.76
(b) Other Current Liabilities 24  522.17  625.09
(c) Provisions 25  138.92  52.52
(d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net)  126.05  84.71------------------------------ ------------------------------Total Current Liabilities 13758.93  11182.74------------------------------ ------------------------------Total Equity and Liabilities 46445.00  41605.66------------------------------ ------------------------------
The accompanying Notes No. 1 to 48 form an integral part of the Financial Statements.
As per our attached report of even date. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants Harsh V. Lodha B.R. Nahar
ICAI Firm Registration No. 109208W Chairman Director
(DIN : 00394094) (DIN : 00049895)
Vishal Agarwal
Partner Somesh Laddha Suman
Membership No. 556367 Manager & Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place : New Delhi Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026 Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 126 ===
121
BIRLA CABLE
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
Particulars Note For the year ended For the year ended
No. 31 st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
A INCOME
Revenue from Operations 26  77111.40  66165.23
Other Income 27  378.68  347.18
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------Total Income 77490.08  66512.41---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
B EXPENSES
(i) Cost of Raw Materials Consumed 63435.58  53025.88
(ii) Purchase of Stock-in-Trade 2.81  0.79
(iii) Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, 28  (821.40)  304.58
Work-in-Progress and Stock-in-Trade, etc.
(iv) Employee Benefits Expense 29  3701.20  3408.11
(v) Finance Cost 30  1233.57  1371.81
(vi) Depreciation and Amortisation Expense 31  1578.55  1575.77
(vii) Impairment Loss on Financial Assets (Net) 172.38  49.82
(viii)Other Expenses 32  5924.35  6107.36
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------Total Expenses 75227.04  65844.12---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
C PROFIT BEFORE TAX 2263.04  668.29
D TAX EXPENSE 33
(i) Current Tax 752.54  236.04
(ii) Excess Tax Provision of earlier year Charge/(Written Back) 1.37  (4.36)
(iii) Deferred Tax Charge/(Credit) (181.16)  (52.53)
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------Total Tax Expense 572.75  179.15---------------------------------- ----------------------------------E PROFIT FOR THE YEAR 1690.29  489.14---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
F OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(i) Items that will not be re-classified to Profit or Loss
(a) Equity Instruments through OCI 1210.60  345.04
(b) Re-measurement of Defined Benefit Plan 46.32  55.46
Taxes relating to the above items
(a) Equity Instruments through OCI (173.25)  (127.58)
(b) Re-measurement of Defined Benefit Plan (11.66)  (13.96)
(ii) Items that will be re-classified to Profit or Loss
Foreign Currency Translation Reserve 4.12  2.09
Taxes relating to the above item  (1.04)  (0.53)
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------Total Other Comprehensive Income  1075.09  260.52---------------------------------- ----------------------------------G TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR 2765.38  749.66
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
(Comprising Profit and Other Comprehensive Income for the year)
Earnings per Equity Share (EPS) in Rupees 34
Basic and Diluted EPS (Face Value of ` 10/- each)  5.63  1.63
The accompanying Notes No. 1 to 48 form an integral part of the Financial Statements.
As per our attached report of even date. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants Harsh V. Lodha B.R. Nahar
ICAI Firm Registration No. 109208W Chairman Director
(DIN : 00394094) (DIN : 00049895)
Vishal Agarwal
Partner Somesh Laddha Suman
Membership No. 556367 Manager & Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place: New Delhi Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026 Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 127 ===
122
BIRLA CABLE
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
Particulars For the year ended For the year ended
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
A. CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net Profit Before Tax 2263.04 668.29
Adjustments for :
Depreciation and Amortisation Expenses  1578.55 1575.77
(Profit)/Loss on Disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment (Net)  (13.47) (4.02)
(Gain)/Loss on Unrealised Foreign Exchange Rate Fluctuations  (83.27) 16.00
Impairment Loss on Financial Assets (Net)  172.38 49.82
Adjustment for Foreign Currency Translation Reserve (FCTR)  4.12  2.09
Interest Income  (81.88)  (100.10)
Dividend Income  (31.48)  (23.62)
Interest Expense  905.34 1182.18
2450.29 2698.12
--------------------------- ---------------------------
Operating Profit before Change in Assets and Liabilities 4713.33 3366.41
Change in Assets and Liabilities :
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payable,
Provisions and Other Liabilities (11.50) 868.63
Decrease/(Increase) in Trade Receivables  (3262.56)  4683.22
Decrease/(Increase) in Inventories  (2777.37)  2499.74
Decrease/(Increase) in Loans and Advances  (165.80)  (55.88)
(6217.23) 7995.71
--------------------------- ---------------------------
Cash Flow generated from/(used in) Operations  (1503.90)  11362.12
Direct Taxes Paid (Net of Refunds)  (566.99)  (135.86)
--------------------------- ---------------------------Net Cash Flow from/(used in) Operating Activities (A)  (2070.89) 11226.26--------------------------- ---------------------------
B. CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment (Including Capital
Advances, Capital Work in Progress and Payables against
Capital Expenditure) (270.92) (2754.95)
Purchase of Intangible Assets (Including Intangible Asset
under Development) -  (4.90)
Proceeds from sale of Property, Plant and Equipment  44.60  12.60
(Investment )/Maturity of Bank Deposits  1018.38 (966.73)
(Investment in)/Sale Proceed from Shares (Net)  173.93  (143.24)
Proceeds from Government Grants
Interest Received  153.96  28.92
Dividend Received  31.48  23.62
--------------------------- ---------------------------Net Cash Flow from/(used in) Investing Activities (B) 1151.43  (3804.68)--------------------------- ---------------------------
C. CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from Long Term Borrowings  60.09  1821.33
(Repayment) from Long Term Borrowings  (4031.50)  (1945.94)
Proceeds/(Repayment) from Short Term Borrowings (Net)  5838.80  (5502.80)
Repayment of Lease Liability - Principal  (30.01)  (32.68)
Repayment of Lease Liability - Interest  (14.63)  (10.10)
Interest Paid (934.44) (1173.30)
Dividend Paid  -  (525.00)
--------------------------- ---------------------------Net Cash Flow from/(used in) Financing Activities (C) 888.31  (7368.49)--------------------------- ---------------------------
Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents (31.15)  53.09
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year  95.68  42.59
--------------------------- ---------------------------Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the year  64.53  95.68--------------------------- ---------------------------
Components of Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash on Hand  3.74  3.00
Cheques/Drafts on Hand 26.84  61.69
Balance with Banks 33.95  30.99
--------------------------- ---------------------------64.53 95.68--------------------------- ---------------------------
=== PAGE 128 ===
123
BIRLA CABLE
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026 (Contd.)
Notes:
(a) The Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the ‘Indirect method’ as set out in Ind AS 7 on ‘Statement of Cash
Flows’.
(b) Negative figures have been shown in brackets.
(c) Movement in Borrowings for the financial year 2025-26:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at Proceeds Repayment Unrealised foreign As at
31
st March, exchange (gain)/ 31 st March,
2025 loss & others 2026
Long Term Borrowings (Including
current portion) 8558.33  60.10  4031.50  363.88  4950.81
Short Term Borrowings  2342.03  5838.80  -  -  8180.83
Interest Accrued on Borrowings  85.47  30.67  85.47  -  30.67
Movement in Borrowings  10985.83  5929.57  4116.97  363.88  13162.31
(d) Movement in Borrowings for the financial year 2024-25:
(` in Lakhs)
Particulars As at Proceeds Repayment Unrealised foreign As at
31st March, exchange (gain)/ 31 st March,
2024 loss & others 2025
Long Term Borrowings (Including
current portion) 8608.70  1821.33  1945.94  74.24  8558.33
Short Term Borrowings  7844.09  -  5502.80  0.74  2342.03
Interest Accrued on Borrowings  77.23  85.47  77.23  -  85.47
Movement in Borrowings  16530.02  1906.80  7525.97  74.98  10985.83
As per our attached report of even date. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants Harsh V. Lodha B.R. Nahar
ICAI Firm Registration No. 109208W Chairman Director
(DIN : 00394094) (DIN : 00049895)
Vishal Agarwal
Partner Somesh Laddha Suman
Membership No. 556367 Manager & Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place: New Delhi Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026 Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 129 ===
124
BIRLA CABLE
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
(a) Equity Share Capital (` in lakhs)
Particulars Amount
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  3000.00
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  3000.00
Balance as at 31 st March, 2026  3000.00
(b) Other Equity (` in lakhs)
Particulars Reserves and Surplus Items of Other Total
Comprehensive Income
Securities General Retained Fair Value Translation
Premium Reserve Earnings of Equity Reserve on
Instruments Consolidation
Balance as at 1st April, 2024  2000.00  1900.45  15356.69  2844.77  (1.63)  22100.28
Profit for the year 2024-25  -  -  489.14  -  -  489.14
Other Comprehensive Income
for the year 2024-25 -  -  41.50  217.46  1.56  260.52
Transferred to Retained Earning  -  -  (68.31)  68.31  -  -
Dividend on Equity Share  -  -  (525.00)  -  -  (525.00)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  2000.00  1900.45  15294.02  3130.54  (0.07)  22324.94
Profit for the year 2025-26  -  -  1690.29  -  -  1690.29
Other Comprehensive Income
for the year 2025-26 -  -  34.66  1037.35  3.08  1075.09
Balance as at 31 st March, 2026  2000.00  1900.45  17018.97  4167.89  3.01  25090.31
Nature and Purpose of Reserves and Surplus
(a) Securities Premium
Securities Premium represents the amount received by the Company over and above nominal value upon issue of equity
shares with premium. The Securities Premium can be utilised in accordance with the provisions of Section 52 and other
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
(b) General Reserve
The General Reserve represents free reserve being an appropriation of profit/retained earnings and kept aside to meet
the future requirements as and when they arise. Mandatory transfer to general reserve is not required under the Companies
Act, 2013. As the general reserve is created by transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an item of
other comprehensive income, items included in the general reserve are not reclassified subsequent to the Statement of
Profit and Loss.
(c) Retained Earnings
Retained Earnings represents the amount of accumulated profits of the Company.
(d) Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
OCI represents the variation in the amount of equity instruments valued at fair value through other comprehensive income.
The exchange differences arising from the translation of financial statements of foreign operations with functional currency
other than Indian rupees is recognised through Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) and is presented within equity in the
foreign currency translation reserve.
As per our attached report of even date. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants Harsh V. Lodha B.R. Nahar
ICAI Firm Registration No. 109208W Chairman Director
(DIN : 00394094) (DIN : 00049895)
Vishal Agarwal
Partner Somesh Laddha Suman
Membership No. 556367 Manager & Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place : New Delhi Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026 Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 130 ===
125
BIRLA CABLE
1. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 ST MARCH, 2026
1.1 Company Overview
Birla Cable Limited (B Cab) (“the Company”) is a public limited listed company incorporated under the Companies Act,
1956 (now replaced by the Companies Act, 2013). The Company is engaged in manufacturing and sale of Cables
(comprising of telecommunications cables, other types of wires & cables, etc.). The registered office of the Company is
located at Udyog Vihar, P.O. Chorhata, Rewa- 486006 (M.P.), India and its CIN No. is L31300MP1992PLC007190.
The Consolidated Financial Statements were approved by the Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on
22
nd May, 2026. The Consolidated Financial Statements as at 31 st March, 2026 represent the financial position of the
Company (“Holding Company”) and its Subsidiary (collectively referred as ‘Group’). Details of the Subsidiary which is
consolidated as follows:
Wholly Owned Subsidiary (WOS) Country of Ownership
Incorporation Interest
Birla Cable Infrasolutions DMCC UAE 100.00%
1.2 Basis of Preparation and Presentation
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with and to comply in all material aspects with
Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as notified under the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act),
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and other relevant provisions of the Act, as applicable.
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on accrual and going concern basis under historical cost
convention, except for the items that have been measured at fair value as required by relevant Ind AS.
The Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in Indian Rupees, which is also its functional currency. All amounts
in the financial statements and accompanying notes are presented in lakhs (Indian Rupees) and have been rounded-off
to two decimal places in accordance with the provisions of Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013, unless stated
otherwise.
1.3 Basis of Consolidation
The Financial Statements of the Holding Company and its subsidiary have been consolidated on a line by line basis by
adding together the book value of like items of assets, liabilities, income and expenses, after eliminating intra-group
balances, intra-group transactions and unrealised profits or losses, if any, in accordance with Ind AS 110 – “Consolidated
Financial Statements”.
1.4 Summary of Material Accounting Policies
The Accounting Policies of the Holding Company and its Subsidiary are largely similar and significant Accounting Policies
of the Consolidated Financial Statements are as given in the Standalone Financial Statements.
=== PAGE 131 ===
126
BIRLA CABLE
2. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
(` in lakhs)
Particulars Right-of- Buildings Right-of- Plant and Office Furniture Vehicles Total
Use Assets Use Assets Equipment Equipment and
(Land) (Building) Refer Note Fixtures
No. (ii)
Gross Block (Cost/ Deemed Cost)
Balance as at 31 st March, 2024  32.35  1860.35  162.83  17309.26  72.50  45.47  91.83  19574.59
Additions during the year 2024-25  -  24.80  179.26  2769.10  5.56  3.05  28.84  3010.61
Deduction/Adjustment during the year 2024-25  -  -  162.83  382.80  0.11  0.45  21.68  567.87
Balance as at 31 st March, 2025  32.35  1885.15  179.26  19695.56  77.95  48.07  98.99  22017.33
Additions during the year 2025-26  -  -  -  167.37  4.92  17.41  1.35  191.05
Deduction/Adjustment during the year 2025-26  -  -  -  491.20  3.65  -  28.53  523.38
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  32.35  1885.15  179.26  19371.73  79.22  65.48  71.81  21685.00
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at 31 st March, 2024  3.50  265.65  151.99  7269.77  52.40  29.46  63.17  7835.94
Depreciation for the year 2024-25  0.72  57.19  34.76  1461.01  8.44  3.84  9.44  1575.40
Deletion/Adjustments during the year 2024-25  -  -  162.83  31.68  0.04  0.41  20.47  215.43
Balance as at 31 st March, 2025  4.22  322.84  23.92  8699.10  60.80  32.89  52.14  9195.91
Depreciation for the year 2025-26  0.72  52.59  35.85  1464.74  7.85  3.38  10.81  1575.94
Deletion/Adjustments during the year 2025-26  -  -  -  48.43  3.39  -  24.15  75.97
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  4.94  375.43  59.77  10115.41  65.26  36.27  38.80  10695.88
Net Block
Balance as at 31 st March, 2025  28.13  1562.31  155.34  10996.46  17.15  15.18  46.85  12821.42
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  27.41  1509.72  119.49  9256.32  13.96  29.21  33.01  10989.12
Notes:
(i) Refer Note No. 17(i) and 21(ii) for details of mortgage/ hypothecations of Property, Plant and Equipment towards security.
(ii) Adjustments during the year includes ` 416.28 lakhs (` 347.00 lakhs) received as subsidy under Industrial Investment Promotion
Incentive Schemes linked to Fixed Capital Investment in Property, Plant and Equipment, etc.
(iii) The lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee.
(iv) No proceedings have been initiated or pending against the Holding Company for holding any benami property under the
Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988.
=== PAGE 132 ===
127
BIRLA CABLE
3. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (` in lakhs)
Particulars Computer Software
Gross Block
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  31.15
Additions during the year 2024-25  12.25
Deduction/Adjustment during the year 2024-25  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  43.40
Additions during the year 2025-26  -
Deduction/Adjustment during the year 2025-26  -
Balance as at 31 st March, 2026  43.40
Accumulated Amortisation
Balance as at 31st March, 2024  30.45
Amortisation for the year 2024-25  0.37
Deletion/Adjustments during the year 2024-25  -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  30.82
Amortisation for the year 2025-26  2.61
Deletion/Adjustments during the year 2025-26  -
Balance as at 31 st March, 2026  33.43
Net Block
Balance as at 31st March, 2025  12.58
Balance as at 31 st March, 2026  9.97
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
4. INVESTMENTS (NON CURRENT)
Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income
Investments in Equity Instruments
A. Quoted - Fully paid up Equity Shares of ````` 10/- each
7,85,967 (7,85,967) Universal Cables Limited  5105.64  3894.86
280 (280) Birla Corporation Limited  2.34  2.96
100 (100) Vindhya Telelinks Limited  0.98  1.28
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Aggregate amount of Quoted Investments 5108.96  3899.10
------------------------------ ------------------------------
B. Unquoted - Fully paid up Equity Shares of ````` 10/- each
9,800 (9,800) Universal Telelinks Private Limited  4.33  4.19
9,800 (9,800) Universal Electricals Private Limited  6.27  5.67
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Aggregate amount of Unquoted Investments  10.60  9.86
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Aggregate amount of Investments recognised at
Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income  5119.56  3908.96
=== PAGE 133 ===
128
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
4. INVESTMENTS (NON CURRENT) (Contd.)
C. Investment carried at Fair Value through Profit or Loss
Unquoted - Fully paid up Equity Shares of ````` 10/- each
- (17,39,400) Continuum MP Windfarm Development Pvt. Ltd.  -  173.94
------------------------------ ------------------------------
-  173.94
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Total (A+B+C) 5119.56 4082.90
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Market Value of Quoted Investments  5108.96  3899.10
------------------------------ ------------------------------
5. LOANS (NON CURRENT)
(Unsecured and Considered Good)
Loans to Related Parties  -  0.88
Loans to Employees  7.88  16.96
------------------------------ ------------------------------
7.88  17.84
------------------------------ ------------------------------
6. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (NON CURRENT)
Security Deposits  157.16  156.01
Bank Deposits with more than 12 months maturity (Term Deposit Receipts
are under lien with Banks towards Margin against Letter(s) of Credit, Bank
Guarantees and other Commitments) 4.59  21.82
------------------------------ ------------------------------
161.75  177.83
------------------------------ ------------------------------
7. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
(Unsecured and Considered Good)
Capital Advances  -  2.06
------------------------------ ------------------------------
-  2.06
------------------------------ ------------------------------
8. INVENTORIES
Raw Materials [Including in Transit ` 51.24 lakhs ( ` 330.05 lakhs)]  4294.42  2286.78
Work-in-Progress  2144.33  1490.49
Finished Goods[Including in Transit ` 61.36 lakhs ( ` 88.92 lakhs)]  971.94  823.35
Stores and Spares [Including in Transit ` Nil (` 10.21 lakhs)]  201.80  246.82
Packing Materials  187.58  194.23
Scrap Materials  96.75  77.78
------------------------------ ------------------------------
7896.82  5119.45
------------------------------ ------------------------------
(Refer Note No. 17 (i) & 21 (ii) for information on inventory pledged as security)
=== PAGE 134 ===
129
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
9. TRADE RECEIVABLES
Secured - Considered Good  154.04  167.01
Unsecured - Considered Good  20143.33  16555.11
Trade Receivables which have significant increase in credit risk  222.20  49.82
------------------------------ ------------------------------
20519.57  16771.94
Less: Allowance for Expected Credit Loss  222.20  49.82
------------------------------ ------------------------------
20297.37  16722.12
------------------------------ ------------------------------
(Refer Note No. 17 (i) & 21 (ii) for information on trade receivables pledged as security)
Notes:
(1) No trade receivables are due from directors or other officers of the Group either severally or jointly with any other person
nor any trade or other receivable are due from firms or private companies in which any director is a partner, a director or
a member.
(2) Trade Receivables include an aggregate amount of ` 2479.19 lakhs/ EUR 23.24 lakhs ( ` 2408.45 lakhs/ EUR 26.39
lakhs) (net of return, discount and customer claims) against certain invoices of previous years relating to export of Products
which has been considered as good and recoverable based on confirmation/reconciliation of the outstanding amount with
the concerned overseas customer. Accordingly, the Company does not expect material adjustment in the books of account
except for the delay in realisation of the export proceeds thereagainst.
Trade Receivable Ageing Schedule (` in lakhs)
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments
Not Due Less than 6 Months 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than Total
6 Months - 1 Year 3 Years
As at 31st March, 2026
Undisputed Trade Receivables -
Considered Good 17292.93  717.06  30.39  119.64  2137.35  -  20297.37
Undisputed Trade Receivables
which have Significant Increase
in Credit Risk -  -  -  -  222.20  -  222.20
Total  17292.93  717.06  30.39  119.64  2359.55  -  20519.57
As at 31st March, 2025
Undisputed Trade Receivables -
Considered Good 13483.92  877.67  1.90  2358.63  -  -  16722.12
Undisputed Trade Receivables
which have Significant Increase
in Credit Risk -  -  -  49.82  -  -  49.82
Total  13483.92  877.67  1.90  2408.45  -  -  16771.94
Movment in Allowance for Expected Credit Loss
(` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Balance at the beginning of the year  49.82  -
Addition during the year  172.38  49.82
Balance at the end of the year  222.20  49.82
=== PAGE 135 ===
130
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
10. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Balances with Banks - In Current Accounts  33.95  25.31
- In Cash Credit Accounts  -  5.68
Cheques on Hand 26.84  61.69
Cash on Hand 3.74  3.00
------------------------------ ------------------------------
64.53  95.68
------------------------------ ------------------------------
11. BANK BALANCES OTHER THAN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Unclaimed Dividend Accounts  56.29  69.96
Term Deposits (Term Deposit Receipts are under lien with Banks towards
Margin against Letter(s) of Credit, Bank Guarantees and other Commitments) 241.85  1315.78
------------------------------ ------------------------------
298.14  1385.74
------------------------------ ------------------------------
12. LOANS (CURRENT)
(Unsecured and Considered Good)
Loans to Related Parties  -  1.80
Loans to Employees  10.06  19.30
------------------------------ ------------------------------
10.06  21.10
------------------------------ ------------------------------
13. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
(Unsecured and Considered Good)
Industrial Investment Promotion Incentives Receivable  763.28  347.00
Security Deposit  0.46  17.70
Duty Scrip on Hand  69.53  28.12
Claim, Export Benefits Receivable etc.  29.64  162.42
------------------------------ ------------------------------
862.91  555.24
------------------------------ ------------------------------
14. OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
(Unsecured and Considered Good)
Prepaid Expenses  8.64  4.40
Balance with Government Authorities  142.22  111.60
Advance to Supplier, etc.  572.75  312.65
------------------------------ ------------------------------
723.61  428.65
------------------------------ ------------------------------
=== PAGE 136 ===
131
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
15. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
Authorised
4,25,00,000 (4,25,00,000) Equity Shares of ` 10/- each  4250.00  4250.00
75,00,000 (75,00,000) Preference Shares of ` 10/- each  750.00  750.00
------------------------------ ------------------------------
5000.00  5000.00
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid Up
3,00,00,000 (3,00,00,000) Equity Shares of ` 10/- each  3000.00  3000.00
------------------------------ ------------------------------
3000.00  3000.00
------------------------------ ------------------------------
(a) Reconciliation of the number of equity shares and amount outstanding at the beginning of the year and at the
end of the year :
Particulars As at 31 st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
No. of Shares ````` in lakhs No. of Shares ` in lakhs
Outstanding at the beginning of the year 30000000  3000.00 30000000  3000.00
Outstanding at the end of the year 30000000  3000.00 30000000  3000.00
(b) Term/Right attached to Equity Shares:
The Company has issued only one class of shares referred to as equity share having face value of ` 10/- per share and
ranking paripassu. The holders of equity shares are entitled to one vote per share.
(c) Details of Shareholders holding more than 5% shares based on legal ownership in the subscribed share capital
of the Company:
Sl. Name of the Shareholder As at 31 st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
No. No. of Shares % of Holding No. of Shares % of Holding
(i) Vindhya Telelinks Limited 5800100  19.33 5800100  19.33
(ii) Birla Corporation Limited 5388515  17.96 5388515  17.96
(iii) Universal Cables Limited 3900100  13.00 3900100  13.00
(iv) The Punjab Produce and Trading Co.
Pvt. Limited 2278169  7.59 2278169  7.59
(v) Hindustan Medical Institution 1713260  5.71 1713260  5.71
(d) Promoter’s Shareholding:
Sl. Name of Promoter As at 31 st March, 2026 % Change
No. No. of Shares % of During the year
Total Shares
(i) Vindhya Telelinks Limited 5800100  19.33 Nil
(ii) Universal Cables Limited 3900100  13.00 Nil
(iii) The Punjab Produce and Trading Co. Pvt. Limited 2278169  7.59 Nil
(iv) Hindustan Medical Institution 1713260  5.71 Nil
(v) East India Investment Company Private Limited 500600  1.67 Nil
(vi) Mohit Shantilal Shah/ Mahendra Kumar Sharma/ Amal
Chandra Chakraborty (Representatives to the Estate of
the Deceased Priyamvada Devi Birla in the capacity of
Administrators Pendente Lite) 124241  0.41 Nil
=== PAGE 137 ===
132
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
16. OTHER EQUITY
Securities Premium
Opening Balance  2000.00  2000.00
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Closing Balance  2000.00  2000.00
------------------------------ ------------------------------
General Reserve
Opening Balance  1900.45  1900.45
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Closing Balance  1900.45  1900.45
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Retained Earnings
Opening Balance  15294.02  15356.69
Profit for the year  1690.29  489.14
Item of Other Comprehensive Income recognised directly in Retained
Earnings [Re-measurement of Defined Employment Benefits Plan (Net of tax)]  34.66  41.50
Loss on Disposal of Equity Instrument transferred from OCI  -  (68.31)
Dividend on Equity Shares  -  (525.00)
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Closing Balance 17018.97  15294.02
------------------------------ ------------------------------
20919.42  19194.47
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
Equity Instrument through OCI
Opening Balance  3130.54  2844.77
Fair Valuation Gains/(Losses) on Equity Instruments  1037.35  217.46
Loss on Sale of Equity Instrument transferred to Retained Earning  -  68.31
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Closing Balance  4167.89  3130.54
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Foreign Currency Translation Reserve on Consolidation
Opening Balance  (0.07)  (1.63)
Add : Translation Difference  3.08  1.56
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Closing Balance  3.01  (0.07)
------------------------------ ------------------------------
25090.31  22324.94
------------------------------ ------------------------------
17. BORROWING (NON-CURRENT)
Secured
Loans from Banks
Term Loan  131.16  105.08
Buyer’s Credit (In Foreign Currency)  -  1162.84
Supplier’s Credit (In Foreign Currency)  3070.35  3797.26
Loan from Others
Term Loan from a Financial Institution (NBFC)  249.30  1993.15
Unsecured
Other Loans
Loans from Bodies Corporate  1500.00  1500.00
------------------------------ ------------------------------
4950.81  8558.33
------------------------------ ------------------------------
=== PAGE 138 ===
133
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
17. BORROWING (NON-CURRENT) (Contd.)
Less: Current Maturities of Long-term Borrowings at the year end
(Disclosed under Note No. 21)
Term Loan  37.47  23.42
Secured
Buyer’s Credit (In Foreign Currency)  -  1162.84
Supplier’s Credit (In Foreign Currency)  1180.52  1084.72
Loan from Others
Term Loan from a Financial Institution (NBFC)  249.30  1000.00
Unsecured
Loans from Bodies Corporate -  1500.00
------------------------------ ------------------------------
1467.29  4770.98
------------------------------ ------------------------------
3483.52  3787.35
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Notes:
Secured Borrowing
(i) Loans from Banks/NBFC are secured by way of hypothecation charge over movable Property, Plant and Equipment, both
present and future and charge created by way of mortgage by deposit of title deeds of certain immovable properties of the
Company, ranking first/second pari-passu interse amongst the consortium lender banks and term loan lender(s) (including
Supplier’s Credit). Loans from Banks/NBFC are further secured by first/or second pari-passu charge (specific to a term
loan) by way of hypothecation of entire Current Assets, both present and future, of the Company viz. inventories, bills
receivables, book debts, claims, etc. Rupee Term Loans from Bank/NBFC are repayable in equated quarterly instalments,
commencing from March, 2024 and ending on September, 2029 and carry rate of interest varying from 8.75% p.a. to
10.45% p.a. on the reporting date. Supplier’s Credit(s) in Foreign Currency availed from Banks are due for repayment
between June, 2026 to December, 2027 and carry rate of interest varying from 2.95% p.a. to 4.58% p.a. on the reporting
date. The Supplier’s Credit in Foreign Currency (excluding availed from a term lender) are also backed by corporate
guarantee of Vindhya Telelinks Limited, a body corporate.
(ii) Neither registration nor satisfaction of any charge is pending to be filed/registered with the Jurisdictional Registrar of
Companies beyond the statutory period in respect of security created by the Company in favour of lenders.
(iii) Term Loans were applied for the purpose(s) for which the loans were obtained.
Unsecured Borrowing
Loans from Bodies Corporate carry rate of interest varying from 8.85% p.a. to 9.00% p.a. and are due for repayment between
November, 2028 to March, 2029 as per the mutually agreed repayment schedule with the concerned lenders.
18. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABLITIES
Security Deposit  -  168.00
------------------------------ ------------------------------
-  168.00
------------------------------ ------------------------------
19. PROVISIONS (NON-CURRENT)
Provision for Employee Benefits  28.36  18.63
------------------------------ ------------------------------
28.36  18.63
------------------------------ ------------------------------
=== PAGE 139 ===
134
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
20. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (NET)
(a) Deferred Tax Liabilities
Depreciation and Amortisation on Property, Plant and Equipments
and Intangible Asset  688.89  758.27
Fair Value of Investment through Other Comprehensive Income  548.70  375.42
------------------------------ ------------------------------
 1237.59  1133.69
------------------------------ ------------------------------
(b) Deferred Tax Assets
Allowance for Doubtful Receivables  28.73  12.54
Items Deductible on Payment Basis  217.20  121.32
Carry Forward Losses  -  1.30
------------------------------ ------------------------------
245.93  135.16
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Net Deferred Tax Liabilities  991.66  998.53
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Reconciliation of Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net):
Opening Balance  998.53  922.95
Deferred Tax (Income)/Expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  (181.16)  (52.53)
Deferred Tax Expense at Other Comprehensive Income  174.29  128.11
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Closing Balance  991.66  998.53
------------------------------ ------------------------------
21. BORROWINGS
Working Capital Loans/Borrowings from Banks (Secured)
Working Capital Demand Loan  130.00  -
Cash Credit Facilities  3557.48  872.06
Export Packing Credit  4493.35  1469.97
Current Maturities of Long Term Borrowings (Refer Note No.17)  1467.29  4770.98
------------------------------ ------------------------------
9648.12  7113.01
------------------------------ ------------------------------
Notes:
Secured Borrowing
(i) Working Capital Loans/Borrowings from Banks are generally renewable within twelve months from the date of sanction or
immediately previous renewal date, unless otherwise stated. The lender banks have a right to cancel the credit limits
(either fully or partially) and, inter-alia, demand repayment in case of non-compliance of terms and conditions of sanctions
or deterioration in the sanctioned loan accounts in any manner.
(ii) Working Capital Loans/Borrowings (both fund and non fund based) from Banks are secured by first/or second charge by
way of hypothecation of entire Current Assets both present and future, of the Company viz. inventories, bills receivables,
book debts (trade receivables), claims, etc. ranking pari-passu amongst the lender consortium banks and certain secured
term loan lender and are further secured by way of hypothecation of movable property, plant and equipment, both present
and future, and charge created by way of mortgage by deposit of title deeds of certain immovable properties of the
Company, ranking first/or second (specific to a term lender) pari-passu interse amongst the lender consortium banks and
Term Loan lenders. The Working Capital Borrowings are also backed by corporate guarantee of Vindhya Telelinks Limited,
a body corporate.
(iii) Funds raised on short term basis have not been utilised for long term purposes and deployed for the purpose(s) they were
obtained.
(iv) Charges with respect to above working capital borrowings have been created in favour of Security Trustee acting for the
benefit of and on behalf of the lenders.
=== PAGE 140 ===
135
BIRLA CABLE
As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
21. BORROWINGS (Contd.)
(v) Bank Returns/Stock Statements filed by the Company with its bankers are materially in agreement with the books of
account.
(vi) Neither registration nor satisfaction of any charge is pending to be filed/registered with the Jurisdictional Registrar of
Companies beyond the statutory period in respect of security created by the Company in favour of lenders.
22. TRADE PAYABLES
Total Outstanding Dues of Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises*; and  920.18  453.17
Total Outstanding Dues of Creditors Other than Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises  2152.98  2497.46
------------------------------ ------------------------------3073.16  2950.63------------------------------ ------------------------------
Trade Payable Ageing Schedule (` in lakhs)
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payments
Particulars Unbilled Not Due Less than 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than Total
1 Year 3 Years
Undisputed Trade Payable as at 31.03.2026
Due to Micro and Small Enterprises  -  918.54  1.64  -  -  -  920.18
Due to Other than Micro and Small Enterprises  108.04  1776.15  266.32  0.05  2.28  0.14  2152.98
Total  108.04  2694.69  267.96  0.05  2.28  0.14  3073.16
Undisputed Trade Payable as at 31.03.2025
Due to Micro and Small Enterprises  -  419.25  33.92  -  -  -  453.17
Due to Other than Micro and Small Enterprises  606.09  1104.17  784.59  2.28  0.33  -  2497.46
Total  606.09  1523.42  818.51  2.28  0.33  -  2950.63
* Principal amount outstanding as at the year end. There is no overdue amount of principal and interest due to Micro and Small
Enterprises. During the period, no interest has been paid to such Enterprises. This information has been determined to the
extent such Enterprises have been identified on the basis of information available with the Group.
23. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
Interest Accrued But Not Due on Borrowings  30.67  85.47
Accrued Employee Benefits Expense  49.35  39.44
Unclaimed Dividend*  56.29  69.96
Creditors/Liability Pertaining to Capital Expenditure  33.62  118.08
Provision for MTM of Derivative Instruments  29.32  2.31
Director’s Commission Payable  18.00  11.50
------------------------------ ------------------------------217.25  326.76------------------------------ ------------------------------
* This does not include any outstanding amount to be credited to Investors Education and Protection Fund during the year.
24. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
Statutory Dues  291.56  582.78
Advances from Customers  230.61  42.31
------------------------------ ------------------------------522.17  625.09------------------------------ ------------------------------
25. PROVISIONS
Provision for Employee Benefits  138.92  52.52
------------------------------ ------------------------------138.92  52.52------------------------------ ------------------------------
=== PAGE 141 ===
136
BIRLA CABLE
For the year ended For the year ended
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
26. REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
(Refer Note No. 35)
Sale of Products  73483.60  62779.44
Other Operating Income
Sale of Scrap Materials  3497.62  3228.94
Processing Charges Received  0.85  -
Export Incentives  129.33  156.85
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
 77111.40  66165.23
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
27. OTHER INCOME
Interest Income
From Banks 22.57  85.93
From Others 59.71  14.25
Dividend Income on Non-Current Investments  31.48  23.62
Gain on Foreign Currency Transactions (Net)  114.68  212.07
Unspent Liabilities/Sundry Balances Written Back (Net)  135.88  2.43
Profit on Sale/Discard of Property, Plant and Equipment (Net)  13.47  4.02
Other Non Operating Income  0.89  4.86
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
378.68  347.18
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
28. CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS,
WORK-IN-PROGRESS AND STOCK-IN TRADE, ETC.
Closing Inventories
Work-in-Progress  2144.33  1490.49
Finished Goods  971.94  823.35
Scrap Materials  96.75  77.78
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
 3213.02  2391.62
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
Opening Inventories
Work-in-Progress  1490.49  1459.96
Finished Goods  823.35  1118.90
Scrap Materials  77.78  117.34
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
 2391.62  2696.20
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
(821.40)  304.58
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
29. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
Salaries, Wages, Bonus and Benefits, etc.  3420.90  3136.14
Contribution to Provident and Other Funds, etc.  200.13  189.51
Employees Welfare Expenses  80.17  82.46
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
 3701.20  3408.11
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
=== PAGE 142 ===
137
BIRLA CABLE
For the year ended For the year ended
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
30. FINANCE COSTS
Interest Expense  890.71  1172.08
Interest on Lease Liability  14.63  10.10
Other Borrowing Costs  328.23  189.63
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
1233.57  1371.81
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
31. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSE
On Property, Plant and Equipment  1575.94  1575.40
On Intangible Assets  2.61  0.37
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
1578.55  1575.77
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
32. OTHER EXPENSES
Consumption of Stores and Spares  242.03  250.86
Packing Materials  2203.77  2062.84
Processing/Job Work and Testing Charges  84.70  141.00
Power and Fuel  1086.01  988.59
Freight and Transportation (Net)  927.20  937.46
Rent (Net) 4.46  13.86
Repair & Maintenance
Plant and Equipment  375.67  400.67
Buildings  92.83  84.38
Others 4.02  4.06
Insurance 108.07  88.32
Rates & Taxes  45.05  126.68
Travelling and Conveyance  68.02  135.55
Payment to Auditors
Statutory Auditors
Audit Fees  12.47  12.38
Tax Audit Fee  1.50  1.50
Quarterly Reviews  4.50  4.50
Certification, etc.  4.95  5.50
Reimbursement of Expenses  1.49  0.84
Cost Auditors
Audit Fees 0.75  0.75
Certification, etc.  0.08  0.11
Reimbursement of Expenses  0.09  0.09
Foreign Exchange Rate Fluctuation (Net)  1.26  -
Director’s Commission  18.00  11.50
Miscellaneous Expenses [Including ` 49.95 lakhs ( ` 62.74 lakhs)
incurred towards Corporate Social Responsibility] 637.43  835.92
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
5924.35  6107.36
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
=== PAGE 143 ===
138
BIRLA CABLE
For the year ended For the year ended
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(````` in lakhs) (` in lakhs)
33. TAX EXPENSE
Current Tax 752.54  236.04
Tax adjustment of Earlier Years  1.37  (4.36)
Deferred Tax Credit  (181.45)  (52.53)
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
Total Tax Expense  572.46  179.15
---------------------------------- ----------------------------------
Reconciliation of Effective Tax Rate:
Profit before Tax  2263.04  668.29
Enacted Income Tax Rate 25.17% 25.17%
Tax as per Enacted Income Tax Rate  569.56  168.20
Permanent Disallowances  17.55  23.07
Exempt Dividend Income  (7.92)  (5.95)
Others (8.10)  (1.81)
Tax Adjustment of Earlier Years  1.37  (4.36)
Tax Expenses Recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  572.46  179.15
Effective Income Tax Rate 25.30% 26.81%
34. EARNING PER SHARE (EPS):
Particulars As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
Weighted Average Number of Equity Shares outstanding during the year  30000000  30000000
Profit for the year ( ` in lakhs)  1690.29  489.14
Nominal Value of each Equity Share ( `)  10.00  10.00
EPS (Basic and Diluted)  5.63  1.63
35. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS:
(a) Disaggregated Revenue Information {Refer Note No. 38(b)}
(b) Contract Balances: (` in lakhs)
Particulars As at As at
31
st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
Trade Receivables  20297.37  16722.12
Contract Liabilities  230.61  42.31
Trade Receivables are generally due within 90 days. Contract liabilities include advances received against delivery of
cables.
(c) Reconciliation of the amount of Revenue from Operations recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss with the Contract
Prices:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Revenue as per Contract Price  73674.44  63038.44
Adjustments
Discount, Rebate, Customer Claim and Others  190.84 259.00
Revenue as per the Statement of Profit and Loss (Refer Note No. 26)  73483.60  62779.44
=== PAGE 144 ===
139
BIRLA CABLE
36. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS (TO THE EXTENT NOT PROVIDED FOR):
(a) Contingent Liabilities:
Claims against the Holding Company not acknowledged as debts ` 20.85 lakhs ( ` 20.85 lakhs).
(b) Commitments:
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on Capital Account (Net of advances) and not provided for
` 3.95 lakh (` 10.83 lakhs).
37. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS:
(a) Gratuity and Pension:
(i) Amount of Net Employee Benefit Exposure Recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss: ( ` in lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity (Funded) Pension (Unfunded)
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Past Service Cost  191.31  -  -  -
Current Service Cost  18.84  25.30  -  -
Interest Cost on Defined Benefit Obligation  23.89  31.39  1.42  1.49
Expected Return on Plan Assets  (28.53)  (33.85)  -  -
Net Actuarial (Gain)/Loss Recognised in the year  -  -  (0.24)  0.81
Net Employee Benefits Expense  205.51  22.84  1.18  2.30
(ii) Amount Recognised in Other Comprehensive Income: ( ` in lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity (Funded) Pension (Unfunded)
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Return on Plan Assets  4.74  2.08  -  -
Actuarial Gain/(Loss) on Defined Benefit
Obligation arising from -
Experience Adjustment  (32.01)  20.69  -  -
Difference in Present Value of Obligation  73.59  32.69  -  -
Amount Recognised in OCI  46.32  55.46  -  -
(iii) Amount Recognised in the Balance Sheet: ( ` in lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity (Funded) Pension (Unfunded)
As at As at As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025 31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
Defined Benefit Obligation  (473.20)  (427.71)  (19.81)  (21.42)
Less: Fair Value of the Plan Assets  380.66  489.40  -  -
Net Asset/(Liability)  (92.54)  61.69  (19.81)  (21.42)
=== PAGE 145 ===
140
BIRLA CABLE
(iv) Changes in Present Value of the Defined Benefit Obligation: ( ` in lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity (Funded) Pension (Unfunded)
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Opening Defined Benefit Obligation  427.71  453.83  21.42  21.91
Interest Cost  23.89  31.39  1.42  1.49
Past Service Cost  191.31  -  -  -
Current Service Cost  18.84  25.30  -  -
Benefits Paid  (149.83)  (29.44)  (2.79)  (2.79)
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss  (41.58)  (53.37)  (0.24)  0.81
Unpaid Liability  2.86  -  -  -
Closing Defined Benefit Obligation  473.20  427.71  19.81  21.42
(v) Changes in the Fair Value of Plan Assets: ( ` in lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity (Funded) Pension (Unfunded)
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Opening Fair Value of Plan Assets  489.40  482.91  -  -
Expected Return  28.53  33.85  -  -
Contribution by Employer  -  -  -  -
Benefits Paid  (142.01)  (29.44)  -  -
Actuarial Gain/(Loss)  4.74  2.08  -  -
Closing Fair Value of Plan Assets  380.66  489.40  -  -
(vi) The major categories of Plan Assets in case of Funded Gratuity Scheme as a percentage of the fair value of Total
Plan Assets:
Particulars Gratuity (%)
2025-26 2024-25
Investments with Insurer  100  100
The overall expected rate of return on assets is determined based on the actual rate of return during the current year.
The Group expect to contribute ` 100.00 lakhs in defined benefit approved Gratuity plan during the financial year
2026-27.
(vii) The principal assumptions used in determining gratuity and pension obligations for the Company’s plans:
Particulars Gratuity (Funded) Pension (Unfunded)
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Mortality Table IAL (2012-14) IAL (2012-14) IIA IIA
Ultimate Ultimate (2012-15) (2012-15)
Attrition Rate 5.00% p.a. 5.00% p.a. N.A. N.A.
Imputed Rate of Interest (D) 7.50% p.a. 6.82% p.a. 7.82% p.a. 7.08% p.a.
Imputed Rate of Interest (IC) 6.82% p.a. 7.23% p.a. 7.08% p.a. 7.26% p.a.
Salary Rise 6.00% p.a.* 6.00% p.a. N.A. N.A.
Return on Plan Assets 6.82% p.a. 7.23% p.a. N.A. N.A.
Remaining Working Life 14.15 years 13.72 years N.A. N.A.
* For First five years it is assumed that Salary rise shall be 1.50% for non-workers
=== PAGE 146 ===
141
BIRLA CABLE
The estimates of future salary increase, considered in actuarial valuation, take into account the effect of inflation,
seniority, promotion and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market. The overall
expected rate of return on plan assets is determined based on the market prices prevailing as on the Balance Sheet
date, applicable to the period over which the obligation is to be settled.
(viii)Quantitative Sensitivity Analysis for Significant Assumptions:
Reasonably possible changes at the year end, to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other assumptions
constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation as the amounts shown below:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars Delta Gratuity
Effect of 31 st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
Decrease Increase Decrease Increase
Discount Rate 1%  21.06  (19.23)  20.17  (18.42)
Salary Growth Rate 1%  (20.15)  21.69  (18.72)  20.14
Attrition Rate 1%  (1.95)  1.78  (0.23)  0.17
(ix) Maturity Profile of Defined Benefit Obligation (Undiscounted): ( ` in lakhs)
Particulars Gratuity
2025-26 2024-25
Within next 12 months (next annual reporting period)  82.39  68.11
Between 1 to 5 years  297.77  220.91
Between 5 to 10 years  154.31  198.76
10 years and above  164.10  124.80
(x) Risk Exposure:
The Defined Benefit Plan is exposed to number of risks like asset volatility, inflation rate risk, life expectancy assumptions
etc.
(xi) The Employee Benefits Expense for the financial year ended 31 st March, 2026 includes the incremental impact of
Gratuity liability amounting to ` 223.54 lakhs ( ` Nil) based on actuarial valuation and management estimates, in
pursuance to the four new Labour Codes which have been made effective from 21 st November, 2025, in accordance
with the guidance provided by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and other relevant clarifications by the
Ministry of Labour & Employment, Government of India. The Company will continue to monitor the developments and
may update the estimates as required in the period in which State(s) rules are notified and further clarifications/
update on the governing provisions of the new Labour Codes are available.
(b) Defined Contribution Plans:
The Holding Company’s contribution to defined contribution schemes such as Government administered Provident/Family
Pension and approved Superannuation Fund are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss as incurred. The Holding
Company has no further obligations beyond its contributions.
The Holding Company has recognised the following contributions to Provident/Family Pension and Superannuation Funds
as an expense and included in employee benefits expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
(` in lakhs)
Defined Contributions Schemes 2025-26 2024-25
Contribution to Provident and Family Pension Fund  180.13  163.96
Contribution to an Approved Superannuation Fund  18.16  23.90
=== PAGE 147 ===
142
BIRLA CABLE
38. SEGMENT INFORMATION:
(a) The Group has only one reportable primary business segment i.e. Cables, based on guiding principles given in Ind AS
108 “Operating Segments” notified pursuant to Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015. Accordingly, the
disclosure requirements of Ind AS 108 are not applicable.
(b) The following table shows the disaggregation of Group’s Revenue from Operations (predominantly telecom cables) by
geographical market, regardless of where the goods were produced:
(` in lakhs)
Sl.No. Geographical Segments 2025-26 2024-25
(i) Domestic Market (within India)  68820.80  58567.62
(ii) Overseas Markets (outside India)  8290.60  7597.61
Total  77111.40  66165.23
(c) Revenue from a customer of the Holding Company is ` 34693.95 lakhs (from a customer of the Holding Company is
` 26204.54 lakhs), which is more than 10% of the Holding Company’s total revenue.
39. (A) DISCLOSURES IN RESPECT OF RELATED PARTIES AS DEFINED IN INDIAN ACCOUNTING STANDARD (IND AS
24), WITH WHOM TRANSACTIONS WERE ENTERED INTO AND IN THE ORDINARY COURSE OF BUSINESS DURING
THE YEAR ARE GIVEN BELOW:
1 Entity where a Key Management Shakun Polymers Private Limited (SPPL)
Personnel (KMP)/relatives of KMP
have significant influence
2 Defined Benefit Plan Birla Cable Employees Group Gratuity-cum-Life Assurance Scheme Trust
(BGF)
3 Key Management Personnel (KMP) Shri Harsh V. Lodha Chairman & Non-Executive
Director of the Holding Company
Shri Dhan Raj Bansal
Shri Bachh Raj Nahar
Smt. Kiran Aggarwal
Shri Pandanda Kariappa Madappa
Shri Ravindra Pratap Singh
Shri R. Sridharan Manager & CEO of the Holding
(upto 19.01.2026) Company and Director of the
Subsidiary Company
Shri Somesh Laddha Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
of the Holding Company
Ms. Suman Company Secretary of the
Holding Company
Shri Anantharajan S. Manager of the Subsidiary
(upto 31.08.2024) Company
(i) Transactions with Related Parties: (` in lakhs)
Sl.No. Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
1 Shakun Polymers Private Limited (SPPL)
Purchase of Raw Materials/Consumable & Traded Goods  65.57  25.19
2 Compensation to the KMP’s of the Company
(a) Manager & CEO
Short-term Employee Benefit  222.98  264.46
(b) Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
Short-term Employee Benefit  40.33  36.73
Non-Executive Directors of the
Holding Company
}
=== PAGE 148 ===
143
BIRLA CABLE
(` in lakhs)
Sl.No. Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
(c) Company Secretary
Short-term Employee Benefit  13.55  12.93
(d) Manager
Short-term Employee Benefit  -  29.18
(e) Directors
Sitting Fees  24.25  25.95
Profit Related Commission  18.00  11.50
3 Loan to KMP’s of the Company
Loan Repaid
Manager & CEO  2.68  1.80
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)  -  0.53
4 BEOL Employee’s Group Gratuity cum Life Assurance Scheme
Trust (BGF)
Withdrawal from Gratuity Fund  142.01  29.44
(ii) Outstanding Balances with Related Parties: ( ` in lakhs)
Sl. No. Nature of Transaction As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
1 Manager & CEO
Loan Recoverable  -  2.68
2 Directors
Profit Related Commission Payable {Refer Note (b)}  18.00  11.50
Notes:
(a) The remuneration to Key Managerial Personnel(s) other than Non-Executive Directors stated above does not include
provision/payment towards incremental liability on account of gratuity and compensated absences since actuarial
valuation is done for the Company as a whole.
(b) Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors save and except Shri Harsh V. Lodha, Chairman includes provision of
` 18.00 lakhs ( ` 11.50 lakhs) towards remuneration/compensation by way of profit related commission (excluding
Goods and Services Tax, if any, thereon) for the year. Shri Harsh V. Lodha, Chairman, has decided not to take
remuneration/compensation by way of profit related commission pertaining to the financial year 2025-26.
(c) Transactions mentioned above are exclusive of Goods and Services Tax (GST), wherever applicable.
(d) No amount has been provided as doubtful debt or advance written off or written back in the year in respect of debts
due from/to above Related Parties.
(e) Transactions and balances relating to reimbursement of expenses to/from the above Related Parties have not been
considered in the above disclosure.
=== PAGE 149 ===
144
BIRLA CABLE
(B) DISCLOSURE AS REQUIRED UNDER SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS)
(AMENDMENT) REGULATIONS, 2018 IN RESPECT OF TRANSACTIONS WITH ENTITIES BELONGING TO THE
PROMOTERS/PROMOTER GROUP HOLD(S) 10% OR MORE SHAREHOLDING IN THE COMPANY:
(` in lakhs)
Sl. Nature of Transactions Vindhya Telelinks Universal Cables Birla Corporation
No. Limited Limited Limited
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
1 Purchase of Raw Materials, Consumables & Traded Goods  667.61  706.03  273.17  34.29  -  -
2 Sale of Finished Goods, Raw Materials, Consumables,
Traded Goods and Others 229.35  105.32  3.91  29.57  -  -
3 Sale of Investment in Equity Shares  -  30.69  -  -  -  -
4 Other Service Charges Paid  12.61  26.71  -  -  -  -
5 Dividend Paid  -  101.50  -  68.25  -  94.30
6 Dividend Received  0.02  0.02  31.44  23.58  0.03  0.03
Note: Transactions mentioned above are exclusive of Goods and Services Tax (GST), wherever applicable.
40. DISCLOSURE AS REQUIRED UNDER THE MICRO, SMALL AND MEDIUM ENTERPRISES DEVELOPMENT ACT 2006,
READ WITH NOTIFICATION NUMBER GSR 679 (E) DATED 4 TH SEPTEMBER, 2015 TO THE EXTENT AVAILABLE/
ASCERTAINED (REFER NOTE NO. 22):
(` in lakhs)
Sl. No. Particulars As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
(i) The principal amount and interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any
supplier at the end of each financial year
(a) Trade Creditors  920.18  453.17
(b) Capex Creditors  5.13  20.20
(ii) The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of Section 16 of the
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006, along with
the amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed
day.
(iii) The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making
payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the
year) but without adding the interest specified under the Micro, Small and
Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006.
(iv) The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid.
(v) The amount of further interest remaining due and payable in the
succeeding year, until such date when the interest dues as above are
actually paid to the small enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a
deductible expenditure under Section 23 of the Micro, Small and Medium
Enterprise Development Act, 2006.
41. LEASES:
(a) Lease Liabilities Reconciliation (` in lakhs)
Sl. No. Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
(i) Opening Lease liabilities  155.49  12.78
(ii) Lease liability aroused during the year  -  175.39
(iii) Interest on lease liabilities  14.63  10.10
(iv) Repayment/Actual Rent  (44.64)  (42.78)
(v) Closing Lease liabilities  125.48  155.49
- -
- -
- -
- -
=== PAGE 150 ===
145
BIRLA CABLE
(b) The Group has taken certain offices and residential premises/facilities under operating lease agreements for short period.
The aggregate lease rental of ` Nil (` 31.11 lakhs) on such leases has been charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss.
42. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES:
(` in lakhs)
Sl. Particulars Fair Value Note As at 31 st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
No. Hierarchy No. Carrying Fair Value/ Carrying Fair Value/
Value At Cost/ Value At Cost/
Amortised Amortised
Cost Cost
I Financial Assets
(a) At Fair Value through Other Comprehensive
Income (FVTOCI)
- Investment in Quoted Equity Instruments Level 1 A  5108.96  5108.96  3899.10  3899.10
- Investment in Unquoted Equity Instruments Level 3 B  10.60  10.60  9.86  9.86
(b) At Cost/Amortised Cost
- Trade Receivables C  20297.37  20297.37  16722.12  16722.12
- Loan  17.94  17.94  38.94  38.94
- Other Financial Asset  1024.66  1024.66  733.07  733.07
- Cash and Cash Equivalents  64.53  64.53  95.68  95.68
- Other Bank Balances  298.14  298.14  1385.74  1385.74
(c) At Fair Value through Profit & Loss (FVTPL)
- Investment in Unquoted Equity Instruments Level-3  - -  173.94  173.94
Total Financial Assets  26822.20  26822.20  23058.45  23058.45
II Financial Liabilities
(a) At Amortised Cost
- Borrowings C  13131.64  13131.64  10900.36  10900.36
- Trade Payable  3073.16  3073.16  2950.63  2950.63
- Other Financial Liabilities  313.41  313.41  647.94  647.94
(b) At Fair Value through Profit & Loss (FVTPL)
MTM on Derivative Instruments
- Foreign Exchange Forward Contract Level-2 D  29.32  29.32  2.31  2.31
Total Financial Liabilities 16547.53  16547.53 14501.24 14501.24
The fair value of financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which instruments could be exchanged in a
current transaction between the willing parties. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value:
(A) The Group has opted to fair value its quoted equity instruments at its market quoted price through OCI.
(B) The Group has opted to fair value its unquoted equity instruments at its Net Asset Value(NAV)/Discounted Cash Flow(DCF)
through OCI.
(C) Investment in Continuum MP Windfarm Development Pvt. Ltd. for sourcing renewable energy is considered at fair value
through profit or loss and valued as per terms and conditions of the agreement.
(D) The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, other bank balances, trade receivables, loans, other financial assets, short-
term borrowings, trade payables and other financial liabilities approximates their carrying amounts largely due to the
short-term maturities of these instruments. The Group has adopted Effective Interest Rate Method (EIR) for fair valuation
of long-term borrowings, non-current financial assets and non-current financial liabilities.
(E) The fair value of forward exchange contracts is based on certificate given by respective banks.
Fair Value Hierarchy
Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
Level 3 - Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
}
}
C
C
=== PAGE 151 ===
146
BIRLA CABLE
43. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES:
The Group activities are exposed to a variety of Financial Risks from its Operations. The key financial risks include Market
risk, Credit risk and Liquidity risk.
(a) Market Risk:
Market Risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in
market prices. Market Risk comprises mainly three types of Risk: Foreign Currency Risk, Interest Rate Risk, Other Price
Risk such as Commodity Price Risk and Equity Price Risk.
(i) Foreign Currency Risk:
Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of
changes in foreign exchange rates. The Holding Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from foreign
currency transactions of imports, exports and borrowing primarily with respect to USD, EURO, GBP, CNY and AED.
The Holding Company’s exports are denominated generally in USD and EURO, providing a natural hedge to some
extent against foreign currency payments on account of imports of raw materials and/or the payment of borrowings.
The foreign currency transaction risk are managed through selective hedging programmes by way of forward contracts
including for underlying transactions having firm commitments or highly probable forecast of crystallisation.
The Holding Company uses forward exchange contracts to hedge its exposure in foreign currency. The details of
foreign currency exposures hedged by derivative instruments and those have not been hedged are as follows:
Particulars Name of As at 31
st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
Currency In Foreign ````` in lakhs In Foreign ` in lakhs
Currency Currency
Hedged:
Forward Exchange Contracts & Others
Outstanding
Financial Liabilities
Long-term Borrowings USD  1710843.50  1616.75  1179499.10  1015.55
EUR  258925.00  283.08  2394486.00  2243.87
Other Payables USD  152216.00  143.84  484140.00  416.84
CNY  388080.00  53.36  - -
Firm Commitments USD  -  -  78971.75  67.99
Financial Assets
Receivables USD  831528.39  773.32  451683.54  385.06
EUR  2610514.24  2784.37  3367241.75  3072.61
Firm Commitments EUR  -  -  277459.47  253.18
Total Hedged Exposure USD  2694587.89  2533.91  2194294.39  1885.44
EUR  2869439.24  3067.45  6039187.22  5569.66
CNY  388080.00  53.36  - -
Unhedged:
Financial Liabilities
Long-term Borrowings USD  20447.64  19.32  1767151.80  1521.52
EUR  1089557.40  1191.21  298310.17  279.55
Short-term Borrowings USD  -  -  92700.00  79.03
Other Payables USD  81319.09  76.85  116099.50  99.96
EUR  34068.49  37.25  43594.34  40.85
GBP  2086.80  2.63  1264.98  1.42
CNY  -  -  948148.93  115.39
AED  -  -  35640.00  8.53
=== PAGE 152 ===
147
BIRLA CABLE
Particulars Name of As at 31 st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
Currency In Foreign ````` in lakhs In Foreign ` in lakhs
Currency Currency
Financial Assets
Receivables USD  114455.03  106.44  504638.40  430.20
EUR  511992.71  546.09  - -
GBP  21358.00  26.27  14862.98  16.29
Bank Balance USD  15.93  0.01  14090.95  12.01
EUR  5.77  0.01  10.35  0.01
Net Unhedged Exposure USD  (12704.23)  (10.28)  1457221.95  1258.30
EUR  611627.41  682.36  341894.16  320.39
GBP  (19271.20)  (23.64)  (13598.00)  (14.87)
CNY  -  -  948148.93  115.39
AED  -  -  35640.00  8.53
Foreign Currency Sensitivity:
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in USD/EURO/GBP/CNY/AED with
all other variables held constant. The impact on Holding Company’s profit before tax is due to changes in the fair
value of monetary assets and liabilities consequent to changes in the foreign exchange rate as under:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Change in USD  (+)5%  (+)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax 0.51 (62.92)
Change in USD  (-)5%  (-)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax (0.51) 62.92
(` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Change in EURO  (+)5%  (+)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax (34.12) (16.02)
Change in EURO  (-)5%  (-)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax 34.12 16.02
(` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Change in GBP  (+)5%  (+)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax 1.18 0.74
Change in GBP  (-)5%  (-)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax (1.18) (0.74)
(` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Change in CNY  (+)5%  (+)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax - (5.77)
Change in CNY  (-)5%  (-)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax - 5.77
=== PAGE 153 ===
148
BIRLA CABLE
(` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Change in AED  (+)5%  (+)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax - (0.43)
Change in AED  (-)5%  (-)5%
Effect on Profit before Tax - 0.43
(ii) Interest Rate Risk and Sensitivity:
Interest rate risk has underlying risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
because of changes in market interest rates. Any changes in the interest rates could have unforeseen impact on
Holding Company’s cost of borrowings, thus impacting the profit and loss. The Holding Company mitigates this risk
by regularly assessing the market scenario, finding appropriate financial instruments like interest rate negotiations
and low cost instruments.
Interest Rate Risk Exposure (` in lakhs)
Type of Exposure As at As at
31
st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
Fixed Rate Borrowings  -  1000.00
Variable Rate Borrowings (including Short-Term Borrowings)  13131.64  9900.36
Total  13131.64  10900.36
Sensitivity on Variable Rate Borrowings ( ` in lakhs)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Interest Rate increase by 0.25%  (32.83)  (24.75)
Interest Rate decrease by 0.25%  32.83  24.75
(iii) Commodity Price Risk:
The Holding Company is affected by the price volatility of certain commodities. Its operating activities require the
purchase of raw material for manufacturing of Cables and therefore, require a continuous supply of certain raw
materials such as optical fibre, plastic and polymers, copper etc. To mitigate the commodity price risk, the Holding
Company has an approved supplier base to get the best competitive prices for the commodities and to manage the
cost without any compromise on quality.
(iv) Equity Price Risk:
The Holding Company’s exposure to equity instruments price risk arises from investments held by the Holding Company
and classified in the Balance Sheet at Fair Value through OCI. Having regard to the nature of securities, intrinsic
worth, intent and long term nature of investment in securities held by the company, fluctuation in their prices are
considered acceptable and do not warrant any management estimation.
(b) Credit Risk:
(i) Trade Receivables
The Holding Company has an established policy, procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management.
The Holding Company assesses the credit quality of the counterparties taking into account their financial position,
past experience and other factors. Some of the customers are Government owned entities and private telecom
sector operators. Credit risk is reduced to a significant extent if the supplies are part of a project which is funded by
the Central/State Government. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored and assessed. Impairment
allowance for trade receivables if any, is provided on the basis of respective credit risk of individual customer as on
the reporting date.
(ii) Deposits with Bank:
The fixed deposits with banks predominantly comprises of margin money against bank guarantees, letter(s) of credit,
etc. as per the terms of sanction of non fund based credit facilities.
(c) Liquidity Risk:
Liquidity risk is the risk, where the Holding Company may encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with
its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Holding Company’s approach is to
ensure, as far as possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due.
=== PAGE 154 ===
149
BIRLA CABLE
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted
payments:
(` in lakhs)
Particulars Carrying Payable on Upto 12 1 to 5
Value Demand Months Years
As at 31st March, 2026
Borrowings  13131.64  8180.83  1467.29  3494.22
Trade and Other Payables  3290.41  56.29  3234.12  -
Lease Liability  125.48  -  44.64  104.17
Total  16547.53  8237.12  4746.05  3598.39
As at 31st March, 2025
Borrowings  10900.36  2342.03  4770.98  3809.12
Trade and Other Payables  3277.39  69.96  3207.43  -
Lease Liability  155.49  -  44.64  148.81
Total  14333.24  2411.99  8023.05  3957.93
44. AGEING OF CAPITAL-WORK-IN PROGRESS (CWIP):
CWIP for Project in Progress (` in lakhs)
Particulars Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than 1-2 Years 2-3 Years More than Total
1 Year 3 Years
2025-26  -  -  -  -  -
2024-25  2.53  -  -  -  2.53
Note:
There is no item/project whose completion is overdue or has e xceeded it’s original cost as compare to it’s original plan as at
31st March, 2026 and 31 st March, 2025.
45. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT:
The Group’s primary objective with respect to capital management is to ensure continuity of business and support the growth
of the Group while at the same time provide reasonable returns to its various stakeholders and maximise shareholders value.
In order to achieve these objectives, requirement of capital is reviewed periodically with reference to operating and business
plans that take into account capital expenditure and strategic investments. Sourcing of capital is done through judicious
combination of equity/internal accruals and borrowings, both short term and long term. The capital structure is governed by
policies approved by the Board of Directors and the Group monitors capital by applying net debt (total borrowings less investments
and cash and cash equivalents) to equity ratio. The Group manages its capital structure and make adjustments in the light of
changes in economic conditions and the requirements of financial covenants attached to the interest bearing loans and
borrowings that define capital structure requirements. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for
managing capital during the year ended 31
st March, 2026 or corresponding previous year.
(` in lakhs)
Particulars As at As at
31st March, 2026 31st March, 2025
Borrowings  13131.64  10900.36
Less: Cash and Cash Equivalents  64.53  95.68
Net Debt  13067.11  10804.68
Equity Share Capital  3000.00  3000.00
Other Equity  25090.31  22324.94
Total Capital  28090.31  25324.94
Capital and Net Debt  41157.42  36129.62
Gearing Ratio  0.32  0.30
=== PAGE 155 ===
150
BIRLA CABLE
46. (A) Information pursuant to Schedule III of Companies Act, 2013 :
For the Financial Year 2025-26 (` in lakhs)
Name of Entity Net Assets (Total Share in Profit Share in Other Share in Total
Assets-Total Liabilities) or Loss Comprehensive Income Comprehensive Income
Amount As % of Amount As % of Amount As % of Amount As % of
Consolidated Consolidated Consolidated Consolidated
Consolidated  28090.31 1690.29 1075.09 2765.38
Holding Company
Birla Cable Limited  28186.95 100.34%  1686.78 99.79%  1072.01 99.71%  2758.79 99.76%
Foreign Subsidiary Company
Birla Cable Infrasolutions
DMCC (96.64) -0.34%  3.51 0.21%  3.08 0.29%  6.59 0.24%
Total  28090.31 100%  1690.29 100%  1075.09 100%  2765.38 100%
For the Financial Year 2024-25
Name of Entity Net Assets (Total Share in Profit Share in Other Share in Total
Assets-Total Liabilities) or Loss Comprehensive Income Comprehensive Income
Amount As % of Amount As % of Amount As % of Amount As % of
Consolidated Consolidated Consolidated Consolidated
Consolidated  25324.94 489.14 260.52 749.66
Holding Company
Birla Cable Limited  25428.17 100.41%  503.11 102.86%  258.96 99.40%  762.07 101.66%
Foreign Subsidiary Company
Birla Cable Infrasolutions
DMCC (103.23) -0.41%  (13.97) -2.86%  1.56 0.60%  (12.40) -1.66%
Total  25324.94 100%  489.14 100%  260.52 100%  749.67 100%
(B) Additional Regulatory Information pursuant to amendment in Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013 as notified
vide Notification No. GSR 207(E)dated 24.03.2021 has been given to the extent applicable to The Holding Company
and not disclosed elsewhere. Additional disclosures/Regulatory information as required by Notification No. GSR
207(E) dated 24.03.2021 (To the extent applicable on The Holding Company):
(a) Compliance with number of layers of companies:
No layers of companies has been established beyond the limits prescribed under clause 87 of section 2 of the
Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.
(b) Detail of Relationship with Struck Off Companies:
(i) Trade Receivable
Sl. Name of the Struck Off Company Balance Balance Relationship
No. outstanding as outstanding as with Struck Off
at 31.03.2026 at 31.03.2025 Company
1 Nakoda  Metallics  Private  Limited  (Transactions Not a
occurred and settled during the year itself) -  - related party
=== PAGE 156 ===
151
BIRLA CABLE
(ii) Share Held by Struck Off Companies
Sl. Name of the Struck Off Company Balance Balance Relationship
No. outstanding as outstanding as with Struck Off
at 31.03.2026 at 31.03.2025 Company
(No. of Shares) (No. of Shares)
1 Ardra Holdings Private Limited  400  400
2 Badri Sarraf Finance and Mutual Benefit
Company Limited 900  900
3 Fair Growth Investments Limited  120  120
4 Home Trade Limited  100  100
5 Manjiri Investments Private Limited  -  100
(c) Undisclosed income:
No transactions have been recorded in the books of account that has been surrendered/disclosed as income during
the year in the tax assessments.
(d) The Holding Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including
foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
(i) Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on
behalf of the company (Ultimate Beneficiaries); or
(ii) Provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(e) The Holding Company has not received any fund from any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities
(Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Holding Company shall:
(i) Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on
behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries); or
(ii) Provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
47. The Board of Directors of the Holding Company (“Transferor Company” or “Company”) vide its resolutions dated 21st March,
2026, approved the Scheme of Amalgamation between the Company and Vindhya Telelinks Limited (“Transferee Company”)
and their respective shareholders and creditors (Scheme) pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of
the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules framed thereunder for the amalgamation of the Company into the Transferee
Company w.e.f. the appointed date of 1
st April, 2026.
Upon the Scheme becoming effective, the Transferor Company shall stand dissolved and the Transferee Company will issue
and allot to the equity shareholders of the Transferor Company (other than Transferee Company), 10 equity shares of the face
value of ` 10/- each fully paid of the Transferee Company for every 115 equity shares of the face value of ` 10/- each fully paid
held by them in the Transferor Company. Equity Shares held by the Transferee Company in the Transferor Company and vice
– versa shall stand cancelled and extinguished.
The Company has filed necessary applications for seeking no-objection/observation letters from BSE Limited (BSE) and
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) for the Scheme. The proposed Scheme is also subject to necessary statutory
and regulatory approvals under applicable laws, including the approval of the jurisdictional Hon’ble National Company Law
Tribunal (“NCLT”).
48. Previous year figures have been regrouped/rearranged, wherever considered necessary to conform to current year’s
classification. The figures in brackets are those in respect of the previous accounting year.
Signatures to Notes 1 to 48
As per our attached report of even date. For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.
Chartered Accountants Harsh V. Lodha B.R. Nahar
ICAI Firm Registration No. 109208W Chairman Director
(DIN : 00394094) (DIN : 00049895)
Vishal Agarwal
Partner Somesh Laddha Suman
Membership No. 556367 Manager & Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place: New Delhi Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026 Date : May 22, 2026
Not a
related party
=== PAGE 157 ===
152
BIRLA CABLE
STATEMENT CONTATING SAILENT FEATURES OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF A SUBSIDIARY COMPANY
Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule (5) of the Companies (Acc ounts) Rules, 2014
(` in lakhs)
Sl. Name of Subsidiary Company Share Reserves Total Total Investments Turnover Profit/(Loss) Profit/(Loss) Dividend % of
No. Capital & Surplus Assets Liabilities  Before After Shareholding
Taxation Taxation
1 Birla Cable Infrasolutions DMCC 139.84  (96.64) 44.19 0.99  -  14.54  3.80  3.51  - 100%
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Harsh V. Lodha B.R. Nahar
Chairman Director
(DIN : 00394094) (DIN : 00049895)
Somesh Laddha Suman
Manager & Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Place : New Delhi
Date : May 22, 2026
=== PAGE 158 ===
153
BIRLA CABLE
BIRLA CABLE LIMITED
CIN: L31300MP1992PLC007190
Registered Office: Udyog Vihar, P.O.Chorhata, Rewa-486 006 (M.P.), India
Telephone No.: (07662)  400580 • Fax No.: (07662) 400680
Email: headoffice@birlacable.com • Website: https://www.birlacable.com
PROXY FORM
[Pursuant to Section 105(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 19(3)
of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014]
Name of the Member(s)
Registered address
E-mail ID
Folio No/DP ID/Client ID
I/We, being the member(s) of...........................................equity shares of the above named company, hereby appoint :
1. Name: ............................................................................. E-mail Id: ............................... ............................................................
Address: .........................................................................
........................................................................................ Signature: ............................ ......................................, or failing him;
2. Name: ............................................................................. E-mail Id: ............................... ............................................................
Address: .........................................................................
........................................................................................ Signature: ............................ ......................................, or failing him;
3. Name: ............................................................................. E-mail Id: ............................... ............................................................
Address: .........................................................................
........................................................................................ Signature: ............................ ......................................, or failing him;
as my/our proxy to attend and vote (on a poll) for me/us and on my/our behalf at the Thirty Fourth (34th) Annual General Meetin g of the
Company to be held on Monday, August 3, 2026 at 4.45 P.M. at the Registered Office of the Company at Udyog Vihar, P.O. Chorhata ,
Rewa - 486 006 (M.P.) and at any adjournment thereof in respect of the following resolutions:
Ordinary Business *For *Against
1. Adoption of the Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended
March 31, 2026 together with the Reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon.
2. Adoption of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year
ended March 31, 2026 together with the Report of Auditors thereon.
3. Declaration of Dividend on Equity Shares for the financial year ended March 31, 2026.
4. Appointment of a Director in place of Shri Dhan Raj Bansal (DIN: 00050612), who retires by rotation
at this Annual General Meeting in terms of Section 152(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and being
eligible, offers himself for re-appointment. (As a Special Resolution)
Special Business
5. Appointment of Shri Somesh Laddha as the Manager of the Company for a term of three (3) consecutive
years with effect from May 22, 2026 to May 21, 2029 along with remuneration. (As an Ordinary
Resolution)
6. Ratification of remuneration to be paid to Cost Auditors of the Company for the financial year ending
on March 31, 2027. (As an Ordinary Resolution)
Signed this ............................. day of ................. 2026
Signature of shareholder : ..........................................................................
Signature of Proxy holder(s) : ..........................................................................
NOTES:
1. This form of proxy, in order to be effective, should be duly completed and deposited at the Registered Office of the Company at
Udyog Vihar, P.O. Chorhata, Rewa - 486 006 (M.P.), India, not less than FORTY EIGHT (48) hours before the commencement of the
Meeting.
2. For the Resolutions, Explanatory Statement pursuant to section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Notes, please refer to t he
Notice of the Thirty Fourth (34th) Annual General Meeting.
3.* It is optional to put a ‘ 9’ in the appropriate column against the resolutions indicated above.  If you leave 'For' or 'Against' column blank
against any or all resolutions, your Proxy will be entitled to vote in the manner as he/she thinks appropriate.
Affix
Revenue
Stamp
=== PAGE 159 ===
154
BIRLA CABLE
=== PAGE 160 ===
155
BIRLA CABLE
BIRLA CABLE LIMITED
CIN: L31300MP1992PLC007190
Registered Office: Udyog Vihar, P.O.Chorhata, Rewa-486 006 (M.P.), India
Telephone No.: (07662)  400580 • Fax No.: (07662) 400680
Email: headoffice@birlacable.com • Website: https://www.birlacable.com
ATTENDANCE SLIP
THIRTY FOURTH (34TH) ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
Date of Meeting - August 3, 2026
Folio No./DP ID & Client ID
Name and Address of the Shareholder/
Proxy/Authorised Representative
Name of Joint Member(s), if any
No. of Shares held
I certify that I am Member/Proxy for the Member(s) of the Company.
I hereby record my presence at THIRTY FOURTH (34TH) ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING of Birla Cable Limited being held on
Monday, August 3, 2026 at 4.45 P.M. at Udyog Vihar, P.O. Chorhata, Rewa - 486 006 (M.P.).
Signature of the Shareholder/Proxy/Authorised
Representative present
NOTE(S):
(1) Shareholder/Proxy holder wishing to attend the meeting must bring the Attendance Slip to the meeting and handover it at the
entrance duly signed.
(2) Only Shareholders of the Company and/or their proxy will be allowed to attend the meeting.
Note: PLEASE CUT HERE AND BRING THE ABOVE ATTENDANCE SLIP TO THE MEETING
............................................................................................................................... ...........................................................................
REMOTE E-VOTING PARTICULARS
Electronic Voting Sequence Number (EVSN) Default PAN/Sequence No.
260629014 *
* Only Members who have not updated their PAN with Company / Depository Participant shall use default PAN (10 digit sequence
number).
NOTE: For Remote e-Voting, please read the instructions printed under the Note No. 23 to the Notice dated May 22, 2026 of the
Thirty Fourth (34th) Annual General Meeting.  The Remote e-Voting period shall commence on July 31, 2026 at 9.00 A.M.
and end on August 2, 2026 at 5.00 P.M. The Remote e-Voting module shall be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter.

=== PAGE 161 ===
[NO TEXT ON PAGE]
=== PAGE 162 ===
Notes
...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
157
BIRLA CABLE
=== PAGE 163 ===
Notes
...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
...........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................
158
BIRLA CABLE
=== PAGE 164 ===
WĂƌƟĐŝƉĂƟŽŶŝŶ&Z/KDϮϬϮϱŚĞůĚĂƚ
ĂƉĞdŽǁŶ͕^ŽƵƚŚĨƌŝĐĂ͘
WĂƌƟĐŝƉĂƟŽŶŝŶE'KDϮϬϮϱŚĞůĚĂƚ
ŽůŽŐŶĞ͕'ĞƌŵĂŶǇ͘
=== PAGE 165 ===
[NO TEXT ON PAGE]