
=== PAGE 1 ===
28" May, 2026 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400001 
The General Manager-Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra East 
Mumbai-400051 
Symbol/Scrip Code: (BSE)530555 /(NSE) PARACABLES 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call pertaining to the Financial Performance for the Fourth 
Quarter and Financial Year ended on March 31, 2026 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and in continuation to the disclosure made on May 25, 2026 w.r.t., the audio recording of the 
conference call on financial performance of the Company for the Fourth Quarter and Financial Year 
ended on March 31, 2026 held on Monday, May 25, 2026 at 4:00 PM, please find enclosed herewith 
the transcript of the conference call with Investors/Analysts. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You 
Yours Faithfully, 
for Paramount Communications Limited 
Rashi Goel 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: as above 
Paramount Communications Ltd 
Paramount House 
KH - 433, Maulsari Avenue, 
Westend Greens, Rangpuri, 
New Delhi - 110037, India 
£:491 11 45618800 
pel@paramountables.com 
‘www.paramountcables.com CIN : L74899DL1994PL.C061295
Rashi Goel
Digitally signed by Rashi Goel 
Date: 2026.05.28 17:04:30 
+05'30'
=== PAGE 2 ===
1 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
Event Date/Time: 25/05/2026, 16.00 Hrs IST 
Event Duration: 56 minute 52 seconds 
 
Management Details: 
 
Mr. Gulshan 
Sunidhi Securities 
 
Mr. Sanjay Aggarwal 
Chairman and CEO 
 
Mr. S.K. Aggarwal 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Parth Aggarwal 
President Marketing 
 
Mr. Narendra Kumar Gupta 
President (Accounts and Finance) 
 
 

=== PAGE 3 ===
2 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
 
Q & A Participants List 
 
1 Parth Mandavgane  : IDBI Capital Markets & Securities Limited 
2 Upendra Gadiya  : Wallfort PMS 
3 Jaideep Sampat  : Individual Investor 
4  Kunal Mehta   : Incred Capital 
5 Prathamesh Sawant  : Abbakus Wealth Management 
6 Anjali    : Taurus Mutual Fund 
7 Nikhil Kanodia  : Sunidhi Securities 
8 Siddharth Shah  : MK Ventures 
9 Hiten Boricha   : Sequent Investments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
=== PAGE 4 ===
3 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
Moderator 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Madhuri, moderator for the conference call. Welcome to 
Paramount Communications Limited Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need any assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on 
a touch-tone telephone. Please note that this conference is recorded.  
I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Gulshan Singh. Over to you, sir.  
 
Gulshan Singh 
Thank you, ma'am. Good evening, and very warm welcome to everyone. On behalf of Sunidhi Securities, 
I welcome you all to the Paramount Communications Limited Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call. Today 
we have with us a management represented by Mr. Sanjay Aggarwal, Chairman and CEO; Mr. S.K. 
Aggarwal, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Parth Aggarwal, President Marketing and Mr. Narendra Kumar 
Gupta, President (Accounts and Finance).  
 
We thank Paramount Communications Limited for giving us the opportunity to host the call. I would now 
like to hand over the floor to the management for their opening remarks, post which we will open the 
floor for the Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, Sanjay sir.  
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to you all to the Paramount 
Communications Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and full year ended 31st March, 2026. Thank 
you for joining us today and for your continued interest in Paramount. Joining me on this call is our Chief 
Financial Officer, Mr. S.K. Aggarwal, and President Marketing, Mr. Parth Aggarwal. Our detailed earnings 
release and presentation have been uploaded to the stock exchanges and to our company website, and I 
trust you have had the opportunity to go through them. Let me start with a quick overview of Paramount. 
 
Paramount is one of India's oldest and most trusted names in the cables and wires industry, with a 
heritage of nearly seven decades. The company was founded by our founder, late Shri Shyam Sundar 
Aggarwal, in the year 1955, and today serves the country's most critical sectors: power, telecom, railways, 
renewables, defense, space, IT, construction, and oil & gas. We operate two state-of-the-art 
manufacturing plants at Dharuhera in Haryana and at Kushkhera in Rajasthan.  
 
The FY26 metal throughput from these two plants was more than 29,500 metric tons, up roughly 12% 
YoY. The third plant at Narmadapuram in Madhya Pradesh will join these two plants in the FY28. 
Paramount has been the largest exporter of low-voltage cables up to 600 volts from India to the United 
States in the calendar year 2025 and for the last six years overall also. We hold all the critical certifications 
required to operate at the high end of this industry, like ISO 9001, ISO 14001, BIS, NTPC, Power Grid, 
RDSO, UL for USA, and LPCB for British and related certifications, and we comply with almost all the 
international standards that we are asked to comply to. Our customer base spans more than 950 
=== PAGE 5 ===
4 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
instituting clients, including NTPC, Power Grid, BHEL, L&T, Adani, Tata Steel, ABB, Indian Oil, BSNL, State 
Electric Boards, and transmission companies, etc.  
 
On the product side, Paramount is one of the most diverse product portfolios in the wire and cable 
industry. We manufacture power cables in a low tension, high tension, control and instrumentation 
cables. On telecom side, we have optical fiber cables, FTTH and Jelly-filled cables. For railways, we make 
signaling, power and axle counter cables. We make a lot of special cables for various customers, which 
include PV solar cables, fire survival cables, specialized transmission conductors, and EV charging and 
domestic categories, building wires, submersibles, LAN and coaxial cables. That's a pretty exhaustive list, 
but it does not still cover all the ranges that we make.  
 
Beyond the product portfolio, we also execute EPC and turnkey projects, including transmission conductor 
and OPGW installation and submarine cable laying and repair. We are over 1,900 employees strong. 
Domestically, we serve through more than 250 channel partners and 600 retail outlets, supported by more 
than 10,000 registered electricians under our Paramount Parivaar loyalty program. Internationally, we are 
active in 35-plus export geographies, including eight active distributors in the largest cables and wires 
market in the world, the United States, up from just two in the year FY22. Now, I would like to hand over 
to my colleague, Parth Aggarwal, our President Marketing, for a brief overview of the demand 
environment we are operating in.  
 
Parth Aggarwal 
Thank you. A very good afternoon to all of you. Let me now turn to the demand environment because this 
is the reason we are particularly optimistic about the next five years. Six structural drivers are accelerating 
simultaneously, and each one of them, in different ways, requires wires and cables. First, power 
infrastructure. India has committed to INR 3.35 lakh crore of transmission and distribution spending 
between FY26 and FY30. PGCIL alone has planned more than INR 1 lakh crore of Capex between FY26 and 
FY28. RDSS smart grid rollout is INR 3 lakh crore, and the CEA's transmission pipeline envisages more than 
INR 7 lakh crore of investment by 2036.  
 
Second, renewable energy. India's 500 GW renewable target by FY30 is driving 210-220 GW of solar 
addition between FY23 and FY30. And 50-60 GW of wind. Renewable cables, particularly DC solar cables, 
are among the fastest-growing subsegments of our industry and for Paramount as well. Third, data 
centers. India's data center capacity is set to grow from approximately 1.7 GW today to more than 8 GW 
by 2030. Globally, data center IT Capex is projected at approximately USD 3 trillion by 2029. AI-focused 
data centers require around 70% higher cable density than conventional facilities, a significant tailwind. 
Data centers in India have also been granted infrastructure status, boosting this demand.  
 
Fourth, exports. The U.S. wires and cables market is approximately USD 32 billion and growing at around 
6% CAGR. The U.S. has planned more than USD 1 trillion of grid Capex between FY25 and FY30. And the 
broader China-plus-one sourcing shift continues to favour Indian manufacturers like Paramount. Fifth, real 
estate and infrastructure. Construction Capex of INR 18-19 lakh crore is planned between FY25 and FY29. 
The housing for all program targets 2 crore urban homes. The Smart Cities Mission, the 5G rollout, in 
BharatNet all creates steady, continued demand.  
=== PAGE 6 ===
5 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
 
And sixth, railways and metro. The Indian Railways FY27 budget is a record INR 3 lakh crore. 100% 
electrification of the network is on track. The Kavach train protection segment is INR 1 lakh crore, and 
metro systems are operational across 26 cities, with more than 1,000 km of operational track.  
What gives us confidence is that these drivers are accelerating in parallel, not sequentially. The Indian 
wires and cable sector is on a multiyear expansion phase. Organized players continue to take share from 
the unorganized segment, and Paramount is structurally well positioned to participate. Thank you. I hand 
over back to Mr. Sanjay Aggarwal.  
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Thank you, Parth. FY26 has been a year that tested the resilience of our business, was a huge challenge in 
any case. But at the same time, in many ways, this year validated the strategic choices that Paramount 
has made over the last several years.  
 
We entered the year with a strong momentum carrying over from FY25 in a healthy export market in the 
United States, where we were the largest exporter for LV cables up to 600 volts from India in calendar 
2025, as well as over the past six years. However, the year was impacted by first, a 10% reciprocal tariff 
imposed by the U.S. on 2nd of April 2025, which was followed by an increase of this tariff to 25% for Indian 
exporters in the beginning of August and further to 50% after including a 25% Russian oil tariff towards 
the end of August in 2025.  
 
Such huge increases in U.S. tariffs over a very short period of time, without any notice at all, caused a 
significant disruption for our export business in FY26. However, given a long-term perspective and the 
B2C nature of our U.S. sales, we took a deliberate strategic call to maintain Paramount's presence in the 
U.S. market throughout this period, even where it meant accepting orders as a sub-economic margin, 
albeit at much lower volumes.  
 
Following the U.S. Supreme Court rulings between February and April 2026, which invalidated the tariffs 
imposed under IEEPA, India's competitive position has, of course, now been restored. Q4 FY26 marked 
some improvement over the previous quarters in this regard, and we expect now that this recovery to 
considerably strengthen over the current financial year. And we hope to have an improvement practically 
every quarter in the U.S. market and the margins thereof.  
 
Most importantly, through this disruption, our domestic business not only held up, but accelerated, 
demonstrating the strategic flexibility that Paramount has built into its operating models over many years. 
I think if someone refers to our earnings report, it's practically demonstrated how, over the years, 
whenever the U. S. market has gone down, the domestic market has not only made up for it, but more 
than adequately compensated for it and still maintains the company's growth.  
 
=== PAGE 7 ===
6 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
So, coming to Q4 FY26, we have delivered a strong sequential recovery. Revenue grew 13.6% YoY and 
24.5% QoQ to INR 573 crores. EBITDA, including other income, was INR 38.8 crores with margin recovering 
to 6.7% from 4.3% in Q3 FY26, a 250 basis point quarterly improvement. PAT for the quarter was INR 20.5 
crore, up 9.5% YoY and 175% QoQ. 
 
Coming to the full financial year FY26 financial highlights, let me take you through some of the key 
numbers for the year. Revenue from operations for FY26 grew 23% approximately on YoY to INR 1,912 
crores as against INR 1,557 crores in FY25. EBITDA, including the other income, was INR 117.5 crores, with 
an EBITDA margin of 6%. Profit after tax stood at INR 60 crores approximately with a PAT margin of 3.1% 
and earnings per share of INR 1.97. The YoY decline in absolute EBITDA and PAT reflects the impact of the 
tariff disruptions caused by the U.S. sudden decisions in changing the tariffs, as I said.  
 
Looking on a longer view, however, the underlying trajectory remains strong for the company. Total 
revenue has grown from INR 585 crores in FY22 to INR 1,964 crores in FY26, including other income, a 4 
year CAGR of 35.4%. PAT over the same period has grown from INR 8.2 crore to INR 60.2 crore, a 4 year 
CAGR of 64.6%. Net worth has nearly quadrupled from these INR 202 crores to INR 778 crores.  
 
Two non-recurring items worth highlighting for FY26 are as follows: number one, our other income for 
this year includes INR 27.8 crores from the maturity of keyman insurance policies, and the employee 
benefit expense includes a one-time charge of INR 2.4-2.5 crores from the implementation of the four 
new labor codes notified on 21st of November 2025. 
 
Segment performance. First, we look at the segment mix. Our domestic business grew 27% approximately 
to INR 1361 crore in this financial year, with domestic share of the total revenue rising from 69% in the 
previous year to 71% this year. Within domestic segment, the B2B industrial sales grew by INR 37.3 % to 
INR 1,001 crore, led by power cables. B2C retail and the distribution cable business grew by 10.6% to INR 
179 crore. B2G, that is government and PSU business, was stable at around INR 182 crores, which meant 
actually a reduction in the percentage of government business for the current year for FY26. 
 
Exports grew 13.9% to INR 550 crores despite the tariff disruption. This reflects the depth of our U.S. 
distribution relationships. We ended the year with eight active distributors, as against just two in FY22, 
and a continuation of our zero-rejection record from day one of our exports to the U.S. in the last six years. 
Our order book as of 31st March 2026 stood at INR 583 crores, comprising INR 508 crores of domestic 
orders and INR 76 crores of exports. The composition reflects a deliberate pivot. Domestic share of the 
order book has risen to 87%. Within that, power cable orders are at a record INR 466 crores, up 66% YoY.  
 
On the operational side, metal throughput for FY26 was 29,664 metric tons, an increase of roughly 12% 
YoY, taking our 3 year CAGR for metal consumption at approximately 45%. Our existing two plants at 
Dharuhera and Kushkhera have effectively been running at optimal utilization for the past three, four 
years. We have now reached a physical space constraint at these sites, which is precisely why we are 
accelerating our Narmadapuram greenfield project.  
 
=== PAGE 8 ===
7 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
I would also note that Paramount continues to follow a deliberate policy of not accepting firm-price orders 
with delivery horizon beyond three to four months, a discipline that protects our margins from copper 
and aluminum price volatility.  
An update on the Narmadapuram greenfield project. We are setting up our third manufacturing facility at 
Narmadapuram, Madhya Pradesh. Approximately 31 acres of land has been allotted by the Madhya 
Pradesh Industrial Development Corporation and has been taken possession of by us. Civil and site 
preparation works are underway, and orders for the long-term delivery machinery, plant, and equipment 
have already been placed. The building construction is expected to start very shortly. 
 
The project at Narmadapuram envisages an investment of approximately INR 300 crores by FY28, with 
operations expected to partly commence in Q1 FY28 and ramp up through FY28. We are targeting sales 
of approximately INR 500 crores from Narmadapuram in FY28, which will scale up to INR 1,200 crores in 
FY29. The product focus for Narmadapuram will be extra high voltage cables up to 132 kV, specialized 
conductors and cables for the transmission sector, elastomeric EBeam cables, and EPR cables, etc., EPR, 
lead-sheathed rubber cables.  
 
This positions paramount as a meaningful participant in India's transmission grid revamp, a multiyear 
structural opportunity driven by Power Grid Corporation's Capex program, the Central Electricity 
Authority's transmission plan, and the broader power infrastructure buildout over the next decade. This 
Capex will partly be funded by equity raise that the company has recently conducted, but most of it by 
internal accruals and some modest amount of debt.  
 
Looking ahead, we will begin to achieve the revenue milestone of INR 5,000 crores in the next five years, 
that is by FY31, which shall mean that we will be having to double our sales every three to four years. This 
will be done through a capacity expansion at Narmadapuram, a deeper domestic penetration and export 
diversification, and higher value-added products like EHV cable, specialized cables, and conductors for the 
transmission sector.  
FY26 has tested us in ways that we had not anticipated when the year began. The team's response -- 
pivoting decisively to domestic demand, holding margins where possible, retaining the U.S. base, and 
progressing Narmadapuram is what gives us confidence in the trajectory ahead.  
 
I would like to thank our customers, employees, channel partners, lenders, and shareholders for their 
continued trust and support. We now open the line for your questions. Thank you.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. If you have a 
question, please press * and 1 on a telephone keypad, and wait for your turn to ask the question. If you 
like to withdraw your request you may do so by pressing * and 1 again.  
 
 
=== PAGE 9 ===
8 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
The first question comes from Parth Mandavgane from IDBI Capital. Please go ahead.  
Parth Mandavgane 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. So, I have a couple of questions. By when do we see an optimum 
utilization in our new plant? And what is the payback period that you'll be assuming for the new plant? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
You see, the optimal utilization of the investment that we are making in Phase 1, which is roughly INR 300 
crore, we expect to achieve INR 1,200 crores of revenue by FY29, more or less. Your second part was? 
 
Parth Mandavgane 
It was about the payback period.  
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Yeah. Payback period for this investment, I think we expect the payback in three to four years at the 
operating levels given in higher value-added product that this plant will be making. And margin from this 
Narmadapuram plant are expected to be between 9-10%. 
 
Parth Mandavgane 
Okay, understood. Also, can you help me with the guidance, maybe for, say, FY27 in terms of top line as 
well as EBITDA? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
You see, we do not want to make any specific guidance to give at this point. But in general, we can 
definitely say that, assuming that the current metal prices levels have stayed over the year, we should be 
achieving some 15-20% growth in top line. That should be around minimum 10% of volume growth. And 
by end of FY27, we hope to achieve the pre-tariff, you know, pre-U.S. tariff levels of margin also. 
 
Parth Mandavgane 
Okay. Understood. Congratulations once again, and thank you.  
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Participants are kindly requested to ask two questions in the initial round and may join the 
queue for more questions. The next question comes from Upendra from Wallfort PMS. Please go ahead. 
=== PAGE 10 ===
9 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
Upendra Gadiya 
Hello? Able to hear me? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Yes, please. Please go ahead. 
 
Upendra Gadiya 
Hi, Sanjay. Firstly, I wanted to know since you have told that the U.S. market, the tariff issues and all were 
there, but the Indian market itself has such a huge demand, but why we were not able to scale up since 
we are in the business, as you have told, for the last 60-70 years? I think for the line of demand, which is 
already there in India, why we were not able to scale up, since your order book is not more than three 
months anyhow? Like, for the past one year, we've not been able to scale up our top line or the bottom 
line. So why there was a -- was it an issue of acceptance, or what was it actually? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Okay. Let me just clarify to you. Scaling up being the question in the first part. Scaling up is exactly what 
Paramount has done in this year.  
 
We were on the way to do a very large volume out of the U.S. market. Suddenly, we found that the tariffs 
had come in, and we had to divert a huge portion of our expected revenues to the domestic market, which 
we successfully we were able to do. This is not the first time this similar situation was there, two years 
back also, just in FY24, when from a INR 400 crore revenue in FY23, the U.S. revenues went down to INR 
280 crore. 
 
That means the 30% reduction in the U. S. volume. We were able to double our domestic revenues in that 
year from INR 400 crores to INR 800 crores. Similar situation happened this year. This was, of course, not 
just a reduction in demand. This was like a huge, huge shock to the system. It was a huge shock to the 
company, with such large tariffs being introduced.  
 
No business has such margins as to absorb 50% tariffs overnight, which we have done and still ended the 
year with a profit, because we were able to scale up our requirement from the domestic market. And 
what really matters is that the company, which should have been expected to go into a loss, and we 
ourselves were afraid that we might go into a loss for this year, we were able to end the year with not so 
bad of a profit number.  
 
So, I think we have every reason to be very happy and satisfied with what we achieved. In fact, this proves 
the resilience of our company. There are very few companies, who are able to change their market 
segments so fast and still grow. And we have still grown this year, again, at nearly 20%.  
 
=== PAGE 11 ===
10 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
I'll just add to this, the start it all. In Q4, we achieved a top line of INR 573 crores with around 85% mix 
from domestic business, and this was largely power cables and the institutional cable sales. So, we were 
definitely able to scale up. Only, obviously, it takes little bit of time, but the biggest problem is capacity. 
 
You see, for the past four years, practically, Paramount has been running on maximum capacity. Our only 
constraint for the [inaudible 0:26:57] has been the production capacity that we have. We have invested, 
INR 50-55 crores practically every year over the past three years. And every month, as we install 
machinery, we add our capacity and we use that capacity. That is the way we have grown. So, the question 
is what our demand has not been working for any demand anywhere throughout this period. What we 
have been wanting is capacity. 
 
We have now kept on, once we have the money in our hands, we have the funding in our hands, we are 
adding capacity and whatever capacity we are adding, that is more or less fully utilized. So, every year, 
when you look at what we have done, I can say that we have been fully utilizing our capacity each of those 
years. 
 
Parth Aggarwal 
And just to add that Narmadapuram greenfield project is primarily directed towards domestic demand. 
Thank you.  
 
Upendra Gadiya 
Lovely. Secondly, just wanted to know, regarding the trade receivables, which have short of almost to 
double, I think it'd be almost become 2X in comparison to last year. So where do we see it stabilizing and 
what is the guidance for the next year in terms of trade receivables?  
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
You see, firstly, the increase in receivables at the close of FY26 reflects an unusually weighted dispatch 
item in Q4 FY26, and this is not a deterioration in collection quality. On the Q4 sales of approximately INR 
573 crore, more than 65% were dispatched in the second half of Q4, which was all lumped up towards the 
end of Q4. Realization since then has been received. The recovery has been pretty strong, with more than 
three quarters of this amount having already been recovered.  
 
So, we therefore expect this working capital position to normalize its run rate -- working capital overall 
still is not in a bad shape. It's just the receivables, which look to have gone up very, very high. But this has 
been normalized, and it will be normalized within this quarter itself.  
 
Upendra Gadiya 
Lovely, okay.  
 
=== PAGE 12 ===
11 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
Sanjay Aggarwal 
[inaudible 0:29:08] let me just completely. If you look at the working capital cycle, FY25 overall, we close 
the year at 99 days. In FY26, it is now 101 days. So, the cycle overall has gone up only by two days, which 
means that we have been able to compress our creditors and stocks in proportion to the receivables that 
have gone up. And you see, almost every -- for the past three years, the sort of CAGR we have in our sales 
volumes, had we not been trying to improve our working capital efficiency every year, it would have been 
very difficult for us to raise the working capital in any case.  
 
Upendra Gadiya 
Nice.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Jaideep Sampat, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Jaideep Sampat 
Congratulations, team Paramount, for posting a very, wonderful results. Sir, just a follow-up on the earlier 
participant question regarding the trade receivable, which in Q4, you said, sir, with it has not been 
received. But what is the situation currently, means that has been declared. Was it because only of March 
ending? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
You see, it was all lumped up towards the March ending. You know, what happens many times is that lots 
of customers' say that there are LCs and so many things, because we don't encourage too much of credit 
in any case. But despite that, if your LCs get time in getting clear and whatever, ultimately, customer wants 
everything by the end of the quarter. So, what happens is that every year this happens, but this year it 
happens a bit more for us. And you have to keep in mind that we had to very suddenly shift our focus 
more towards domestic from the export market.  
 
So, there were really constraints, but all this increase in this receivables, we have been able to do more 
than three-fourth, as I said, has been received already. 
 
Jaideep Sampat 
You mean in the first quarter of current year? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Yes. In the first quarter of the current year, by 15th of May, we've already received three-fourth of that 
amount.  
 
=== PAGE 13 ===
12 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
Jaideep Sampat 
Okay. So, the trade receivable as on date would be approximately, sir? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
If don't see the cash number, I don't make an offer, and guess I would like to check. But, let me just assure 
you again. What is really interesting number is that my total working capital cycle has gone up from only 
99 to 101, whereas we find such an alarming increase, so called increase, in the receivables. So that tells 
you that we have compensated for the receiving the increase in receivables on other terms, right? 
 
Jaideep Sampat 
Okay. 
 
S.K. Aggarwal 
See, I’m S.K. Aggarwal, CFO. One more thing is here. See, all the dispatches -- mostly of the dispatches are 
against LC. So as such, it is not a kind of unsecured debt or like this. And you can understand, yeah, as the 
LC matures or discounting done, in the current quarter already -- this one and a half month already -- we 
have realized the majority of that.  
 
Jaideep Sampat 
Okay. So, there is no chance of any like that. 
 
S.K. Aggarwal 
Okay.  
 
Jaideep Sampat 
Okay. Sir, my second question is on the margin front. We said in the new plant, we are expecting 9-10% 
margins. I assume that was EBITDA margin we are talking about. 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Sure. 
 
Jaideep Sampat 
Yeah. So over the next two, three years, company has overall what you feel -- where we can take currently 
our margin is at 6%. So overall, what we can look forward, especially considering the raw material price 
and whether we are able to pass on to our customers, the increase in the raw material. 
 
=== PAGE 14 ===
13 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
Sanjay Aggarwal 
You see the first milestone that we have to reach is to exceed or rather reach the sort of EBITDA margin 
that we were having for FY25. FY26, we all agree was a disaster. Despite that, we are very happy with 
whatever results we have achieved. But the first milestone is to get back to FY25 levels. And thereafter, 
to progressively keep increasing the margins, there are going to be four, five major drivers for the increase 
in our profitability that we see over the years.  
 
Number one is that we expect the product range, the new products that we are introducing to help us 
improve our margins. Number two is the recovery in the U.S. market, which is, of course, very important 
because most of the last year, we have been put to a huge competitive disadvantage against the other 
countries like Vietnam, like South Korea, like Cambodia, like Ecuador or Egypt. All of these countries are 
having a huge competitive advantage over us. Now that we are going to have the same level field, we are 
going to be back in the same position there that we were FY25 or FY24. 
 
So that by itself should help us improve our margins substantially from the very dismal levels that we had 
to go into this year. The demand for the power structure is, of course, it’s continuously growing, of course, 
and we are seeing a very strong demand in addition from the renewable energy, data centers, and these 
segments, which again should be of very great help to us to improve our market positioning. The other 
part is that as our volumes grow, we there is a certain amount of increase in margins that were achieved 
as a direct consequence of growing. Now, we have grown every year from the last four years, and most 
of it was consolidating, but now, we are going to a level where the incremental increase in our revenues 
are also going to help our market.  
 
The new products, I would like to mention again, the new products that we are working on are definitely 
going to help us, you know, have some better margins, whether in terms of the technology or in terms of 
the possibility of competition for that particular some of these products. 
 
Jaideep Sampat 
Okay. So, you believe this FY27 will be able to return to FY25 margin, sir? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
That is the first milestone, as I said. We do rather hope to do better, because if a patient like, for example, 
as I some setback, first thing is to get back on your feet, right? And we are very confident that we'll be 
back on our feet to the FY25 levels, surely. So, look, there's no reason now for us to be looking back.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. Participants have kindly requested to ask two questions in the initial round and may join 
the queue for more questions. The next question comes from Kunal Mehta from Incred. Please go ahead. 
 
 
 
=== PAGE 15 ===
14 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
Kunal Mehta 
Yeah. Hi, sir. I think most of the questions have been answered, but I just have one question. As we add 
more and more complex and high-margin products, as you mentioned, like, for instance, you said data 
centers and, you know, in the EHV power cables transmission. So, I think for EHV, the lead time for delivery 
will increase to beyond five to six months, am I correct? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
You see, capacities are also increasing. Demand is increasing, capacities are increasing, and I think both of 
these are moving in a higher trajectory. Hopefully, one would like longer and longer lead periods to feel 
more comfortable. But I think more or less, it's just going to be, hopefully, good demand scenario for your 
industry.  
 
Kunal Mehta 
Yeah. So in that case, how would even the pricing of raw material be, will it be like a price variation clause, 
or will it be a fixed price, or there'll be some kind of a threshold? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
You see, we as a policy, our company for the last time, I think, more than 15 years, has never encouraged 
long-delivery firm-price orders. A long-delivery firm-price order is what we consider a huge risk that no 
company should indulge in. We do not take pride in very big order books, we don't. We typically have 
three to four months of order book for some products.  
 
Sometimes we accept. If we are getting variable price orders, we are fine. We are happy with it. And then 
we can ask for longer delivery. But as far as firm-price orders go, we take three to four months delivery, 
and the very next working day of receiving the order, we book our metal. That's the way we like to operate. 
And we believe the EHV business will be in line with this policy itself.  
 
Kunal Mehta 
Sure. 
 
Sanjay Agarwal 
And there is one more thing that's interesting, which is the move towards more and more customers 
accepting price variation formulas, which we earlier were existing. So, if a customer is accepting a price 
variation formula, then it’s comfortable for us.  
 
Kunal Mehta 
Okay. And so, the new facility that's coming in Narmadapuram, will that manufacture all of our current 
products or only some specialized or higher margin products? 
 
=== PAGE 16 ===
15 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
Sanjay Aggarwal 
You see, it will be mainly different products in Narmadapuram. Some products might be common, but 
more or less, the idea is to make some special products and some of those for example, EHV guidance, 
which we are not making in our current plants. So those will be manufacturing in our model. Some new 
products that we are very sure that we have the technology and we find the market to be good for those. 
Those will be introduced.  
 
Kunal Mehta 
Any approve –  
 
Parth Aggarwal 
I'll just talk about this. So, the capacity that we are putting up in Narmadapuram, they can also 
manufacture the 33 kV cable that we are already doing. So, for the initial year, when we are getting the 
approvals and setting up our customer base for the EHV cables, we will be doing the 33 kV cable 
production. And then within the year, we'll be moving towards the 66 and 132.  
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Because it's suitable with the 33& 11 kV cables with capacity.  
 
Kunal Mehta 
Yeah. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. 
 
Sanjay Agarwal 
The approval is also we expect for this product by FY28.  
 
Kunal Mehta 
Sure.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Prathamesh Sawant from Abbakus Wealth Management. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Prathamesh Sawant 
Hello, sir. Am I audibile? 
=== PAGE 17 ===
16 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Yes, please go ahead.  
 
Prathamesh Sawant 
Yes. Congratulations for the good set of numbers. My first question is, how do you see the ramp up of the 
U.S. operations progressing now that the uncertainty around the U.S. tariffs have been eased? And what 
are your expectations for the margin recovery going forward? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
You see, number one, as I said, that we have been the largest exporter to the U.S., so we from India, so 
we definitely are looking forward to the revived competitive position for India, and thereby meaning that 
we should be looking at some good export numbers. Although there has been some setback in the -- we 
have been finding the demand to be a bit tepid because of impact of these huge tariff that have been 
coming and going and causing so much uncertainty and chaos in the U.S. market itself. But again, that 
situation is stabilizing. And we are expecting that Q2 onwards, actually, we should be seeing a very good 
demand pull out of the U.S. So, I think that should be a strong pillar for our revenues in our business during 
this current financial year.  
 
Prathamesh Sawant 
Okay, sir. So, like, what would be your outlook on the U.S. And basically, the Indian retail and the U. S. 
retail business? So, what would be your key strategies that you are planning to drive growth and 
profitability in these markets? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Okay. Your voice is breaking a bit, but from what I understand, you want to basically know as to what all 
we intend or plan to do in the U.S. market, right? 
 
Prathamesh Sawant 
Yeah, correct. 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Okay. So let me tell you, the U.S. market, firstly, if you look at their electricity infrastructure, it is not a first 
world infrastructure anymore. It's in a very bad shape already. And in the past one year, the demand for 
data centers, the situation that it’s turning into a huge, huge underinvestment existing into the U.S. 
electrical infrastructure. The minimum spend that I get from various estimates that I read about is a trillion 
dollars over the next few years that they need to put into their grid, into their electrical generation and 
distribution systems. 
 
=== PAGE 18 ===
17 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
Now, looking at those numbers, we are pretty small stuff. But whatever it is, when such money is being 
spent, that means a huge boost in the demand. And for players like this, even though we might not be 
very big in the U.S. size stakes, but we have an established name in the U.S. market. We have an 
established quality in the U.S. market. We have an established acceptance in the U.S. market, which we 
all know is the largest market in the world for wires and cables.  
Secondly, we are also planning to increase our range of offerings in the U.S. market, which we are 
currently also working on. We are introducing one or two new products into the U.S. market by next 
quarter itself, one product at least and maybe two. And this process is going to continue. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Anjali from Taurus Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
 
Anjali 
Hello. Am I audible?  
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Yeah. 
 
Anjali 
Okay. Just have few questions. I wanted to know what capacity utilization by your plants operated in FY26. 
And we see you have done a Capex of INR 50 CR in FY26. So, was that for the new plant that is coming in 
Madhya Pradesh, or was it somebody making activity for your current plants? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
All right. Okay. You see, as I mentioned, we have spent over INR 160 crore over the past three years here 
as Capex in the two existing plants. So, this year, INR 50 crore Capex was also in the two existing plants. 
And capacity utilization, which you were asking, you see for the past three years or four years, I have 
mentioned that we have been practically squeezing out every possible meter of cable that we can out of 
our plant. 
 
So whatever Capex we are doing is adding to our capacity and is adding to our revenue practically every 
year. So whatever Capex we do throughout the year, it practically gives us additional revenue the day that 
machine starts working. And we can honestly say that both our factories have been work in progress 
throughout these three, four years continuously. So that's what we are doing. And now that we realize 
that our space constraint has really cropped up, we can't really do much more in these two plants. That's 
why it was important for us to set up the new greenfield project at the Narmadapuram. 
 
Anjali 
Right, sir. So, this new Capex will be working at same asset turns as our previous capacity? 
=== PAGE 19 ===
18 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
Sanjay Aggarwal 
You see, for a new greenfield project, I think asset turns is slightly more patient task, I would say. For 
example, first, overall, we are looking at spending some INR 300 crores over this project, and we should 
be getting some revenues of around INR 1,200 crores, which is our estimate. INR 1,200 crores, we hope 
to achieve by FY29. But that would make it only 4 times asset turns of the investment of INR 1,200 crores 
versus INR 300 crores. But you see, the next INR 200-300 crores that we spend on the same site in Phase 
2, that is going to give us a much higher asset turns.  
 
Because ultimately, in the first phase, you are developing the infrastructure, you are giving all the basic 
things. Those then you'll get utilized even for your expansion. So, in the first phase, yes, the asset turn is 
four, but we hope to do the -- overall, we should be looking at something like around six and a half, seven 
and a half for the second phase.  
 
Anjali 
Okay. Just one more question. What do you believe after this greenfield plant in Madhya Pradesh, your 
optimum margins would be? Because you said you're going in specialty wires also. So, what do you think 
would be the optimum margins look like? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
You see, we are looking at double-digit margins within the next three to four years at the minimum. Of 
course, we hope to do better, but this is the minimum that we expect to achieve from the Narmadapuram 
plant, I think we should be starting at around between 9-10%. And as the plant becomes more efficient, 
we should be getting some better market.  
 
Anjali 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you, ma'am. The next question comes from Nikhil Kanodia from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Nikhil Kanodia 
Good evening, sir. Am I audible?  
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Yeah. 
=== PAGE 20 ===
19 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
 
Nikhil Kanodia 
Yeah. So firstly, congratulations on showing good numbers, giving some good tailwinds for after Q4 
numbers about the demand scenario. So, I have two questions for you. So given the war situation, are we 
looking at any opportunities in the Middle East market or any other market other than the -- your home 
ground, which is USA, say maybe Europe or some other markets? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Let me share with you, Paramount has been exploding to more than 35 countries historically for the past 
more than decades, like 20-30 years. So, it's simply when the U.S. market came about and the demand 
was so huge, and we realized that either I can cater to these small, small markets, and every market has 
its own demands on your setup on the way your plant is configured and everything. So, either you service 
those small, small clients or you look at the biggest market. So, after we -- sort of pressure U.S. was having 
on us, by FY23, more or less, we decided that we should, for a period at least, stop servicing other 
countries.  
 
Now, that our capacity for the U.S. is stabilizing and we are getting more and more comfortable, we are 
again started working on the other countries also. But let me again say that the effort that we are going 
to make will be, of course, there. We have to understand that all of these markets are going to be 
opportunistic markets, which we were doing in the past also and which I can say from looking at my 
competitors' exports also. So, these are the markets which give you patchy and sort of demands and 
results. You have to be there in 10, 20 places and maybe get a chance somewhere today, somewhere else 
tomorrow.  
 
And that's what the model is, and that's what we do also want to do, and we will continue to do. But U.S., 
of course, will remain the top priority because, as I said, it is the largest market in the world. Nothing of 
the estimate.  
 
Nikhil Kanodia 
Sir, can Middle East be a bigger market for you given the need for a new one in for the replacement 
demand that is going to come up after the water is kind of done away with in that sense? So, can Middle 
East be a big market for you? 
 
Parth Aggarwal 
I'll take that, part. Yes, it will be a focus area for the company in the coming quarters. As things stabilize, 
we will be looking at these markets, which is Middle East, European, and Australian markets, which India 
today is a good position to be in, and African markets as well. So, we will be looking at all of them. And, 
yes, Middle East is going to give us good traction to the Indian opportunity.  
 
=== PAGE 21 ===
20 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
Nikhil Kanodia 
Okay, sir.  
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Siddharth Shah from MK Ventures. Please go ahead.  
 
Siddharth Shah 
Yeah. Thank you, sir, for the opportunity, and congratulations on great set of numbers. You explained that 
-- no, U.S. is expected to make very substantial investments in their transmission and distribution 
networks as well as in data centers. And you expect your U.S. business to normalize very soon. And then 
over next two years, your Capex will come on stream and you have given guidance for that also, what kind 
of revenues and margins you're expecting there. So, sir, my question is, can you give a, say, slightly longer-
term aspirational guidance in the next three years or next five years?  
 
Where do you see the overall scale of business from the existing capacity as well as upcoming capacity? 
Where do you see the revenues and margins stabilizing in the next three years before you take up the 
next phase of growth?  
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
You see, what we are looking at, you know, is the vision is that in the next five years, we should touch INR 
5,000 crores. That we would say is the basic point. This is what we are aiming at. This is, I think is what 
Paramount will strive to do. To reach there every three to four years, we have to double.  
 
We have been doing that in the past three, four years. We have done that already and we should continue 
to do that. Basically, this is the point. As far as margins are concerned, let us be honest, they are always a 
function to an extent of the way markets are, the sort of demand supply scenario that exists. And we 
should hope that once we are reaching a certain size, our profitability and margins should be in range with 
our peer group.  
 
Siddharth Shah 
Right, sir. But just from the existing capacity and the Narmadapuram expansion, where should we reach 
in terms of peak revenues? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
You see, with Narmadapuram and the existing capacities, maybe we could touch some, you know, from 
the Phase 1, I think from Phase 1, we should be able to touch around INR 3600-4000 crores. The second 
phase that we'll invest, that'll give us a capacity at least considerably more than INR 5,000 crores.  
 
=== PAGE 22 ===
21 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
Siddharth Shah 
Sure, sir. Thank you, and all the best.  
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Thank you so much. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Hiten Boricha from Sequent Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Hiten Boricha 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. Sir, my question is on the recent equated dilution, which has 
happened. So, our current net debt to equity is very low. So, sir, any specific reason why we raised this 
one? We can also go for a debt via banking system. So, if you can share some colour on that, sir. 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
You see, I think if you look at what equity we are raising, I think there is just a very modest part of the 
overall investment that's being made. Out of the overall project of INR 300 crores, around INR 122 crores 
out of this INR 30 crore, of course, the promoters we ourselves are putting in, INR 92 crores all is coming 
from investors. And in addition to that, we will be getting -- we'll be having our internal accruals, and there 
will be some modest amount of debt. But on top of that, we have to also understand that this is going to 
be an increase in the working capital requirement. That also is going to be raised from the banking system 
of, you know, practically. 
 
And currently, our debt equity ratio is very, very low, almost negligible. Total debt today is only against 
working capital limits of around INR 110 crores. That's it. So, this equity is not really a dilution as such. It's 
just something which makes the total mix of investments into a more, rightly diverse mix, I would say.  
 
Hiten Boricha 
Yeah. Understood. And sir, just a clarification. So, this INR 300 crore investment which we are doing, so 
you mentioned this INR 5,000 crores will be reaching. This is our aim for INR 5,000 crores in next five years. 
This includes Phase1 and Phase 2, right? 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Yes. Because this Phase 1 investment probably, we won't have the INR 5,000 crores capacity unless the 
raw material prices certainly shoot up. And so, we should be looking at investing further in the Phase 2 of 
the project. 
 
Hiten Boricha 
Okay. Understood.  
=== PAGE 23 ===
22 
Paramount Communications Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  25.05.2026  
Sanjay Aggarwal 
Thank you so much. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you, sir. That would be the last question for the day. Now, I hand over the floor to Mr. Sanjay 
Aggarwal for closing comments. 
 
Sanjay Aggarwal 
I think this has been a very, I would say, useful interaction today. And I think the way, the capital market 
experts like you ask questions also, ends up teaching us who, you know, just remain in our own particular 
things to be a bit more sensitive to what the capital markets expect from a company. So, it's been a very 
useful interaction. And if I have not been able to, rather our team has not been able to fully clarify your 
questions, we'll still be happy to do that individually offline. That's not a problem. Thank you so much. 
Really, really, very happy for the interaction today. Thank you.  
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for 
using this Door Sabha’s conference call service. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank you, and have 
a pleasant evening.  
 
 
 
Note:                   1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
                             2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
 