
=== PAGE 1 ===
 
 
  
   
 
www.stl.tech 
 
Sterlite Technologies Limited 
Registered office: 4th Floor, Godrej Millennium, Koregaon Road 9, STS 12/1, Pune, Maharashtra- 411 001, India.                                 
CIN - L31300PN2000PLC202408 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)    
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip ID - STLTECH 
 
BSE Limited 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
 
Scrip Code - 532374 
Sub.:  TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CALL - FINANCIAL RESULTS Q4FY26  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In furtherance of our letter dated April 21, 2026, please find enclosed transcript of earnings call held on  
April 29, 2026 in respect of Company’s Q4 FY26 financial results. 
 
The same is also being hosted on the website of the Company and is available under the tab ‘FINANCIAL 
RESULTS- INVESTOR EARNINGS TRANSCRIPT’ drop down available at  https://stl.tech/wp-
content/uploads/2026/05/Sterlite-Technologies-Limited-Q4FY26-Earnings-call-transcript.pdf.  
 
Kindly take this on record and acknowledge the same. Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sterlite Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Mrunal Asawadekar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A 24346 
 
Encl.: As above. 
=== PAGE 2 ===
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Sterlite Technologies Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
                         
 
MANAGEMENT: M R. ANKIT AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
STERLITE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 M R. AJAY JHANJHARI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
STERLITE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
 

=== PAGE 3 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sterlite Technologies 
Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. Before we proceed with the call, 
let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-looking statements 
that may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It 
must be viewed in conjunction with our business risks that could cause future 
results, performance or achievements to differ significantly from what is 
expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. 
 Please note that we have uploaded the results and earnings call presentation 
on STL's website and the same is available on the exchange. In case, you 
have not received the same, you can write to us, and we'll be happy to send 
the same to you. To take us through the results and answer your questions 
today, we have the senior management of Sterlite Technologies Limited, 
represented by Mr. Ankit Agarwal, the Managing Director; and Mr. Ajay 
Jhanjhari, Chief Financial Officer. 
We will start the call with a brief overvi ew of the quarter gone past and then 
conduct the Q&A session. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will 
now hand over the call to Mr. Ankit. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ankit Agarwal: Yes. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining STL's Q4 and FY26 
earnings call. I'll begin by highlighting the key takeaways from our Investor 
Presentation, and then Ajay will walk you through the financials.  
                                       STL is a global leader in digital connectivity infrastructure, serving telcos, data 
centers, citizen networks and large enterprises. Our portfolio spans fiber to 
fiber optic cables, specialty cables and connectivity products. We are India's 
No. 1 end-to-end optical manufacturer with over 8% global optical fiber cable 
market outside of China.And with more than 30-plus years of leadership, close 
to almost 800 patents and 10+ zero waste manufacturing facilities worldwide. 
STL is truly leading the next wave of global digital infrastructure.  
                                       At STL, we are amongst very few companies in the world that have mastered 
the journey from Glass to Gigabit. It starts with the pure st grade of silicon, 
which we transform through advanced processes like silicon tetrachloride 
formation, chemical vapor deposition an d high-precision sintering to create 
=== PAGE 4 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
ultra-pure glass preforms, which is truly the backbone of optical fiber around 
the world. 
 From there, we draw the highest-grade fiber, design high-density cables and 
develop reliable connectivity products that power data centers and telecom 
networks around the world. This full-stack integration right from raw material to 
network deployment gives STL a unique edge in quality, cost efficiency and 
innovation across the connectivity value chain. 
 This deep integration enables us to engineer next-generation fiber cable and 
connectivity solutions that are redefining global connectivity. Our end-to-end 
innovation from material science to smart optical systems, help global network 
builders create faster, denser and more reliable networks for the AI era. 
 As we look forward to FY27, our priorities are defined. We are focused on 
expanding our OFC market share while meaningfully increasing connectivity 
attach rates across deployments. At the same time, we aim to scale the 
contribution from our enterprise and data center segments, underpinned by 
continued technology leadership and a relentless focus on cost optimization. 
 Moving on, we will now speak about the industry tailwinds and the growing 
market opportunity. We are at the intersection of three powerful multi-year 
investment cycles. FTTx, data centers and 5G, are creating a strong structural 
tailwind for the optical in frastructure. FTTx is acce lerating globally with 
deployments rising from 151 million fiber kilometers in 2025, going up to 170 
million fiber kilometers by 2030. 
Just in the U.S. alone,  over 100 million homes will be served by fiber 2030, 
supported by large government projects  like BEAD and BharatNet in India. 
Data centers are simply the fastest-growing driver for fiber demand. CRU 
projects that 40% of global growth in optical cable demand from data centers 
in 2026 alone, driven by hyperscale expansion and AI workloads. North 
America installed DC capacity is expected to more than double from 60 
gigawatts in 2025 to almost 115 gigawatts by 2030. 
Hyperscalers DC capex is expected to increase to a whopping $762 billion. 5G 
is scaling rapidly with 6.4 billion subscr iptions expected to grow by 2030 and 
carrying 80% of all mobile traffic. This requires massive fiber backhaul, 
fronthaul and network densification across the board. Together, these three 
cycles are creating a structural multiyear demand tailwind for fiber and 
=== PAGE 5 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
connectivity, positioning STL at the center of next global digital infrastructure 
buildout. 
 Next, we show how global telecom and big tech giants are aligned in backing 
optical fiber as a base of digital future across 5G broadband data centers and 
AI infrastructure. The takeaway is very simple: Fiber remains at the backbone 
of all the digital infrastructure. 
 Moving on to Slide 7 shows how the AI revolution and rapid data center 
expansion are creating once-in-a-generation opportunity for optical 
connectivity. As per sources by 2030, nearly 70% of data center demand will 
be AI-led, driving a sharp increase in capex and infrastructure intensity. 
 GPU architectures are rapidly shifting from 400-gig to 800-gig and all the way 
to 1.6-Terabit, speeds where copper reaches this bandwidth threshold and 
fiber becomes essential. Simultaneously, AI workloads are creating dense fiber 
interconnections, exponentially increasing fiber per rack and every new data 
center adds multiplies this demand. This is not just a matter of scale. It's a step 
change in fiber intensity. 
 With our Neuralis end-to-end AI-DC portfolio, STL is uniquely positioned to 
capture this multiyear structural growth opportunity. We will cover Neuralis in 
more detail in the upcoming slides. 
 I'll now address India's data center movement. India data center expansion is 
emerging as one of the most compelling structural tailwinds of optical fiber, and 
we are uniquely positioned to capture it. You would have read recently in news 
about the tremendous updates in Vizag as well. 
 Installed capacity is set to grow to 5x from 1.4 gigawatts in 2025 to 8 gigawatts 
by 2030. What makes this cycle particularly powerful is the breadth of 
commitment that hyperscalers like Google and Microsoft are deploying tens of 
billions of dollars. Indian conglomerates like Adani and Reliance are anchoring 
gigawatt campuses, and even domestic majors like TCS are laying out long-
term capacity plans. 
 This is a diversified and resilient demand base. A supportive policy 
environment, state incentives, power availability and benefits and tax holidays 
extending 2047 is further derisking and accelerating the build-out. Every dollar 
of data center capex has a direct multiplier of fiber intensity across DCI, metro 
and long-haul networks with optical cable demand projected to grow at 11% 
=== PAGE 6 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
CAGR through 2030. This is not a cyclical uptick. It is a du rable high visibility 
growth opportunity playing out right here in our home market in India. 
 According to CRU, global optical cable demand growth for 2026 has been 
upgraded to about 6.8% year-on-year, following stabilization in 2025, led by 
mainly the North America's data center build-out and improved execution in 
China. Importantly, demand is now consistently outpacing domestic supply in 
North America, keeping the lead times tight. 
 Looking ahead, North America is set to be the main growth engine powered by 
AI-led data centers, DCI builds an d the continued FTTH expansion. CRU 
expects it to deliver the strongest regional CAGR of 15% all the way to 2030. 
 Overall, this points to sustained multi-up cycle in fiber demand with North 
America and APAC ex-China, both core STL focused market driver growth. We 
are also seeing positive momentum in India, Southeast Asia and parts of 
Europe, which are closely aligned with our stated strategy. 
 We are successfully seizing new market opportunities, a trend that is clearly 
visible in our record order book intake this year. In FY26, order inflows more 
than doubled to INR 7,687 crores, up 109% year-on-year as compared to INR 
3,672 crores in FY25. 
 This momentum has been driven by a series of strategic wins, including large-
scale data-center projects, predominantly in North America and long-term 
orders, which were secured from Tier 1 telecom operators in India. Importantly, 
our order book today is well diversified with a healthy mix of order intakes from 
all customer segments and product categories across regions. 
 Our innovation, as we have always stat ed, continues to be a key differentiator 
for STL. And this quarter, we made strong progress across next-generation 
optical and data-center technologies. The launch of India's first Hollow Core 
Fiber (HCF) cable marks a defining milestone in STL's innovation journey and 
reinforces our leadership in AI-ready digital infrastructure. This breakthrough 
enables ultra-low latency and high bandwidth connectivity critical for 
hyperscalers and next-generation data centers. 
 As for current data, the Hollow Core Fiber is expected to reduce the latency 
between 35% to 40% in the network, which will be a huge breakthrough. As 
some of you may have seen, STL launched Neuralis, our flagship AI-Era data 
=== PAGE 7 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
center connectivity portfolio in the U.S. at Data Center World 2026. I will cover 
about that in detail in the next slide. 
 Our innovation engine is backed by deep IP portfolio of over 780 patents with 
21 new filings this quarter and has been recognized through multiple global 
awards. Overall, these advancements reinforce our position as a technology 
leader, building future-ready capabilities that align closely with AI cloud and 
high-performance network demands. 
 Slide 17 presents our latest launch of Neuralis, which is our purpose-built 
portfolio for the AI-Era of data centers. It addresses two mission-critical needs, 
AI Whitespace connectivity and high-speed DCI, where fiber density, speed 
and simplicity matter the most. With pre-terminated fiber trunks, high-density 
arrays, Celesta IBR cable scaling up to close to 7,000 fibers and intelligent 
enclosures, Neuralis enables faster deployment and massive GPU clustering. 
 Leveraging STL's full integration from glass preform to pre-terminate 
assemblies, Neuralis reduces deployment complexity and accelerates time to 
service, which is critical for data centers. Supported by local manufacturing in 
South Carolina, this launch strengthens our position within U.S. hyperscalers 
as well as the upcoming neo cloud providers. 
 Slide 18 highlights STL leadership in Multi-Core  Fiber, key enabled for 
quantum-safe as well as multi-terabit networks. Multi-Core Fiber allows 
between 4x to 7x higher capacity within the same physical footprint, improving 
space efficiency while lowering deployment infrastructure costs, making it ideal 
for AI-driven data center, long-haul 5G networks, and high-performance 
interconnects. 
 We have shown strong capability, enabling India's first quantum key 
distribution over multi-core, completing live 100-kilometer testing and 
becoming the first globally to deploy MCF in both aerial and underground 
networks, further validated by our latest successful trials with Colt, a leading 
operator in the U.K. Overall, this positions STL as the forefront of quantum-
safe next-generation optical networks with strong relevance for global 
hyperscalers and carriers. 
 As a continuation from our previous call, we have made successful progress 
on our two next-generation fiber platforms, 654E as well as Hollow Core Fiber, 
both designed to address the rapidly evolving requirements of modern 
connectivity network. Since then, 654E has been successfully launched and 
=== PAGE 8 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
also secured our first commercial order, validating strong customer interest 
with a 30% lower signal loss, larger core, which will enable higher power ultra 
capacity DWDM DCI applications. 
 In parallel, we have launched India's first Hollow Core Fiber, as I mentioned, 
cable with a true step change technology with light travel through an air-filled 
core delivering 30% to 47% lower latency with supporting bandwidth from 800-
gig to 106-Terabit and beyond. Together, these platforms significantly 
strengthen STL's leadership in high-performance optical networks and position 
us to be a select group of global players shaping the future of fast, low latency 
AI infrastructure. 
 On market position and attach rate trends, our global ex-China OFC market 
share remained stable at around 8% in FY26, demonstrating resilient execution 
in a challenging environment marked by U.S. tariff impacts and germanium 
constraints that we spoke about earlier. 
 We remain focused on steadily building our share over time. In optical 
connectivity, attach rates moderated to 15% from FY26 from 22% in FY25. 
This was primarily driven by product mix and project timing, along with sharp 
acceleration of the OFC revenues, leading to a higher base. 
 The moderation is temporary and the long-term opportunity of connectivity 
remains very strong. Our connectivity is expanding, and we are increasingly 
focusing on selling integrated solutions rather than stand-alone products. 
Taken together, this shows that our core OFC business is stable, while there 
is a clear runway to drive higher value through attaching long growth over the 
medium term. I will now hand over to Ajay to take you through the financials. 
Ajay Jhanjhari: Thank you, Ankit, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I'll take you 
through the key financial highlights for Q4 and FY26. STL delivered a strong 
Q4 finish and solid full year performance. Q4 FY26 revenue stood at INR 1,441 
crores, reflecting strong 37% year-on-year growth momentum. EBITDA 
margins expanded to 15.1%, supported by scale benefits and better product 
mix. 
For the full year, revenue increased to INR 4,745 crores, with EBITDA rising to 
INR 628 crores, a 39% year-on-year growth with margin improving to 13.2%. 
PAT also turned positive in Q4 and for the full year, reflecting improved 
profitability and execution. Overall, the performance reflects our focus on 
disciplined growth, margin expansion and stronger bottom line outcomes. 
=== PAGE 9 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
 As you can see in Slide 25, despite a challenging external environment, we 
have delivered consistent operational margin expansion over the last six 
quarters. Operational EBITDA improved to 15.1% in Q4 FY26, driven by higher 
utilization, a stronger product mix and operating leverage. 
 While U.S. tariff headwinds have meaningfully moderated from peak levels, 
adding margins, we are seeing new near-term cost pressures from geopolitical 
disruption driven by war in West Asia, particularly impacting helium and 
polymer inputs. Despite these headwinds, our structural margin profile 
continues to expand in line with our guidance of 20% at reported level by end 
of the current fiscal. 
 On segment side, Telecom and Citizen Networks remains the core 
contributors, while enterprise and data centers moderated to 19% in FY26, 
primarily due to decline in our copper business because of higher LME prices. 
 Looking ahead, with accelerating AI data center investments and pipeline 
visibility, we expect the Enterprise and Data Center segment to scale up to 
30% of revenues in the current fiscal. From a geographic standpoint, our 
revenue mix continues to diversify. North America share increased from 25% 
in FY25 to 39% in FY26, while Europe remains a significant contributor at 40%. 
This balanced regional footprint reduces concentration risk and positions us 
well to capture growth across key global markets. 
 Moving to the order book. We have seen strong momentum this fiscal. Our 
open order book stood at INR 7,309 crores in FY26, up 67% from INR 4,378 
crores in FY25, reflecting healthy order inflows and strong market confidence. 
Of this, INR 1,468 crores are slated for execution in Q1 FY27, while the 
remaining order is scheduled for execution over Q2 FY27 and beyond. This 
robust order pipeline provides strong revenue visibility and reinforces our 
growth outlook for the year. 
 On Slide 28, we have shared abridged snapshot of our reported numbers for 
your reference. Net debt stands at INR 1,128 crores with debt to equity of 0.5x 
and net debt to EBITDA at 1.3x, comfortably below our earlier target of 2x with 
a revised ambition of moving below 1.2x. 
 Turning to our IT services business, STL Digital for FY26. Digital revenue 
closed at INR 284 crores compared to INR290 crores last year, while EBITDA 
improved meaningfully to INR 3 crores, reversing a loss position in FY25. This 
demonstrates our clear focus on sustained profitable growth rather than scale 
=== PAGE 10 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
at any cost. In Q4, we added a new U.K.-based health care client expanding 
our footprint in data engineering, analytics and product services. With nine new 
customer logos added in FY26, our total customer base now stands at 35. 
 With this now, I hand it over back to Ankit for updates on our social 
responsibility initiatives and closing remarks. 
Ankit Agarwal: Thank you, Ajay. STL CSR initiative s continue to create a strong measure 
impact across health care and education. This is all aligned with our philosophy 
that we must give back to society in which we operate. Our flagship health care 
program, Swashthya Suraksha won the Best Rural Healthcare Initiative for the 
year 2025 at the Indian Social Impact Awards recognizing its sustained 
contribution to rural and tribal health care. 
 And the education, the RoboEdge program received the Best Education 
Support Initiative of the year 2025 at the Indian CSR Awards for advancing 
STEM learning and innovation. RoboEdge students also excelled globally at 
the International Robotex Championship 2025, winning multiple podium 
positions. Nine students representing India showcasing talent teamwork and 
innovation, reflecting India's commitment, STL's commitment to build a 
stronger future-ready society. 
 At STL, sustainability is simply central to our purpos e. We are proud to hold 
‘Synesgy A rating’ and are committed to achieving net zero emissions by 2030. 
Our strategy is built on three pillars. Environmental sustainability. Since FY19, 
we have diverted 282,000 metric ton of waste, recycled almost 11 million cubic 
meters of water and reduced over 440,000 tons of carbon through energy 
efficiency. Over 36% of our procurement is local, and we partnered with 
Hygenco's advance green hydrogen successfully. 
 Social responsibility. Aligned with the 16 UN SDGs, we have positively 
impacted 920,000 plus lives through education, women empowerment and 
health care, al ongside installing 4,500 kilowatts  of solar capacity. Strong 
governance. With 2 big 4 auditors and robust governance committees, we have 
earned 100-plus ESG awards since FY19. Notably, STL is the world's first optic 
fiber manufacturer certified with Zero Liquid Discharge and Zero Waste-to-
Landfill, setting a true industry benchmark. 
 Let me close now with our focus areas. Our goal is driving technology and cost 
leadership, growing its market, in focus markets, increasing connectivity attach 
rates and rapidly scaling the revenue contribution from our data center 
=== PAGE 11 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
business. This strengthens STL as a clear enabler of global digital 
infrastructure. 
 With this, I will close my opening remarks and hand over to the operator to 
open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: The first question is from the line of Aniruddha Pandhare from Param Capital. 
Aniruddha Pandhare: Can you give us some in dication on the current utilization levels and any sort 
of guidance going forward? 
Ankit Agarwal: I would not comment on specific utilization, but broadly, it's improved slightly. 
As I said, we have called it out. We continue to have constraints with some of 
our raw materials. And we do expect those constraints to reduce quarter-on-
quarter as I have been stating. So it is more of the same. 
Aniruddha Pandhare: Okay. And I mean, an extension of that question probably since you mentioned 
raw materials. Any update on the germanium or helium? We had seen 
significant, I believe, cost inflation there as well? 
Ankit Agarwal: So the costs continue to be quite high or very high. But as I said, more 
importantly for us is getting the availabi lity itself. And that is something that 
continues to be a challenge, but we do expect it to improve quarter-on-quarter. 
Aniruddha Pandhare: So how, I mean, is there a number sort of how far ahead do we have the sort 
of the stocks, maybe is it two quarters, three quarters, four quarters? 
Ankit Agarwal: Yes. I mean we, as I said, we have some amount of volume for the rest of the 
year. It's about optimizing and getting more so that we can further utilize our 
factories. So there is some good amount of base we have, and we are 
continuing to try to get more. 
Moderator: The next question is from  the line of Aman Saifee from Stallion Asset. 
Aman Saifee: I just wanted to understand on the recent QIP approval. Is this purely enabling 
resolution to maintain capital raisin g flexibility or is there any funding 
requirement already identified? And also on the context on the recent capital 
infusion from the parent level, how should we think about the incremental 
capital needs for Sterlite Tech? 
Ajay Jhanjhari: So I will answer in two parts. The firs t one on the fundraising. So this has 
always been an enabling resolution which we take year-on-year basis. So this 
year also, this needs to be considered as an enabling. Right now, there are 
=== PAGE 12 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
certain capex plans which we are having. We do expect that in near-term we 
will focus on our technology leadersh ip and upgrading our asset base to 
support high-value data center portfolio offerings, which can have an 
approximate investment of INR 500 crores. 
Aman Saifee: And sir, my second question would be the kind of tailwind we have been 
hearing on the data center. How should we look at our growth numbers since 
our order book itself has gone up significantly this quarter? So growth rates 
and probably the margin guidance, if you can provide for next year? 
Ankit Agarwal: Actually, we do not provide this kind of guidance. As we have been sharing, 
we are very focused on both the data center segment and the telecom 
segment. As Ajay said, we are looking at a capex of about INR 500 crores. So 
as you can appreciate, that is happening on the back of our understanding and 
visibility of the market and the opportunities. So broadly, I would say that we 
continue to remain excited about the opportunities, and we are focused on 
capturing more and more share of this market. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nikhil from Nuvama. 
Nikhil: Ankit, I have one question for you and one for Ajay. So Ankit, basically, I need 
some color if you can provide the strong order book this quarter, was it volume 
driven purely or you have seen improvement in realization? As well as if you 
can quantify contribution from data center within this, if possible? 
Ankit Agarwal: Nikhil, I cannot give you color. I will have to be black and white. But in 
seriousness, the data center contribution. So we do not break that out. I think 
we have called out broadly the data center and enterprise. As you can see the 
absolute number is growing and we did have slightly lower copper sales. So 
overall, it is in the right direction. And I think as we have discussed and we 
have shared on these calls, we continue to work on securing long-term 
contracts and relationships, both with telecom operators as well as data 
centers. So that is moving in the right direction. 
Nikhil: Second for Ajay. Ajay, I think you have commented two incremental points. But 
it is, I think you upfronted the guidance of reaching 30% from enterprise data 
center compared to earlier guidance of 12 to 18 months. And second, you also, 
I guess, if I heard you correctly, you mentioned that by end of this year, Q4, 
you will achieve 20% in EBITDA margin. So just wanted to understand the lever 
for the margin and what changed in what quarter which gives you confidence 
of upfronting this guidance? 
=== PAGE 13 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Ajay Jhanjhari: So, these are interlinked, Nikhil, if you see in proportion to our increase in the 
data center revenue, we are going to witness a good jump in the margins as 
well. In all our assumptions, we have kept the tariff at the current rate. That is 
something which we will have  to adopt going forward. But right now, if we 
achieve that 30% rate, which looks like if we do the right execution, we can 
reach there. So we do target to have it by the end of Q4, the margins which I 
have mentioned. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rahil Dasani from MAPL. 
Rahil Dasani: A few basic questions to begin with. What  is our IBR capacity as of date? And 
what are our plans to increase it, if any? 
Ankit Agarwal: Sorry, Rahil, we do not disclose capacity. 
Rahil Dasani: Got it. Okay. Would you be able to share how much of our total preform 
requirement do we buy from outside as of date? And how much will this 
increase to as and when we start utilizing optimum capacity of 80%, 85%? 
Ankit Agarwal: Sorry, Rahil, we do not disclose any of these things. 
Rahil Dasani: Got it. Okay. So maybe what we can try is on the hyperscaler side, why is the 
hyperscaler and DC sales volumes not picking up as much for us, while our 
global as well as local peers are scaling up very well and shifting majority 
capacities to reach demand? Are we seeing any product quality issues, 
especially with the 1,728 and 3,456 fiber count and hence, we are not getting 
approved by the hyperscalers? 
Ankit Agarwal: Rahil, I do not know what to say. None of these things exist, what you 
mentioned. We are very well placed with the data center and telco business, 
and I think we have grown quite a lot. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from Sunidhi Securities. 
Saurabh Jain: My first question is leading Q4, OFC prices have witnessed a very sharp 
increase, particularly from late December or early January, so how has been 
the trend in the realizations off-late across standard OFC and high frequency 
data centers cables? How is the difference in sizes and what's the delta in 
margins playing out likely? And how are we going to evolve the mix in our 
favour? 
=== PAGE 14 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Ankit Agarwal: Thank you. I was kind of reiterate what we have been saying through previous 
calls. We do not play in the spot market and we do not sell in the spot market. 
We are very, very focused on long-term contracts with our select customers 
globally, particularly in Europe and U.S. and in India. So that is how we look at 
it. Of course, at any point, if, for example, raw materials or freight or anything 
is going up and down or tariff, then those are conversations we have with our 
customers, and we look to see how we can adjust those things. 
 I am aware that the fiber optic prices have increased particularly in China and 
in some other places. But we are not selling for many of these applications or 
to these spot opportunities. At a macro level, I would say that, yes, the margin 
profile of selling to the data centers is better. And these are very, very 
advanced and patented products that we create. And more and more of what 
we sell to this market will be an end-to-end solution, thereby improving our 
profitability going forward. 
Saurabh Jain: Also, if you can talk about the pipeline and conversion pipeline of large 
hyperscalers deal, are we moving towards any multiyear capacity reservation 
agreements like our global peers, what we heard yesterday on the conference 
call, Corning mentioned after Meta they have signed with two more such similar 
size and similar tenure deals. So can we expect something like that? Are we 
in talks with any of these hyperscalers? 
Ankit Agarwal: Yes. I mean I won't comment on any specific names or what our competition 
has done. We continue to remain very focused and quite excited about 
securing long-term contracts, both with telecom operators as well as data 
center companies. We are making good progress, both in terms of our 
conversations as well as in terms of our product portfolio and readiness. So 
yes, I would broadly say we are quite well placed. And accordingly, as we make 
progress, we are happy to share that with you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Akshat Mehta from Seven Rivers Holding. 
Akshat Mehta: My first question is on the margin, sir. So given that this quarter has seen 
impact of the U.S. tariffs coming down, how should we look at margins going 
forward when the full impact of the U.S. tariff coming from 50% to 15% will 
come? Should it be similar or should be probably higher? 
Ajay Jhanjhari: So the last quarter, at least in Q4, there was a slight impact only because of 
the reduction in tariffs because we need to sell goods in advance to our 
subsidiaries and all. Going forward, in Q1, there will be a positive impact on 
=== PAGE 15 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
account of tariffs, while our revenue is expected to increase further from U.S. 
operations. But there is one more counterpart to it, which is the cost, which is 
increasing significantly due to this war issue. So broadly, there will be an 
improvement in the overall margin profile, but that won't be similar to what we 
are reflecting here, like it will have some impact of the cost increase as well. 
Akshat Mehta: Okay. Should it be at simila r levels to what is in Q4? 
Ajay Jhanjhari: It should be, while I cannot give any guidance on that, but it should be on an 
improving stage from Q4. 
Akshat Mehta: So I just wanted to double check on the thing that you said that you do not 
really sell in the spot market. So what is kind of stopping us from diverting a 
few million kilometers of ca pacity to sell in the spot  market, except for on a 
principal basis or on a value basis to take advantage of this opportunity? 
Ankit Agarwal: I mean, look, I think, we have been in this business for 30 years. I have been 
in this business 16 years. And I think our learnings from that is that what you 
want to really make sure and go out of the way is that you are having a large 
portion of your business, catering to the right kind of customers who are 
building and co-developing with you in terms of products, and it is truly a long-
term partnership. So that's the philosophy we have chosen. 
And it requires a certain amount of discipline because it's easy to get excited 
about some of these spot prices. But we have chosen that path of discipline, 
focus on R&D and creating long-term value. That's the reason. 
Moderator: The next question is fr om the line of Pushkar Jain from Mili Capital. 
Pushkar Jain: Sir, we were actually looking at the PPT of OmniCure so they had some 
exclusive tie-up with for germanium. So is that, is their entire capacity enough 
for us or we need more? And is the supply started for the same? 
Ankit Agarwal: Sorry, I think for confidential reasons, we cannot share where we stand on this 
or our suppliers. It is an important raw material like helium and some others, 
and we continue to take strategic actions. 
Pushkar Jain: Okay. And post this capex, can you at least tell what will be our capacity for 
OFC? 
Ankit Agarwal: Sorry, we are not going to be disclosing capacities going forward. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. 
=== PAGE 16 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Balasubramanian: Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, my first question on the data 
center side, I think we are launching advanced products like Neuralis, hollow 
core fiber, G654, I think many products are under pipeline. But if you look at 
on the international market, big players are taking billion orders, especially for 
data center and generative AI and enterprise side. So I am trying to understand 
whether is there any active pipeline or RFQ we have, even these data center 
hyperscaler customers, they are willing to fund and they are willing to risk 
sharing agreements? 
 They are more aggressive on building data centers, especially for our AI side. 
So I am trying to understand whether our products like how we are getting 
orders, whether we have a pipeline of $1 billion orders, especially long-term, 
maybe 3-5 years time frame? If you could share your thought process on the 
industry levers and how our products fit into the market. 
Ankit Agarwal: Thank you. I think broadly, I would say that we have done some good work. I 
am very proud of our team in terms of the product portfolio we have created. 
Neuralis is truly cutting edge what we have launched, and it is truly a great 
solution that we believe will serve the data center world. I think we are well 
placed, I think, in terms of our portfolio, in terms of the work that we have done. 
And we do have some good customers. We are working well with them in terms 
of looking at their long-term requirements. And as we continue to make 
progress and as we continue to grow with them, we will continue to update you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sunny Gosar from MK Ventures. 
Sunny Gosar: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My question is on the optical 
interconnect segment. So we have seen some, in my understanding, some 
stagnation in the revenue in FY26. But if we have to say, look at the next two 
to three years, how should we look at this segment in terms of the growth 
trajectory? And earlier, we used to look at 50% attach rates. So how are we 
thinking about that now going forward? 
Ankit Agarwal: Yes. Thank you, Sunny. And look, I think structurally, yes, the attach rate 
percentage-wise has come down. But I think it is largely a timing and mix-
related factors. There is no change in structural demand. I think we have been 
working hard on this for a few years now building our product portfolio. We 
have also been working closely with customers to co-develop it for them. So I 
do see this that at least on an absolute basis, the revenue should continue to 
increase over time.  
=== PAGE 17 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
There are also certain connectivity products that are required for the data 
center segment, which we are evaluating and looking at. So I think combined 
both of these, what are the attach rates required for the home portfolio, home 
connectivity as well as data center connectivity, I do see this growing year-on-
year going forward. 
Sunny Gosar: And the rate of change will be visible in the near-term or this will take some 
time in terms of starting to reflect on the revenue growth? 
Ankit Agarwal: I'll say broadly over the year, you will see the growth. It's tough to kind of predict 
the timing because of the approval process and cycle. But we are making 
progress quarter-on-quarter for sure. 
Sunny Gosar: Sure. And my second question is more on the medium-term outlook. So 
historically, we have seen cyclicality play a role in the optic fiber demand. So 
based on our past learnings across cycles, like how are we looking to reduce 
or rationalize that risk of cyclicality? And how successful have we been in terms 
of getting some longer tenure contracts, better visibility over, say, two to three 
years? 
While we see that the near-term demand remains robust, but assuming that 
there is some slowdown or some cyclicality in the demand, how are we looking 
to kind of reduce that risk per se? 
Ankit Agarwal: Yes. I think both, I would cover it in three ways. Like one, I think at a principal 
level, we do strongly believe that these are kind of multiple tailwinds in parallel. 
You've got 5G, 6G coming up in a couple of years, then you have got fiber-to-
the-home. You have got rural massive connectivity that will happen with BEAD, 
BharatNet and everything else. Then you have got optic fiber for drone 
applications, which I think are currently in a couple of places, but could spread 
further. And then you have got this kind of multifold growth because of the data 
center side. 
 So at some level, we do believe that these are tailwinds over a longer period 
of time, number one. And it is not just the telco up and down cycle that we are 
dealing with. So that gives us some level of confidence. But I think to your 
point, I think it's back to what I have been sharing so far is that we are very, 
very focused on the longer-term contracts rather than playing in the spot 
market or trying to make a quick buck.  And we do expect that we will make 
good progress on this quarter-on-quarter. 
=== PAGE 18 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, firstly, pertaining to this Prysmian cables litigation, what is the last we have 
heard on the same? And any date that we have for the litigation or at what 
stage are we? And sir, secondly, in continuation to the tariff part, we have also 
seen that the U.S. government has been asked to reverse the amount which 
they have collected as tariff. And I think so we have paid tariff on the sales that 
we have done to the U.S., the geography of U.S. So where are we in terms of 
these two aspects? 
Ankit Agarwal: Yes. Thank you. So I think on the legal matter, we had filed our appeal in 
September 2025. So that's where it is, that's progressing. As I said, we 
continue to believe we have a very strong case. And we do hope for a favorable 
outcome in that matter. 
 And I think in terms of the tariff rebate, you are right, there is a process that's 
got kickstarted in the U.S. for repayment of tariff to the importer on record. And 
to that extent, we will follow that proc ess, but we cannot give a clear timeline 
right now of when and how much of those refunds will come. We can probably 
update you in the next earnings call. 
Saket Kapoor: But sir, what amount we have paid as tariff is there with you so that you can 
share. Whatever is the refund that will happen in due course, but you can share 
the amount at least how much we have paid as tariff. I think the 6% to 7% of 
EBITDA was negative because of this, if I remember correctly, in the last 
quarter or the before quarter when the tariffs were at 50%? 
Ankit Agarwal: I think broadly, it will be north of INR 100 crores. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, in case the judgment comes, do we have any other option to appeal 
higher? Or what would be the process going ahead with the Prysmian part, I 
think so that's a huge liability of $100 million. So, what would be the next step? 
Ankit Agarwal: Yes, there's, in fact, two more steps. One, currently, this is in a bench of three 
judges. You can then appeal to ask for all the judges to be present and to again 
evaluate the matter. If again, after that, then again, we can appeal to the 
Supreme Court. So there are two more stages so-called after this. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Tej Patel from Niveshaay. 
Tej Patel: Congrats on a good set of numbers. Bringing back to the earlier participant's 
question, I know we have been in discussion with the hyperscalers since along 
=== PAGE 19 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
and you are making good progress, right? But given our capabilities, and I am 
just trying to understand there should be some progress made, right? And I 
just wanted to understand what could be the timelines where we can look to 
close this let's say, orders or deals or any LOIs with the hyperscalers because 
almost like three to four months, we are into discussion and then we have, I 
mean, let's say, domestic peers, global players getting those orders. So just 
wanted to understand what are the timelines on these orders? Are we facing 
any problems on that side? 
Ankit Agarwal: No, as I said, at least I do not think we are facing any orders. We are continuing 
to expand our product portfolio that can serve this market. And we have got 
good feedback from our customers. We continue to get orders from them. And 
we are, as I said, we are making good progress with the hyperscalers in terms 
of what could a longer-term partnership be. So that is the conversation that is 
going on. 
Tej Patel: Okay. And sir, are we at least in the testing mode of our products with the 
hyperscalers? 
Ankit Agarwal: So I think we already shared last quarter, we are actively now supplying into 
this market. 
Tej Patel: Got it. And sir, I think we were upgrading our line to the IBR for higher fiber 
count. Is the capex on track? I think it was supposed to get live by June 2026, 
right? 
Ankit Agarwal: We do not comment about specific product lines, etc. So I would not be able 
to comment on that. 
Moderator: With this, we conclude our call. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Ankit Agarwal: Thank you, everyone, for taking your time to hear us out. We remain excited 
and motivated to drive this business forward and to unlock its full potential. 
Through our efforts, we see a tremendous opportunity to connect the 
unconnected across the world and especially here in India. We truly believe 
STL is well positioned to play a pivotal role in building the digital infrastructure 
of the future and of our country. 
We are happy to take any questions of yours. For any queries or qualifications, 
you can reach out to our Investor Relations team, Ajay and I will both be 
=== PAGE 20 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  April 29, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
available. Once again, thank you for your time and your continued support. Jai 
Hind. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Sterlite Technologies Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us today. And you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
 