
=== PAGE 1 ===
 
 
Regd. Office & Works: 8, Electronics Complex, Chambaghat, Solan-173213 (H.P.) Tel: (01792) 230644, 230645, 230647 Fax: (01792) 231902 
Corporate Identity Number: L64200HP1987PLC007466 
HFCL/SEC/25-26                        February 10, 2026 
 
BSE Ltd. 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400001 
corp.relations@bseindia.com 
Security Code No.: 500183 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, C – 1, Block G 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
cmlist@nse.co.in 
Security Code No.: HFCL 
 
RE: Intimation under  Regulation 30 of the Securities  and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call on the Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the 3rd 
Quarter and Nine Months ended December 31, 2025, of the Financial Year 2025-26. 
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam, 
 
This is further to our earlier announcement dated February 03, 2026. 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III to the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 , we hereby submit Transcript of 
the Conference Call held on February 03, 2026, on the Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the 3
rd 
Quarter and Nine Months ended December 31, 2025, of the Financial Year 2025 -26, which were considered 
and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on February 03, 2026. 
 
The aforesaid Transcript will also be available on the Company's website at https://www.hfcl.com/.  
 
You are requested to take the above information on records and disseminate the same on your respective 
websites. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HFCL Limited   
 
 
 
 
(Manoj Baid) 
President & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: Copy of Transcript. 
 
=== PAGE 2 ===
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“HFCL  Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 03, 2026 
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAHENDRA NAHATA – PROMOTER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 MR. VIJAY RAJ JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 MR. MANOJ BAID – COMPANY SECRETARY   
 MR. AMIT AGARWAL – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
MODERATOR: MR. VIKASH SINGH – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

=== PAGE 3 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of 
HFCL hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone.  Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikash Singh from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Singh. 
Vikash Singh: Thank you, Michelle. Good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, I would like to read the 
disclaimer. The statement made during this call may be forward -looking and in nature based 
on management's current beliefs and expectations. They must be viewed in relation to the risks 
that HFCL's business faces that could cause its future results, performance or achievement to 
differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
Investors are therefore requested to check the information independently before making any 
investment or other decisions. 
 From the management side, we have with us Mr. Mahendra Nahata, Promoter and Managing 
Director; Mr. V.R. Jain, CFO; Mr. Manoj Baid, Company Secretary; and Mr. Amit Agarwal, 
Head Investor Relations.  
Without taking any much time, I hand over to Mr. Mahendra Nahata for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 
 
Mahendra Nahata: Thank you, Vikash. Good evening, everyone.  
 
I extend a warm welcome to all of you on HFCL’s earnings call for the third quarter and nine 
months ended December 2025. 
 
I trust you have had the opportunity to review our financial results, press release, and investor 
presentation, which are available on our website and the stock exchanges. 
 
The quarter was characterised by a combination of near -term volatility and strong long -term 
structural opportunities.  Globally, evolving tariff structures, trade realignments, and supply-
chain recalibration led to certain logistical and execution challenges during the early part of the 
quarter. However, these conditions stabilised from mid -December onwards, enabling smoother 
dispatches and supply flows. 
 
At the same time, the fundamental demand drivers for optical fibre cables have strengthened 
immensely. Rising data consumption, hyperscaler -led data centre expansion, AI -driven 
network upgrades, and the growing need for secure, high-capacity connectivity are driving a 
sustained global upcycle in optical fibre cable demand. In India, continued focus on 
=== PAGE 4 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
fibreisation, digital public infrastructure, and defence indigenisation provides long-term 
visibility across HFCL’s core business segments. 
 
The optic fibre cable market has witnessed sharp increase in demand o n the basis of massive 
increase in hyperscale data centre creation worldwide.  Moreover, after a period of inventory 
correction and deferred capital expenditure, the global optical fibre cable industry has also 
witnessed a clear restoration in demand over the last few quarters from telecom operators.  
 
Importantly, this recovery is structurally different from earlier cycles. Demand is increasingly 
skewed towards high-fibre -count, high -performance cables as required by hyperscale data 
centres. Supply for such cables remains constrained due to higher technology complexity, 
manufacturing precision, and scale requirements. As a result, the improving demand 
environment has translated into better OFC pricing and realisations, with customers placing 
greater emphasis on quality, consistency, and delivery reliability. Modern hyperscale and AI -
focused data centres require extremely high fibre density, ultra-low latency interconnections, 
and scalable designs to support east –west traffic, storage clustering, and high- performance 
computing workloads.  
 
The Union Budget 2026 has further reinforced the policy focus on strengthening India’s digital 
and data infrastructure ecosystem. Measures such as the extended tax holiday for foreign cloud 
service providers who will set up data centres in India underscore the government’s intent to 
position India as a long-term hub for cloud, data centre, and AI-led infrastructure. 
 
Massive growth of Hyperscale Data Centers has resulted in a meaningful ramp -up in 
hyperscaler-led orders, multi -year demand visibility, and sustained capacity expansion plans 
across the optical communications ecosystem. HFCL has been preparing for this phase through 
sustained investments in optical fibre and optical fibre cable manufacturing, combined with 
focused innovation. As a result, we are today among a limited set of global players capable of 
delivering very high fibre-count and low latency solutions at scale.  
 
During the quarter, we successfully developed a 3456-fibre Micro Duct IBR cable. Building on 
this capability, we are now in the process of developing 6912-fibre Micro Duct IBR cables , 
very few manufacturers globally possess the technology depth and manufacturing discipline 
required for such products, further strengthening HFCL’s competitive positioning. 
 
These products are well -suited for dense, space -constrained data centre environments and has 
already seen encouraging customer interest and traction. Based on current engagements and 
pipeline visibility, we are seeing continued demand momentum into the coming quarter, and 
we expect this trend to keep the same momentum for next few years as data centre and AI -led 
infrastructure deployments accelerate. 
 
In parallel, HFCL has moved beyond cables to data centre interconnect solutions. We have 
initiated our Pre-Connectorised Solutions (PCS) business for dat a centre applications, enabling 
faster deployment, higher reliability, and reduced installation complexity for customers. We 
=== PAGE 5 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
expect the PCS business to contribute ₹400– 500 crore of additional revenues over FY26–
FY27. 
 
Further, we have commenced production of MPO cables, which are increasingly essential in 
high-density data centre and AI environments. This is a fast -growing segment, and we are 
expanding capacities and capabilities to scale this business meaningfully. Over the coming 
years, we expect MPO and related interconnect solutions to generate ₹400 –500 crore of 
revenues, strengthening HFCL’s presence across the full data centre connectivity value chain.  
Taken together, these capabilities position HFCL not merely as an optical fibre cable supplier, 
but as a comprehensive solutions provider for next-generation data centre and AI infrastructure, 
with visible demand momentum in the near term and a strong growth runway ahead. 
 
Another important structural development shaping the outlook is the progress on the India -
United States and India –European Union trade engagement. United States and Europe remain 
largest and most advanced markets for optical fibre, digital infrastructure, and secure 
communication networks, supported by sustained investments in fibreisation and data centres. 
 
A more enabling trade framework has the potential to improve market access, strengthen 
supply-chain integration, and enhance the competitiveness of Indian manufacturers with scale 
and technology depth. HFCL already has a growing presence in United States and Europe, and 
our recent export wins reflect increasing acceptance of our high -quality, high -fibre-count 
solutions. 
 
Our fibre and cable capacity expansion programs continued to progress steadily.  Optical Fibre 
Cable capacity will rise from 30.5 mn fkm to 42.36 mn fkm by June 2026. Optical fiber 
capacity has already doubled from 14 mn fkm to 28 mn fkm, with the balance 6 mn fkm to be 
added progressively by December 2026. These expansions enhance our ability to support rising 
global and domestic demand while improving operational efficiency, automation, and cost 
competitiveness. 
 
With capacity expansion nearing completion and global demand conditions continuing to 
strengthen, we expect the Optical Fibre Cable segment to contribute meaningfully higher 
volumes and revenues from Q4 FY26 onwards. The combination of scale, product depth, and 
improving industry pricing dynamics gives us confidence that OFC will remain a key growth 
and value driver for the Group. 
 
Exports remained a key highlight during the quarter and continue to be a structural growth 
engine for HFCL. During Q3 FY26, we secured export orders aggregating approximately USD 
192 million, largely driven by optical fibre cable demand from international customers. 
 
Exports continue to gain share within the overall revenue mix. During Q3 FY26, export 
revenues accounted for approximately 27% of total revenues, compared to 14% in Q3 FY25, 
reflecting a significant structural shift in the business. Domestic revenues accounted for the 
balance 73%.  This sharp increase in export contribution highlights HFCL’s growing global 
=== PAGE 6 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
footprint, improved acceptance among international customers, and successful execution of its 
export-led growth strategy. 
Development of new generation of Wi -Fi and UBR telecom equipment continue to be our 
focus. We are also in process of completion of delivery of 8 lakh  units of 5G fixed wireless 
access customer premises equipment. We are also in continuous process of developing more 
advanced versions of customer premises equipment of 5G to be sold not only in India, but 
worldwide. 
 Production and supply of IP/MPLS routers has also started in bulk across the country from 
quarter 3. These routers are being supplied all over India for the G overnment's BharatNet 
program. We are in constant process of developing even the high -capacity routers beyond the 
routers, which have already been developed now. 
 
EPC project execution revenues remained relatively subdued during the quarter. However, it is 
important to highlight that while revenue recognition was slower, on- ground execution, 
planning, and preparatory activities remained steady and disciplined, which are expected to 
translate into a meaningful revenue uptick in the coming periods. 
 
HFCL continues to progress its defence business in line with its long -term strategy and India’s 
indigenisation priorities. During the quarter, electronic fuzes developed by the Company 
underwent firing trials in January 2026, with further tests expected in the coming months. 
 
HFCL secured defence orders across radars, electronic fuzes and electro -optical systems, 
including thermal weapon sights, reflecting growing acceptance of our indigenous capabilities. 
We also entered the UAV segment with indigenously developed thermal cameras for 
surveillance applications, supported by a domestic contract from a leading UAV manufacturer. 
 
Development work is progressing well across drone detection radar systems and foliage 
penetration radar, both of which are in advanced stages of validation. In addition, HFCL is 
actively working on specialised drone platforms through technology transfer initiatives, which 
is at an advanced stages of discussion. 
 
Looking ahead, the radar segment is expected to emerge as an important contributor  over the 
coming years, supported by a growing pipeline and upcoming opportunities, including the 
expected RFP under the BMP programme wherein HFCL is one of the 5 shortlisted party 
Countrywide. 
 
Our order book as on 31st December 2025 stands at ₹11,125 crore, compared to ₹9,981 crore 
in Q2 FY26 and ₹10,410 crore in Q3 FY25, reflecting sustained order inflows and improved 
visibility. 
 
The mix of our revenues continue to improve: 
• Product revenues constituted 60% of total revenues, while project revenues accounted for 
40%, compared to 51% and 49% respectively in Q2 FY26. 
=== PAGE 7 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
• Exports contributed 27% of revenues during the quarter, up sharply from 14% in Q3 FY25, 
highlighting the growing global relevance of our product portfolio. 
During the quarter, we successfully completed an issue of ₹550 crore through Qualified 
Institutions Placement. This capital raise will support capacity expansion, R&D investments, 
debt reduction, and funding our long-term working capital requirements, ensuring we remain 
well-positioned for sustainable growth. 
 
During the quarter,  HFCL received ESG ratings from multiple independent agencies, all 
reaffirming the strength of our sustainability practices. We also published HFCL’s first 
Sustainability Report for FY 2024– 25, providing transparent disclosures on our environmental, 
social, and governance performance. For us, sustainability is central to every aspect of how we 
operate and build long-term value. It shapes our choices on resource efficiency, guides how we 
engage with communities and partners, and anchors the trust we build across markets. Our ESG 
efforts are , therefore, integral to strengthening HFCL’s competitiveness, resilience, and 
reputation as we grow. 
 
Coming to our consolidated financial performance for the quarter: 
• Revenue for Q3 FY26 stood at ₹1210.79 crore, compared to ₹1043.34 crore in Q2 
FY26 and ₹1011.95 crore in Q3 FY25. 
• EBITDA stood at ₹243.52 crore, compared to ₹203.37 crore in Q2 FY26 and 
₹171.89 crore in Q3 FY25, with an EBITDA margin of 20.11%. 
• Profit after tax stood at ₹102.37 crore, compared to ₹71.92 crore in Q2 FY26 and 
₹72.58 crore in Q3 FY25, with a PAT margin of 8.45% 
• Revenue for 9M FY26 stood at ₹3125.15 crore, compared to ₹3263.80 crore in 9M 
FY25. 
• EBITDA stood at ₹489.82 crore in 9MFY26, compared to ₹529.08 crore in 9M 
FY25, with an EBITDA margin of 15.67%. 
• Profit after tax stood at ₹144.99 crore in 9MFY26, compared to  ₹256.56 crore in 
9MFY25, with a PAT margin of 4.64 % 
As we move forward, our priorities remain firmly focused on enhancing our revenue mix, 
expanding margins, disciplined execution, tec hnology-led differentiation, prudent capital 
allocation, and the continued expansion of our global footprint. Building on the strong 
momentum achieved, we remain confident of sustaining this performance in the coming 
quarters. With these foundations in place, we believe HFCL is well positioned to deliver 
consistent and sustainable value for all stakeholders. 
 
I would like to thank our employees for their dedication, our customers and partners for their 
trust, and our shareholders for their continued support. 
 
Thank you. 
=== PAGE 8 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
 
We will now open the floor for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. The first question is from the line of Dhaval Jain from Sequent Investments. 
Dhaval Jain: Firstly, congratulations on a good set of numbers. So I just needed a help with Q3 as well as 
nine months FY '26 data of OFC as a percentage of total revenue? And if possible, can you 
provide me with the similar numbers from the last financial year and along with the margins? 
Mahendra Nahata: Well, OFC as a percentage of total revenue -- because I've got products at INR 722 crores and 
out of that, OF and OFC has roughly, it would be, I would say, of the product revenue, it is 
80% and the product revenue is 60% of the total revenue. So it would say the 48% of the total 
revenue has been OFC. 
Dhaval Jain: And this is for Q3 or nine months FY '26? 
Mahendra Nahata: This is nine months. This what I told you is the 9 months. 
Dhaval Jain: Okay. Sir, and what is the current margins on OFC that we have right now? 
Mahendra Nahata: Current margin on OFC would depend on different kind of cable, what we manufacture, high 
quality -- high-capacity cable, low -capacity cable. But roughly, you can say 10% to 12% net 
margin. 
Dhaval Jain: Sir, can you repeat again? I just lost you on the line. 
Mahendra Nahata: Roughly, it would be about 10% to 12% of margin as PBT, depending on what kind of cable 
we are manufacturing. 
Dhaval Jain: Understood. Sir, again, on this front on the OFC, what is the current realization in this quarter 
that we had? Because I think last quarter, it was INR965. So what is the current realization? 
Mahendra Nahata: Current realization would be roughly about INR1,055 per fiber kilometer as against INR964, 
which was there in the previous quarter. It has gone up by roughly INR100, you can say. 
Dhaval Jain: Right. So we -- like it's almost a 10%, 15% of increase since the last quarter. So do we see like 
it going to keep on increasing further? Or what cycle are we at in terms of realization? 
Mahendra Nahata: I expect it to increase further by at least another 10% or so. Looking at the demand from data 
centers, I expect it to increase at least 10% or even more. 
Dhaval Jain: Right. And just one last question. So in terms of like the OFC, what is our share in domestic 
versus international markets? 
Mahendra Nahata: Look, international market, I cannot say because the data I don't have available. But the 
domestic market, we should be -- this is, again, a very unsubstantiated figure because these are 
never published by any authentic agency. But my estimation, we should be nearing roughly 
=== PAGE 9 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
about 50%, roughly about 45%, 50%, very roughly. This is my top of the head calculation, but 
I shouldn't be much wrong. 
Dhaval Jain: But this would be your share, right? 
Mahendra Nahata: Yes, I am -- my share. I'm talking about my share. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. 
Balasubramanian: Congratulations for a good set of numbers. My first question, sir, I think we have been 
developed electronic fuzes. I think we got initial approval also. When can we expect final 
approval? And what is the total addressable market in India and global level? And which are 
the players got approval in India? And how much average prices per fuze? 
Mahendra Nahata: You are asking too many questions in one line. I wouldn't even remember. So,  I really reply 
one by one.  As far as approval in India is concerned, there are only two companies who are 
manufacturing electronic fuzes from a long time under transfer of technology from foreign 
companies. They are not their own developed fuzes which is Bharat Electronics and ECI 
Telecom, both government companies, they have a transfer of technology agreements, one 
Reshef from Israel and another from -- I forget the name of the company of South Africa. 
 So we are the one who have designed the fuze s indigenously. Test firing took place on 20th 
January in Balasore this year. There have been some successes and  in some cases, some 
improvement is required in the fuze s. So we are doing that  those improvements which have 
been required by DRDO while testing. So those improvements are being carried out and 
retesting of those fuzes would be done in April. And I'm quite sure in April testing, they will 
be completely approved. 
 So that is as far as the Indian manufacturers a nd approval are concerned . There is no 
indigenous design and manufacturer who have got any approval. I am sure I think we may be 
the first one to do that. But these are -- one must realize, fuze s are very, very critical 
components, which makes the ammunition blast, particularly the proximity fuze has got a 
small radar in it, which measures the distance between the bomb and the ground at a speed 
which is faster than the speed of sound.  
You can imagine that what kind of criticality it has got. So it needs some more improvement, 
which we are doing. But I am happy that from this testing, we have learned a few things which 
are getting implemented in the new set of design and April testing should be final and approval 
one, it looks to me like that. 
 Now in terms of demand, I don't have a number for the worldwide demand. But right now, 
India itself, I think, requires about 0.5 million fuzes every year, India itself. And globally, if 
you see, the demand would be much, much higher in multiples because of the wars going 
around. This demand is directly proportional to the geopolitical situation.  
Right now with the Russia -Ukraine war and ammunition of all European countries, United 
States getting  or many other countries going to Russia or Ukraine, getting consumed, these 
=== PAGE 10 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
countries need to really build up their stockpile again and supply more to the waring countries, 
whether it is Russia, whether Ukraine or any other place. So demand is substantial. Proximity 
fuze demand is substantial for 155 mm gun. That is the highest demand. It's a substantial 
demand. So I don't have the exact number, but demand would be multiple times more than 
what is required in India. 
Balasubramanian: Okay, sir. Sir, a follow -up with electronic fuzes only. And what is the current average prices 
for fuze on the industry level? 
Mahendra Nahata: Depends on which fuze, which caliber you are talking. There are different fuzes, different 
calibers. But just one example of a proximity fuze of 155 mm gun would currently – in today's 
market should be at least INR25,000 to INR30,000 per fuze. 
Balasubramanian: Okay, sir. And what kind of capacities we are planning to build, sir, for electronic fuzes, right? 
Mahendra Nahata: When our fuze s are completely approved, we would be looking at about 1 lakh fuzes per 
annum. 
Balasubramanian: Okay, sir. W e have guided 20% kind of revenue growth. We ended up nearly 20% kind of 
growth in Q3. I think we have to do to achieve this growth by doing nearly INR1,600 crores 
plus kind of revenue. Is there any deferment in export order? Is there any delay in shipments in 
Q3 because of tariffs? Currently also U.S. and India that trade deal have been improved from 
50% to 18%. I just want to understand how we can able to take advantage of that.  
Mahendra Nahata: Look, this tariff decrease has been announced last night only, and people are doing some g uess 
work. Some clarity is still to be achieved in terms of whether it is immediate or whether there 
will be some gradual. But assuming it is immediate, of course, it opens up the environment for 
everybody and improves the situation for all in-country manufacturers. For all -- particularly 
for telecom equipment, the tariff was 50%. So when it comes down to 18%, it is a substantial 
advantage to all telecom equipment manufacturers. 
 Now in terms of revenue, of course, revenue shortfall was there in the Q3, particularly on the 
export segment because of the tariff issue. A lot of shipments, which were made by us to 
United States, which are the major part of export, all those shipments were stuck at airports, all 
the seaports for the want of clearance because of the tariff issue because it was getting very 
extremely difficult at U.S. customs to determine the tariff, whether the tariff of India applies or 
tariff of China applies because some of the component or part into that equipment or cable has 
come from China. 
 So this was really a big, big problem. So for  two months' time, it remained a big problem for 
everybody, not only for HFCL for everybody and many of the countries where this difference 
of tariff was coming. Whether a shipment is in a 25% regime or 50% regime, all these kinds of 
situations was there, 1.5 months, we all suffered. 
 And unfortunately, we had to pay a lot of demurrages also at the ports or the airports because 
not to our fault that shipments were not getting cleared, but because of the ambiguity in the 
=== PAGE 11 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
tariff structure, it was creating trouble, and we had to pay a lot of demurrages  also. But 
anyway, that was out of our control.  
That problem, as I said in the beginning, has eased out from mid-December. And now the 
situation has become regular  and there should not be any impact going forward.  And going 
forward, I think our revenue in this current quarter would also show some growth.  
Percentage, I cannot say very clearly at this point of time. But yes, it can be somewhere around 
10% to 15% or a little bit more. But more important is the profitability. You will see the 
profitability  percentage profitability on an overall basis has increased by year -on-year basis, 
you see there is an increase of 41% in the profitability.  
Revenue is remaining around the same, but the profitability has increased by 41%, 42%, which 
is a significant growth. That growth has come because of our efforts to reduce cost at the same 
point of time, innovation, new kind of products and because of being able to design and 
manufacture those products, which are not so easy to design and manufacture,  very high count 
fiber optic cable, not so easy to design and manufacture, which we have been able to do. As a 
result of this, there has been a better profitability.  
So a key issue which I would like to say, yes, there is some shortfall in revenue than what we 
expected in terms of growth, but there is a considerable increase in the profitability.  Q1 of the 
current financial year was a loss, but now we have come into profit. 
And as I can see, looking forward, just as a perception of the management from current 
performance, when we come to the year -end, our profit would be much better than what we 
did last year. It would be much better. Even if we maintain the momentum which has been 
there in Q3, our profit will surpass the profit of last financial year significantly. 
Balasubramanian: Okay, sir. Sir, you clearly mentioned… 
Operator: Mr. Balasubramanian, I'm sorry to interrupt you, sir. I request you to kindly rejoin the queue 
for follow -ups, please. There are others who are waiting for their turn. The next question is 
from the line of Bajrang Bafna from Sunidhi Securities. 
Bajrang Bafna: Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Mahendraji, just would like to understand because 
there are multiple media articles and we are hearing from the industry sources that there is a 
severe shortage of raw material, which is your germanium and preform. And since we don't 
have those capacities with us, how the prices of these have moved and what sort of supply 
arrangements that we are having for this preform and the other raw materials. If you could just 
guide us will be helpful, sir. 
Mahendra Nahata: Yes. Very good question. But we don't manufacture preform. So, germanium and all these are 
required for manufacture of preform. Preform we import  mostly from Japan, more than 90% 
we import from Japan. And whatever quantity we have contracted with Japanese 
manufacturers are being supplied regularly to us. 
=== PAGE 12 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
 We don't face any shortage. No shortage is being faced by us at all. They are supplying to us as 
they have contracted. And our capacity requirement for  our fiber draw for which the preform 
was required is being fulfilled by Japanese manufacturers. 
 Yes, we are also now taking steps to move ahead in manufacturing preform. These are the step 
Company is working on. And we should be able to finalize our plans in very near future 
because with this kind of a huge capacity requirement where we require preform in such a 
large quantity because huge capacity of fiber and cable both, we need to have some security 
for some raw material also, some part of raw material also. So we are working on that plan. 
But right now, we don't need germanium and all those things. Our requirement of preform is 
filled up by our suppliers adequately. 
Bajrang Bafna: And how the prices have moved, sir, in that preform? 
Mahendra Nahata: Look, prices will move up. Our contracts, which were there are in process at this moment of 
time, those prices, whatever we agreed a few months ago. But  my opinion is that prices would 
move up significantly by at least 20%, at least 20% to 25% with the result -- as there is -- I am 
saying an increase in the cable price of 10%, and it will move up by another 10% or so in near 
future. Similar is the fiber price and similar would be the preform price. It would move up by 
some 20% to 25%. 
Bajrang Bafna: Okay. And my second question is on the new age cables, which are required in hyperscalers 
and in your rollout of data centers, which is either hollow core or multicore. So how are we 
placed in that technology? And how do we see that the demand that we capture either in India 
or in U.S. or European market?  
Mahendra Nahata: Very early stage of these kind of fibers. Multicore fiber, I don't foresee much of the demand 
happening because multicore is -- it does not reduce the transport cost. It only reduces the 
space required by fiber. But already there are technologies available where we are packing up 
to 13,000 fibers into one single cable of a small dia. So multicore fiber, I don't see so much of 
a high demand in future. But hollow core fiber, yes, it may catch up. It is in very early stage of 
development, very, very early stage of development. 
 We have also tied up with 2 large institutions of R&D to develop hollow core fiber for 
ourselves. So we are already in process of development of hollow core fiber. There's a 
dedicated team which we have put forward -- put in the place in the company with certain 
R&D institutions to develop hollow core fiber, which we believe would catch up some 
attention of the hyperscalers like Microsoft bought this Lumenisity and all that. But it is still a 
couple of years away. But we are already taking steps to develop hollow core fiber. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Smith Gala from RSPN Ventures. 
Smith Gala: A couple of  to start with, I want  bookkeeping questions. Sir, you mentioned previously on the 
call that we'll be growing 10% to 15% on revenue. Is my understanding correct that this 
revenue growth will be sequential?  Secondly, we have seen a big uptick in the depreciation 
expense. So what are the levels of the run rate going forward we'll see? Or this is the run rate 
we should follow for the next couple of years from now? 
=== PAGE 13 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Mahendra Nahata: No. Your second question on depreciation. The  new fiber optic  plant has come into operation. 
So that depreciation charge on that new plant you see. So that's why the depreciation has 
increased. What was your first question? 
Smith Gala: Sir, my first question, you mentioned on the call that we will see 10% to 15% growth. I 
understand this growth will be sequential growth and not year-on-year growth? 
Mahendra Nahata: Yes, it will be sequential growth, of course. 
Smith Gala: Next question from my side will be we are on track to expand our capacities as far as IBR 
cables are concerned because we have not seen any rise in capacity from first quarter. So had 
the expansion stopped for one quarter, there was some minor disruption or something like that? 
Mahendra Nahata: No. We are fully on track to develop IBR capacity because that is the only way you can pack 
3,600 or 6,900 fibers in one cable. That is the only way. And we have significantly expanded 
our IBR capacity, and it is continued to be getting extended. And it will keep on happening till 
May, June for which machinery orders are already in place and machineries are arriving one 
by one by one because the machines are not available altogether. There are very few 
manufacturers of those machines, quality machines . Non-quality, you can buy as many which 
you don't want.  
So they are coming one by one. That capacity is under continuous enhancement, would be 
completed by May, June of this financial year , the current expected capacity. But if we find 
more demand coming up, which I am certain that it would come up, but fiber availability may 
become a constraint, but cable demand would be there. But if we are able to solve the fiber 
issue, we would be expanding the capacity further. 
Smith Gala: Okay. One last question I'll squeeze in. Can you give me a split between the 5G products and 
OFC for  quarter 3? 
Mahendra Nahata: It's about 80-20. 
Smith Gala: Okay. So, it is 80-20 of the 722, which we have provided? 
Mahendra Nahata: Yes, yes, absolutely. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Sanjay Shah from KSA Securities Private Limited. 
Sanjay Shah: Sir, thanks for giving fantastic understanding about the market demand and growth trajectory 
of HFCL. Sir my question was regarding our plan ned expenditure, what we need to do in 329 
acres we have got at Andhra Pradesh, and which are the products are we going to develop over 
there? And how that commercialization of that project will start? 
Mahendra Nahata: Mr. Shah, thanks a lot for your good question. First of all, the 329 acres would be eventually 
1,000 acres. Balance 671 acres or so is still to be allocated by Andhra government, which they 
are going to allot contiguous to our land, which is under their acquisition process and all that. 
That is number one. So total, it would be 1,000 acres.  The plan to do is t o manufacture 
ammunition there because ammunition needs a large space to manufacture because there 
=== PAGE 14 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
should not be any habitation near about places, because if any unfortunate accident takes place, 
human life should not come in danger, in any unforeseen circumstance.  
So you need a large open space by law to manufacture ammunition.  So, f or example, we 
already have taken technology for multimode hand grenade from DRDO, which has been 
successfully manufactured and tried by a technology provider, DRDO. And now it is under the 
approval of QA wing of DGQA from Army because of time frame that you can preserve this 
and all those kind of things, which is happening right now.  
And in the next three  months' time, we should be able to offer it to Army for the requireme nt 
for the demand is immense, lakhs of the gr enades are required every year just for practice. 
Every infantry soldier or the other soldiers have to throw three  grenades as a practice every 
year. So you can imagine kind of a lakhs of the requirement, which is there. So this is just one. 
 We are also exploring the possibility of manufacturing more ammunition also. More 
ammunition means ammunition fuze we are already in the process of development and final 
phase of development after the current field trial and the next field trial. So we also wish to 
develop the shell for 155 mm gun, which we have fuze already we are developing. 
 We are also working on some of the ammunition for precision- guided ammunition. One is the 
dump ammunition, which you fire and it goes and falls depending upon your aim and all that. 
But then there are some precision -guided ammunition, which is fired and it goes with some 
sort of a GPS or other kind of a technology gets down to that precise area where it is intended 
to. So we are in discussion with some companies for doing that also. So  land is predominantly 
for the ammunition purposes. That's why this is a large land required as per law. 
Sanjay Shah: So what will be the capex required for that and how we are going to reach? 
Mahendra Nahata: Too early to say that Mr. Shah, too early to say that at this point of time. 
Sanjay Shah: So now sir, we have grown and we have done a lot of c apex in the last few years and we have 
increased all the capacity on all the fronts. And now we are here to encash the advantage of 
that capex and make our company more profitable and utilizing all the c apex. Now we need 
further capex of growth because we are going for this new project. 
Plus we are going for expansion of our optic fiber capacity and all. And plus the business 
where we require working capital inventories and all. So how do you plan to raise money? Do 
promoters intend to increase their stake from here at the current enterprise value, which is the 
lowest what we feel in the industry? 
Mahendra Nahata: Look, first of all, increasing the capacity for optical fiber cable will not matter much, will not 
require much of the money.  Of course, when we go for creation of any large -scale defence 
manufacturing capacity and all that, yes, that would require.  Promoters have willingness to 
increase the stake. We have the willingness, but all depends upon shareholders' approval, 
regulatory clearances, it is all subject to that. So willingness is, of course, there. 
Sanjay Shah: That shows great confidence, sir. Thank you very much and best of luck for your future. 
=== PAGE 15 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Satya, an Individual Investor. 
Satya: Nahata ji, my question was on the services side. This time, we have seen a loss of about INR11 
crores on the services side. Why has that been the case? And how do you see that going 
forward? 
Mahendra Nahata: No, these are O&M revenues. And going forward, O&M revenues is going to increase 
significantly. First of all, Army's O&M phases to start for the NFS, which we created, I think, 
next couple of months or may be by April maximum. So that would be about INR 170 crores 
per year.  
Then the O&M phase for other equipment we have supplied, which OTN or a couple of other 
equipment, UBR and which we have supplied to BSNL, that O&M phase is to start. And some 
of the private operators, we have supplied equipment, that O&M phase is to start. So O&M 
revenue is going to grow significantly. In my opinion, after three years, our O&M revenue 
would be something around INR450 crores to INR500 crores per year. 
Satya: Sir, my question was also on the profitability side. This time, we seem to have recorded some 
loss over there. So how are we expecting that to change over the future? 
Mahendra Nahata: As you know, it is -- when you are in the warranty period and all that, there is expenditure, but 
there is no revenue. Revenue starts after the warranty period is over. So in that kind of a 
period, you incur loss. But when you are entering into O&M phase of the AMC , the revenue 
starts coming up. 
 Like as I said, in the Army project, we expect the revenue starts coming up from April when 
the AMC contract would take shape and start. So then the revenue starts coming. Right now, 
we are spending money, but it's not going to continue for more than a few months now. 
Satya: Right. Got it. Sir, one question on the 5G equipment side. How is the traction over there on the 
FWA and UBR products that we have? 
Mahendra Nahata: Look, UBR is good for 5G, 6G, 4G, everything. And that is, of course, we are now moving 
into Wi-Fi and UBR all put together, we are going to move into next generation from Wi -Fi 6 
to Wi-Fi 7. That's the plan we have, and we should start the development pretty soon.  As far as 
FWA CPE is concerned, the in-country demand of FWA CPE seems to be reducing because 
people are using alternate technologies based on unlicensed band, point -to-multipoint 
unlicensed band, which we don't do, of course, we are doing point -to-point only. But however, 
routers, which are again required in 4G and 5G network, both there we have got a significant 
traction, particularly in BharatNet because router is required in all kind of networks, whether 
4G, 5G, wireline, wireless, every kind of network. There, we have seen a significant traction.  
We have already got orders for about 100,000 routers, which would amount to be about 
INR700 crores or INR 800 crores. We are in process of getting more orders. Right now, even 
we are not taking any orders for routers because we have a constraint of supply because of 
component availability and all that.  
=== PAGE 16 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
So we don't want to trouble the customers. We first want to deliver some good quantity, then 
take more orders. But routers have got good traction. They have already been installed in the 
field. Connections are already being given to customers by the people who have bought the 
routers from us, which are the private parties. So that has got a good traction. For CPE, we will 
now start working on trying to sell it in the international market. So would be UBR and Wi -Fi 
systems. 
Satya: Sir, a quick follow-up on the UBR, we were developing point-to-multipoint, right? 
Operator: Sir, I'm sorry to interrupt sir. Sir I am sorry to interrupt you. 
Satya: Just a minor follow -up, I'm sorry, just a minor follow -up. We were developing the point -to-
multipoint, right, sir? Where are we in the process of that? 
Mahendra Nahata: So point-to-multipoint, we have not yet started developing. We have not yet started. We are 
just looking at worldwide, how much is the demand. In India, there is a significant amount of 
demand from one operator, but other operators are not using it. Worldwide, unless we see 
multi-country demand, we would really hesitate to do that because just because demand of one 
customer in one country, we don't want to take an expensive investment like that.  
On the contrary, point -to-point demand is good and the development expense is also less. It's 
less risky. So unless we are 100% satisfied about point -to-multipoint demand worldwide, we 
would not really go into that.  It's a spectrum issue. If you look at the large development in the 
United States or all that, operators have a much larger amount of spectrum, so they don't need 
unlicensed band radio. They are very happy within the license band and they can give large 
capacity to a large number of customers using the licensed band. So that is the difference. 
Operator: We'll take the next question from the line of Rishubh Vasa from Indsec Securities and Finance 
Limited. 
Rishubh Vasa: First of all, congratulations on a good set of numbers in 3Q FY '26. Sir, I wanted to know from 
an AI and a data center perspective, what are the kind of opportunities we are seeing for our 
products and services portfolio? What is our current position versus our closest peers? And 
also, what kind of benefits do we foresee from the recent favorable budget announcements? So 
can you just put some color so that it becomes clear for us? 
Mahendra Nahata: I would not put colour, I would put the plain colur as it is , so basically, data center and 
hyperscaler demand is really propelling the fiber optic cable and associate industry as far as 
HFCL is concerned to a very next level because if you look at the telecom operators, the cable 
required maximum 288 fibers.  
We never supplied more fiber count than that to any telecom operator. Now data centers don't 
even look at 288. They are talking of 3,900 fiber cables, 6,800 fiber cables, that kind of a 
capacity. So per kilometer cost is multiple high,  so revenue also would go up.  
And since those kind of cables are manufactured by very few people because not everybody 
has the ability to design, develop and manufacture those kind of cables, which is very good for 
=== PAGE 17 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
HFCL because we are one of the company who designed, developed, have got machines to be 
able to manufacture those kind of cables, which has really lifted our Optical Fiber Cable 
business to next level.  
So it has provided a very, very large opportunity for companies who have got this 
technological and manufacturing capacity.  Moreover, we did the expansion in right time. We 
could foresee this demand coming up. We did our expansion. As a result of that, not only 
expansion but design also.  
As a result of that, today, we are able to supply to these customers who are using this kind of 
cables all across the world. We are not suppl ying in India. Everything what we produce of this 
kind of cable is getting exported. There is so much of demand we have. And in fact, now we 
have to refuse orders because we don't have capacity to manufacture that kind of requirement 
or the demand which is coming up. 
 Now second opportunity, which this market has given is Passive Connectivity Solution, like 
MPO cables, like other Passive Connectivity Solution, which, as I said in the beginning, is 
going to get us at least INR 500 crores of revenue in the next financial year, at least INR 500 
crores.  
Our people have gone abroad, got trained on various kind of technologies, manufacture of 
those Passive Connectivity Solutions have come back pretty recently. And we have started 
receiving orders for those kinds of PCS connectivity solutions . And once we complete initial 
part of supply, INR400 crores to INR 500 crores looks pretty easy to achieve.  So demand is 
there for fiber optic cable, demand is there for accessories, Passive Connectivity Solutions, 
which has given us very good opportunity. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar Leekha from Neste Wealth LLP. 
Abhishek Kumar Leekha: Congratulations on good set of numbers. My question is on fuze  test. Management was quite 
confident on the fuze test outcome as per last many calls. And given that fuze test took almost 
18 months to rectify and meet standards, what comfort can the management provide from here 
on its commercialization and time lines from here on? 
Mahendra Nahata: Look, Mr. Abhishek, as I said, these are quite complex products. I might be very confident, but 
there may be still some improvement required because assuming if fuze malfunctions, you 
would have heard one incident in Lebanon one that 2,000- pound bomb or some 20,000- pound 
bomb, whatever, the mother of all bomb what U.S. calls, they dropped, but it did not blast.  
And it was just lying there. A bomb, which could have destroyed the entire locality. It just did 
not blast, it was lying there. Why? So the fuze did not function and bomb did not blast. So fuze 
is a very, very critical piece. It requires a very, very high degree of precision, particularly the 
proximity fuze, which is where we had some technical issue. So which is being rectified.  
When something goes at a speed more than the speed of sound and it measures the distance the 
radar inside measures a distance between ground and the bomb. You can imagine what kind of 
=== PAGE 18 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
precision is required. So those things are going to be a little more calibrated. So that is 
happening now. 
 I'm sure by April, May, when the next test phase of test takes place, it should be successful. 
But if you see our comfort, I can only say that I am quite confident that it would happen. It has 
taken years for companies to reach to that level of precision, but we are doing it at a much 
faster pace, but it needs some patience. Military products, they need very high degree of 
precision, particularly something like fuze, which is a small part of the bomb, but the most 
critical part of the bomb. 
Abhishek Kumar Leekha: I understand that. The only thing was like what was worrying was like it took almost 18 
months to get the next date from DRDO timelines? 
Mahendra Nahata: It was not the DRDO  giving time. It was ammunition, which was not available from the MIL, 
the Munitions India Limited. 
Abhishek Kumar Leekha: Yes, sorry on that. Yes. 
Mahendra Nahata: That ammunition is available with us now. So DRDO testing is not the problem. Problem was 
the ammunition, which is now being available with us, it would not take that much time. 
Abhishek Kumar Leekha: Okay. Can you just provide some kind of revenue visibility for '26, '27 in case of defence line 
of products and all? 
Mahendra Nahata: Defence line of products, I think we  should be something like INR 400 crores to INR 500 
crores, something like INR400 crores to INR500 crores. 
Abhishek Kumar Leekha: Next year? 
Mahendra Nahata: Next year. 
Abhishek Kumar Leekha: Okay. 
Mahendra Nahata: Look at you must understand. It takes a lot of time to build a defence capability. Approval of 
product itself is a big issue. But once you get in, some product is approved, then you continue 
to sell it. The BMP -2 upgradation, for example. We are one of the 5 shortlisted parties. Trials 
will take place, the tender will happen and  assuming we win, assuming. I'm not saying that we 
will win, assuming. Then we straight away get thousands of crores order. And consistently, we 
are supplying for 7, 8 years. So it takes time, but I'm sure larger tenders also will come in our 
way. 
Abhishek Kumar Leekha: Yes. We look forward to that day when probably what is being envisaged is actually getting 
achieved. 
Mahendra Nahata: Yes, sure. 
Abhishek Kumar Leekha: Yes. And just one last squeeze. The active communication devices and the data centers and the 
huge cloud that is expected over the next few years because of the income tax holiday that is 
=== PAGE 19 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
being provided by the G overnment. What kind of opportunities that HFCL can get it from 
there? 
Mahendra Nahata: Look, basically, when new data centers are getting created, all whatever we are supplying to 
data centers would be in demand in India also. Right now, we are exporting, then there will be 
demand in India. Right now, data centers are coming up in India. Some of the key players are 
putting up data centers, but still not to the level what is happening worldwide.  
If you look at the United States, for example, one company just announced that they are going 
to spend $150 billion in capex on data centers. Just one company. The scale is much different.  
But yes, with these concessions, I expect that data centers will come up in India because data 
generation is huge in India because of our own population and usage of mobile phones and the 
data generations out of that.  
So there is a lot of data generation, a lot of storage and those capacities are required in India. 
So when that happens, so the same product which we are exporting will be required in India 
also. That is increase in market size for us, and we can increase our capacity to serve our own 
country's requirement. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Pushkar Jain from Mili Capital. 
Pushkar Jain: Congratulations on great set of numbers. I just wanted to know what is the current average 
realization for bare optical fiber? 
Mahendra Nahata: Bare optical fiber, currently, the price would be different for different type of fibers. But I will 
tell you, in  general -- from the point of view of comparison, what we have been doing 
previously, the price was about INR250 per kilometer in December.  
 Now this December number I'm giving you because that was the price we purchased on 
average price in that particular quarter. Now if you see these prices have gone up, this would 
be nearly about, I would say, INR300 plus. 
Pushkar Jain: Okay. And do we also sell bare optical fiber or we just use it for our internal purpose? 
Mahendra Nahata: We don't sell. We don't have the capacity to sell. We are rather buying bare optical fiber from 
other players. 
Pushkar Jain: Right, sir. And also in light with so much capacity coming on stream next year, can you give 
us some guidance on the numbers? How do you see it? 
Mahendra Nahata: Look, I would not give a guidance. I can only give my perception and expectation because 
guidance would be a wrong word to use. But fiber optic cable -- but we have been looking at 
about INR2,400 crores of revenue from Fiber Optic Cable business this current year. Next 
year, I think it should be able to cross INR3,500 crores. 
This is not my guidance, but my estimation on the basis of current demand, what we have in 
the country and export and also at the same point of time, the Passive Connectivity Solution 
demand, which I expect and also the shortage in the market. That is my best -- very, I would 
=== PAGE 20 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
say, more or less conservative expectation that we should be able to reach to INR3,500 crores 
in Fiber Optic Cable business in the next financial year. 
Pushkar Jain: Right, sir. And on the margins, we can... 
Operator: Sorry to interrupt you, sir. I will request you to kindly... 
Mahendra Nahata: No, no, just I will answer him. Margins, I think it should remain around 10% PBT margin 
should always be there. 
Pushkar Jain: Okay. On EBITDA, it will be like 18 then, somewhat in this range only? 
Mahendra Nahata: Yes, EBITDA would be same range. If PBT is the same range, EBITDA would be in the same 
range. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Amar Ahir from Raedan Capital. 
Amar Ahir:  I want to ask is the optic fiber cable and optic fiber production capacities that you are adding, 
is that going to push? And what will be the revenues you bring in there? 
Mahendra Nahata: Yes. Mr., your voice is broken again and again. I could not even understand your question. 
Amar Ahir: Is it okay now, sir? 
Mahendra Nahata: It is right now okay, but please tell your question again. 
Amar Ahir: Yes, sure. The optic fiber cable and the optic fiber production capacities that you're going to 
expand, when will that commence? And what revenues will that bring in? 
Mahendra Nahata: No, I already said that, that production capacity enhancement is already in process. It is 
already happening. It is happening step by step because all machines are not delivered at the 
same time. So it is already in process. The cable capacity enhancement, what is the current 
stage we have planned, would finish by May, June this year. 
And the fiber capacity expansion would finish by December this year because the machine 
delivery is a longer time frame. So that will finish by November, December this year. So that 
is as far as capacity enhancement is concerned. 
 And as far as the revenue is concerned, I just now said to the best of my expectation, 
depending on the current situation and best of my knowledge and expectation, instead of 
INR2,400 crores, which we have planned for the current year, we should be able to reach 
INR3,400 crores to INR3,500 crores in the next financial year for the Fiber Optic Cable 
business. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Arun Malhotra from CapGrow Capital. 
Arun Malhotra: Yes. 
Operator: Mr. Malhotra, I'm sorry to interrupt you, sir. Your voice is breaking drastically. 
=== PAGE 21 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Arun Malhotra: Yes. So what I was saying when the outlook for the OFC business and the Defence business is 
so good, why are we diluting the existing shareholders? We have done equity raise in 2021, '23 
and now again in '25, and our debt to equity is still quite low. So why the equity raise at such 
low valuations? 
Mahendra Nahata: You need money for growth. Now question is, if you need money for growth, more working 
capital and what else you can do? You have to raise money. You have to raise money and 
also... 
Arun Malhotra: So you can always raise debt because debt is always cheaper? 
Mahendra Nahata: No, it's not necessarily that we will raise debt only. We raised debt. We have raised some debt 
also. We have raised equity also, both. It's a combination of both. 
Arun Malhotra: Okay. Because your stake has come down from 39  to 28 in the last 3 years when the prospects 
of the business are the best. So, that’s what my point.... 
Mahendra Nahata: We have diluted our stake, we have invested our own money in the Company. 
Arun Malhotra: Okay. I was saying promoter shareholding. Okay. I got your point. So, the second point was 
the percentage of the order book towards government is right now close to 70% as per the 
presentation. The percentage of the current revenues is only 20% because 80% is private? 
Mahendra Nahata: That is right. That is right. You must understand. 
Arun Malhotra: So that means the mix in the future will change? 
Mahendra Nahata: No . Government -- that's what you must understand. A good question and a good observation. 
Look, what happens, the government orders have come in a bunch, BharatNet, for example, 
which is a 3 -year order, but it's a multiple thousand crores order. So when you see the order 
book, it looks large, but execution is in 3 to 4 years. So execution takes time. 
So percentage of revenue goes down, whereas the private sector orders come in smaller 
numbers, INR200 crores, INR300 crores, INR100 crores, INR50 crores, and that execution is 
also faster. So private sector order booking will remain always lower than the government 
sector, but revenue would always be higher from the private sector than the government sector. 
 And again, another point you should see, the O&M revenue is also in the part of the 
government order. So O&M revenue bunched with the order book of the current equipment 
and all that becomes even higher. So the current order book for the O&M itself is about 
INR3,000 crores. So because the O&M, it looks higher. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. 
Saket Kapoor: Namaskar, Nahata ji. 
Mahendra Nahata: Sir, I was waiting for you. 
=== PAGE 22 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, I have been in queue  since the beginning. So, the call was very exhaustive and 
detailed. So, sir, congratulations to all of you for that. Very detailed one. So, I have only one 
observation. And if Jain sir, can shed some light on that. When we look at our revenues on a 
consolidated basis, the revenue is at INR1,211 crores. And when we look down at the 
profitability, the profit from the telecom product is at INR202 crores with revenue of telecom 
product at INR722 crores. Jain sir? 
Vijay Raj Jain: Yes, yes.  
Saket Kapoor: Sir, when we look at the stand-alone numbers, the revenue of the telecom product is at INR702 
crores and the profitability is at INR137 crores. So, please explain that the revenue increases 
by INR20 crores  and our profit increases by INR70 crores. So, how should the investors 
understand this in consolidation? Sir, please shed some light on this. 
Vijay Raj Jain: Sir, HFCL stand -alone basis, it has multiple businesses including optic fiber cable, telecom 
product, turnkey projects and all that. When we come to the  consolidation, it is mainly HTL 
Limited and HFCL Inc., which is 100% subsidiary in US.  So, these two companies are 
exclusively into Optic Fiber Cable business where the margins are also high. 
So, what happens eventually, HFCL and HTL manufactures product here, cable here in 
India and exports to HFCL Inc. In turn, HFCL Inc. sells materials to various respective 
customers. So, this last quarter, December ended, a lot of inventories got stuck there. So,  this 
revenue has not increased substantially, but the profitability has increased because  of the 
revenue mix. So, HTL and HFCL Inc., they are 100% Optic Fiber Cable. So, that is how it is in 
consol basis, profitability looks much better than the stand-alone.  
Saket Kapoor: Okay. So going ahead, the sales will get reflected and then at that time, the profitability will 
not be there. So we have booked the profitability for this quarter. 
Mahendra Nahata: There will be... 
Vijay Raj Jain: Profitability will be there. Profitability is booked only when the final sales takes place to the 
end customer. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. Better would be, sir, I'll take it offline, because I did not understand completely. 
Mahendra Nahata: Because when we sell it to our own company, we don't book the revenue or profit. It is booked 
when it goes to the ultimate customer. So with this unfortunate incidence of tariff and all that, 
these all things got stuck and that's how you see this anomaly. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay, sir. Sir, can you give me the net debt number and the cost of fund currently, or our 
rating is due for revision? 
Vijay Raj Jain: Our rating is due in May-June,  but we will try and post this December quarter result, we can 
approach again to the rating agency. 
Saket Kapoor: And what is the net debt number, sir? 
=== PAGE 23 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Vijay Raj Jain: Sir, it is around INR1,500 crores, including term  loan, working capital facilities, some bill 
discounting and all that, some payment to these MSME vendors and all that. All taken 
together, it is INR1,500 crores.  
Saket Kapoor: One more request, sir, that the level of work that we are doing currently and the type 
of businesses we have, we should also look at people like CRISIL or ICRA or India rating as 
our consultant for evaluating our credit rationale also. That's a humble suggestion from my 
side, if that could be looked ahead in the near future, sir. 
Vijay Raj Jain: Yes, we can, we are associated with CARE for a very, very long time. So -- but we can explore 
all those possibilities, yes. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take the last question for today, which is from the line of Parth 
Mehta, an Individual Investor. 
Parth Mehta: Sir, my only question was, could you please throw some light on the guidance for 5G 
businesses for the next year and on the revenue front? And defence, you have guided, but the 
5G product side, the revenue guidance for the next year? 
Mahendra Nahata: There are products which are used for 4G, 5G, 6G, everything. So routers, for example, that's 
used for everything. The UBR is used for all 4G, 5G everyone. So I would not be saying 5G 
products, but telecom products, I would say. So I would expect something like INR500 crores. 
Parth Mehta: Okay. Okay. And sir, the services business, I understood that you said that O&M is also doing 
-- contributing and that is the reason why we have made losses because we are spending 
money at the moment. But any guidance for services business going forward as well? 
Mahendra Nahata: No, no. As I said, Army alone, we should be getting INR170 crores a year. They are BNG, 
OTN, UBR, all this. In three  years' time, we said two  to three years' time, INR400 crores to 
INR500 crores would be our revenue from O&M. 
Parth Mehta: Okay. And ex O&M and normal service business, we are not continuing with that? 
Mahendra Nahata: No, we are not doing any other normal service business, except doing EPC construction and all 
that. But no other service business we are doing. It's the O&M. 
Parth Mehta: So sir, EPC business guidance would you be able to give? 
Mahendra Nahata: I would say roughly about INR1,000 crores. 
Parth Mehta: INR1,000 crores a year? So that is much... 
Mahendra Nahata: Next year. 
Parth Mehta: Yes, yes. So that is much lesser than what we have been doing in the past, is it? 
Mahendra Nahata: So past this year, we would be doing INR1,500 crores. We are intentionally not doing much of 
EPC because that's not the area we are much interested. We are more interested in Defence 
=== PAGE 24 ===
 HFCL Limited 
  February 03, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
business, Fiber Optic Cable business, Telecom Equipment business, EPC is not our priority 
business. So I would have got more contracts for EPC. Even if I want today, I can get another 
INR1,000 crores contracts for EPC, but I'm not taking that. 
Operator: As that was the last question for the day due to time constraints, investors may reach out to the 
Investor Relations team for any further clarifications. Ladies and gentlemen, I would now like 
to hand the conference over to Mr. Nahata for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Mahendra Nahata: Thank you very much, all my friends, shareholders for this earnings call of quarter 3. And I am 
quite sure based on the current order book and current demand scenario of the products which 
we manufacture and the turnkey contracts we are in process of executing that we'll continue to 
maintain the momentum which we have shown in Q3. 
And the same momentum should continue to happen in the coming quarters also because the 
demand of our key products like fiber, fiber optic cable and also some of the telecom 
equipment like routers is very, very good. It's a very good demand, and we have got confirmed 
orders in hand from large players. And more orders are expected in near future and midterm 
and long-term future also. 
So we will maintain the momentum what we have shown in the third quarter and expect that 
Company would be able to show even further improved performances in the coming quarters. 
Thank you very much, gentlemen. Thank you for being with us today. 
Operator: Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that 
concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 