
=== PAGE 1 ===
 
 
  
   
 
www.stl.tech 
 
Sterlite Technologies Limited 
Registered office: 4th Floor, Godrej Millennium, Koregaon Road 9, STS 12/1, Pune, Maharashtra- 411 001, India.                                 
CIN - L31300PN2000PLC202408 
 
January 29, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)    
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip ID - STLTECH 
 
BSE Limited 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
 
Scrip Code - 532374 
Sub.:  TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CALL - FINANCIAL RESULTS Q3FY26  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In furtherance of our letter dated January 13, 2026, please find enclosed transcript of earnings call held on January 
23, 2026 in respect of Company’s Q3 FY26 financial results. 
The same is also being hosted on the website of the Company and is available under the tab ‘FINANCIAL RESULTS- 
INVESTOR EARNINGS TRANSCRIPT’ drop down available at  https://stl.tech/wp-content/uploads/2026/01/Q3FY26-
Earnings-call-transcript.pdf 
 
Kindly take this on record and acknowledge the same.  
 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sterlite Technologies Limited 
 
Mrunal Asawadekar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A 24346 
 
Encl.: As above. 
=== PAGE 2 ===
Page 1 of 20 
 
  
Sterlite Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
January 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                            
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANKIT AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
STERLITE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 MR. AJAY JHANJHARI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
STERLITE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
  

=== PAGE 3 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sterlite Technologies Limited Q3 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. Before we proceed with the call, let me remind you 
that the discussion may contain forward- looking statements that may involve known 
or unknown risks, uncertaintie s and other factors. It must be viewed in conjunction 
with our business risks that could cause future results performance or achievement to 
differ significantly from what is expressed or implied in such forward-looking 
statements. 
 Please note that we have uploaded the results and earnings call presentation on STL's 
website and the same is available on the exchange. In case you have not received the 
same, you can write to us, and we'll be happy to send the same to you. To take us 
through the results and answer your questions today, we have the senior management 
of Sterlite Technologies Limited, represented by Mr. Ankit Agarwal; the Managing 
Director; and Mr. Ajay Jhanjhari, Chief Financial Officer. We will start the call with a 
brief overview of the quarter gone past and then conduct the Q&A session.  
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing sta r then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that if this conference is being recorded. 
 I will now hand over the call to Mr. Ankit. Over to you, sir. 
Ankit Agarwal: Thank you. Good day, everyone. Thank you for joining STL's Q 3 FY '26 Earnings 
Call. I'll begin by walking you through the key highlights from our investor 
presentation, after which, Ajay, our CFO, will take you through the financials. 
 STL is a global leader in digital connectivity infrastructure serving telecom operators, 
data centers, citizen networks as well as large enterprises. We operate through two 
business divisions, Optical Networking business, ONB, which gives us end -to-end 
play in optical fiber, fiber cable, specialty cables as well as connectivity. Our digital 
and technology solutions at cloud, cybersecurity, enterprise SaaS, AI and product 
engineering. 
 We are #1 in India as an end-to-end optical manufacturer with almost 8% optical fiber 
cable market share outside of China. With 30-plus years of leadership, more than 780 
patents and 10 plus zero waste manufacturing facilities worldwide, STL is leading the 
next wave of global digital infrastructure. 
 At STL, we are amongst very few companies in the world to have mastered the journey 
from glass to gigabit. It starts with the purest grade of silicon, which we transformed 
through advanced processes like silicon tetrachloride formation, chemical vapor 
=== PAGE 4 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
deposition and high-precision sintering to create ultra-pure glass preforms, which are 
the backbone of optical fiber. 
 From there, we draw the highest-grade optical fiber, design high-density cables, and 
develop reliable connectivity products that power data centers and telecom networks 
around the world. This full -stack integration right from raw material, and network 
deployment gives STL a unique edge in quality, cost efficiency and innovation across 
the connectivity value chain. 
 This deep integration enables us to engineer next -generation fiber cable and 
connectivity solutions that are redefining global connectivity. Our end- to-end 
innovation from material science to smart optical systems help global network builders 
create faster, denser and more reliable networks in the AI era. 
 As we complete 9 M FY '26, our strategic direction in Optical Networking remains 
unchanged. We continue to focus on gaining market share in optical fiber cables, 
improving connectivity attach rates and expanding our data center portfolio to meet 
the growing demand from AI-led infrastructure. At the same time, we are strengthening 
our technology and cost leadership in the optical domain. 
 Beyond growth, our mission is to build for the future through STL Digital. We are 
investing in technology and domain capabilities to create long-term differentiation 
while ensuring all initiatives deliver profitable and sustainable growth. These priorities 
will guide us through the rest of FY '26 and beyond, enabling us to not only meet 
today's needs, but to shape the digital networks of tomorrow. 
 Moving on, we will now speak about our performance in the Optical Networking 
business and our focused journey towards gaining our market share. We  are at the 
intersection of 3 powerful multiyear investment cycles, FTTx, data centers and 5G, 
creating a strong structural tailwind of optical infrastructure. 
 FTTx is accelerating globally, with deployments rising from 151 million fiber 
kilometers to 170 million fiber kilometers by 2030. In the U.S. alone, over 100 million 
homes will be served by fiber by 2030, supported by large government programs like 
BEAD and BharatNet in India. 
 Data centers are the fastest-growing driver of fiber demand. CRU projects global DC-
led demand to grow at 76% CAGR from 2025 with hyperscalers driving long haul and 
inter data centre connectivity. Global DC capex is expected to approach almost $600 
billion by 2027. 5G is also scaling rapidly with 6.3 billion subscriptions expected by 
2030, carrying 80% of all mobile data traffic. 
=== PAGE 5 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 This requires a massive amount of fiber backhaul, fronthaul and network densification. 
Together, these 3 cycles are creating a structural multiyear demand tailwind for fiber 
and connectivity positioning STL at the center of the next global digital infrastructure 
buildout. 
 Next, we show you how global telecom and technology leaders like AT&T, Unity, BT 
and many others are aligned in backing optical fiber as the base of the digital future 
across 5G, broadband data centers and AI infrastructure. The takeaway is simple: Fiber 
remains the backbone of all digital infrastructure. 
 Moving on, slide 11 shows how the AI revolution and the rapid data expansion are 
creating once -in-a-generation opportunity for optical connectivity. Data center 
capacity is expected to grow sharply over the decade with significant share of new 
demand coming from AI-led infrastructure. 
 Hyperscalers are stepping up investments, pushing global data center IT spending 
towards multitrillion dollar levels. AI data centers are fundamentally different as they 
are far more fiber intensive . GPU dense racks need almost up to 36x more fiber in 
traditional CPU setups and overall fiber density is almost 70% higher. This is driving 
a strong surge in fiber demand within the data centers. 
 At the same time, data centers are increasingly being connected to each other, which 
is accelerating growth in data center interconnect market. This segment is expected to 
more than double by 2030, adding another large source of fiber demand globally. We 
are well positioned for this shift. Our end-to -end make in India for the world AI DC 
portfolio is built for the GPU dense, high bandwidth low latency environment. 
 Our enterprise and data center business is gaining traction with 20% revenue 
contribution in YTD FY '26, and we remain on track to scale this to 30% and expect it 
to be a key growth driver in the medium term. According to CRU, global optical cable 
demand growth for 2025 has been upgraded to about 4% year-on-year, reflecting 
strong visibility led main ly by North American data center build- out and improving 
execution in China. 
 Importantly, demand is now consistently outpacing domestic supply in North America, 
keeping the lead times tight. Looking ahead, North America is set to be the main 
growth engine powered by AI- led data centers, DCI builds and continued FTTx 
expansion. 
 CRU expects it to deliver the strongest regional growth of 13.7% CAGR through 2030. 
APAC, excluding China, is the second major growth pillar, growing at almost 6% 
=== PAGE 6 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
CAGR led by India and Southeast Asia. This is supported by projects like BharatNet, 
higher Telco capex and rising data center investments. 
 Overall, this points to a sustained multiyear upcycle in fiber demand with North 
America and APAC ex-China, both core STL focused markets going forward. We are 
also seeing positive momentum in India, Southeast Asia and parts of Europe, which 
also aligned with our strategy. 
 Our order intake clearly shows how STL is capitalizing on the market recovery. YTD 
FY '26, we have recorded INR4,263 crores in orders, a strong 40.3% growth over last 
year. This reflects both improved demand and our ability to win at scale. The 
momentum is driven by 3 main factors: First, large-scale data center connectivity wins 
aligned with global infrastructure build-outs. Second, a breakthrough into Tier 1 North 
American telecom customers, strengthening our presence in a critical market. And 
third, well-deserved diversified order book, balancing capex-led builds with long-term 
service contracts. Overall, this performance reinforces our strategic positioning and 
gives us strong visibility and confidence as we move forward. 
 Let me briefly highlight how STL is strengthening its innovation leadership. This 
quarter, we advanced next-generation optical technologies. Our MOU with QNu Labs, 
a deep tech cybersecurity firm position us with quantum secure communications, while 
successful multi -core trials with Colt, a premier digital infrastructure company in 
London in the United Kingdom, validated our readiness for real-world deployment. 
 Our products, we continue to scale across fiber connectivity and copper. We expanded 
our IBR, intermittent bonded ribbon, portfolio to 1,728 fibers and 3,456 fibers for data 
centers, enhanced data center micro cables, launched a nano DC portfolio as well a s 
OptoFit connectivity solutions. 
 In addition, we also secured railway signaling approvals in copper for supporting our 
diversification. Our innovation is backed by a strong IP engine with 780 patents, 
including 23 new filings in the last quarter. We're also building future capability 
through Hollow-Core fiber for ultra-low latency and AI-enabled fiber sensing, which 
is seeing growing commercial adoption. 
 STL won 4 major awards in 2025 across data center innovation, leadership cabling and 
social impact. We are delivering global first. India's first quantum secured networks, 
green hydrogen projects, the world's slimmest 160 -micron fiber showing STL 
leadership in high- performance and sustainable solutions.  Overall, this reflects our 
focused approach in deep tech innovation, IP -led differentiation and long-term value 
creation.  
=== PAGE 7 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Slide 15 of the presentation showcases our strengthened data center portfolio with the 
launch of the world's slimmest 864 fibers in a ribbon cable. We now offer full stack 
DC connectivity suite, fib er and copper cabling, pre -terminate systems and high-
density IBR designed for faster deployment, low latency and scalability. 
 The portfolio is AI and hyperscale ready, meeting global standards and sustainability 
requirements. It is supported by in-house future-ready manufacturing and a strong go-
to partnership. 
 Slide 16 highlights STL leadership in multi-core fiber, a key enabler in quantum-safe 
multi-terabit networks. Multi-core fibers allow 4 to 7x higher capacity with the same 
physical footprint, improving space efficiency while lowering deployment 
infrastructure cost s, making it ideal for AI data centers, long-haul 5G and high-
performance interconnects. 
 We have shown strong capability, enabling India's first quantum key distribution over 
multi-core fiber, completing live 100-kilometer testing and becoming the first globally 
to deploy multicore fiber in both aerial and underground networks, further validat ing 
our successful trials with Colt in the U.K. 
 Overall, this positions STL at the forefront of quantum -safe next-generation optical 
networks with strong relevance for global hyperscalers and carriers. Looking ahead to 
STL's next-generation fiber portfolio, we have 2 exciting launches coming up, G.654.E 
and Hollow-Core fiber. To start with, G.654.E delivers around 30% lower signal loss 
along with the larger core. This makes it ideal for AI-led high-power, long-distance 
networks such as 400-gig, 800-gig data center links, national backbone and subsea 
cables. 
 At the same time, Hollow-Core fiber is truly a game changer because the light travels 
through air filled core, it offers 30% to 47% lower latency, and it supports extremely 
high bandwidth. As a result, it opens up major opportunities in data center interconnect, 
sensing and quantum communications. Put together, these launches will place STL 
among a select group of very few global players ready for l arge-scale G.654.E 
deployment and early leadership in Hollow-Core fiber, exactly where the future of fast 
low latency networks is headed. 
 Speaking of our market position and attach rate trends, our global ex- China OFC 
market share remains stable at 8% YTD FY '26, reflecting disciplined execution in a 
competitive market with clear focus on gaining our share over time through our 
technologies. 
=== PAGE 8 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 Our optical connectivity attaches rates moderated to 17% in year-to-date FY '26 from 
22% in FY '25. This was primarily driven by product mix and project timing, along 
with a sharp acceleration in OFC revenues leading to a higher base. We view this 
moderation as temporary. And importantly, the long-term opportunity of connectivity 
remains strong. 
 Our portfolio is expanding, and we are increasingly focused on selling our integrated 
solutions of the cable and connectivity rather than standalone products. Taken together, 
this shows that our core OFC business is stable, while there is a clear runway to drive 
higher value through attach-led growth over the medium term. 
 Now turning on to the financial performance of Optical Networking business. In Q3 
FY '26, the revenues came at INR  1,174 crores, reflecting a strong volume recovery 
and growth QoQ and YoY basis. For YTD FY '26 revenues increased to INR  3,115 
crores, indicating sustained momentum. 
 On profitability, Q 3 FY '26 EBITDA margin was 11.2%, moderating versus earlier 
quarters due to tariff-related headwinds. However, EBITDA in absolute terms grew 
with YTD FY '26 EBITDA at INR 404 crores, supporting margin recovery as volume 
scale and the costs normalize. Overall, this reflects improving top line traction and 
clear path to margin recovery as operating leverage kicks in. 
 Let me now take you through a continued growth momentum in STL Digital. We have 
global delivery footprints across India, U.S. and U.K. with strong capabilities in data 
analytics, AI, cloud, cybersecurity and enterprise SaaS, serving diversified industry 
verticals. 
 During Q3, we added a new major customer, taking our total base to 34 and secured 
U.S. dollar multimillion SAP S/4HANA deal with U.S. -based health care major, 
demonstrating execution capability in large complex programs. Our team now 
comprise of 1,120 consultants supporting growth deal sizes and multiservice 
engagements. 
 Financially, we closed the quarter with an open order book of INR  276 crores, 
providing strong revenue visibility. Overall, STL Digital is well positioned for scalable 
growth, driven by customer centricity, innovation and increased deal depth. 
 Moving to the next slide, we showcased steady progress in our digital business, both 
on scale and profitability. Q 3 FY '26 revenue was INR  86 crores with stable 
performance over the 9M at INR 215 crores, broadly in line with the last year despite 
a tough environment. 
=== PAGE 9 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 More importantly, Q3 FY '26 EBITDA was INR 1 crore, marking another consecutive 
EBITDA positive quarter, reflects operating discipline and better project quality. 
While still in the scale-up phase, the business is clearly moving in the right direction 
while stabilizing revenues and improving profitability.  
Now I will hand over the call to Ajay to take you through the financials. 
Ajay Jhanjhari: Thank you, Ankit, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. I'll take you through 
the key financial highlights for Q3 and YTD FY '26.  Our revenue for Q3 stood at 
INR1,257 crores, reflecting strong growth momentum with YTD FY '26 revenue up 
12% YoY at INR3,311 crores. Growth was broad-based across business segments. 
EBITDA for Q3 was INR 129 crores with a margin of 10.3%. Margins moderated in 
the near term due to tariff headwinds. 
 For YTD FY '26, EBITDA grew 35% YoY to INR410 crores, with margins improving 
to 12.4% YoY. That before exceptional items stood at INR  9 crores in the current 
fiscal, compared to a loss of INR78 crores last year, a clear turnaround, which 
highlights strengthening underlying profitability of the business. The exceptional item 
for the quarter includes a onetime impact of INR 15 crores related to the new labor 
code. Overall, the business continues to scale with improving earnings quality. 
 Operational EBITDA has improved for 5 consecutive quarters, rising from 11.2% in 
Q2 of FY '25 to 17.9% in Q3 of FY '26, driven by a richer product mix and a higher 
contribution from the U.S. market. However, the U.S. tariff reset effective mid Q2 of 
FY '26 created a temporary headwind, reducing reported EBITDA by almost 760 bps 
in Q3 of the current fiscal and bringing the reported margins to 10.3%. 
 While underlying margin momentum remains strong, we have proactively started 
implementing some mitigation measures, such as passing on some proportion of tariff 
cost to customers and aggressively ramping up local production in the U.S. facility. 
We still remain hopeful of early resolution of the India-U.S. bilateral trade agreement, 
which will provide a clear path for further margin expansion. 
 From a geographic standpoint, our revenue mix continues to diversify. North America 
share increased from 25% in FY '25 to 36% in the current financial year, while Europe 
remains a significant contributor at 40%. This balanced regional footprint reduces 
concentration risk and positions us well to capture growth across key global markets. 
 Moving to the order book, we have seen continued momentum this quarter. Our open 
order book stood at INR5,325 crores, up from INR5,188 crores in Q2 FY '26, reflecting 
healthy order inflows and strong market confidence. Of this, INR 988 crores is slated 
for execution in the next quarter, while the remaining INR 4,337 crores is scheduled 
=== PAGE 10 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
for execution over FY '27 and beyond. This robust order pipeline provides strong 
revenue visibility and reinforces our growth outlook for the year. 
 On Slide 30, we have shared an abridged snapshot of our reported numbers for your 
reference. Net debt stands at INR1,331 crores with debt-to-equity ratio of 0.87 and net 
debt to EBITDA at 2.58x. 
 With this now, I hand it over back to Ankit for updates on our social responsibility 
initiatives and closing remarks. 
Ankit Agarwal: Thank you, Ajay. STL's CSR initiatives continue to create a strong and measurable 
impact across health care and education. Our flagship health care program, Swasthya 
Suraksha, on the Best Rural Healthcare Initiative of the year 2025 at the India Social 
Impact Awards, recognizing a sustained contribution to rural and tribal health care. 
 In education, the RoboEdge Program, we see the best educational support initiative of 
the year 2025 at the Indian CSR Awards for Advantage STEM -learning and 
innovation. RoboEdge students are also excelled globally in International Robotics 
Championship 2025, winning multiple podium positions, 9 students represent India 
showcasing talent, teamwork and innovation, reflecting STL's commitment to build a 
stronger future-ready society. 
 At STL, sustainability is central to our focus. We are proud to hold an MSCI ESG A 
rating and are committed to achieving net zero emission by 2030. Our strategy is built 
on 3 pillars, environmental sustainability. Since FY '19, we have diverted 276,000 
metric ton of waste, recycled almost 11 million cubic meters of water and reduced over 
43,000 tons of carbon through energy efficiency. Over 36% of our procurement is 
local, and we partnered with Hygenco's advance green hydrogen. 
 Social responsibility. A ligned with the 16 UN SDGs, we have positively impacted 
920,000 lives through education, empowerment  and health care, alongside installing 
4,500 kilowatts of solar capacity.  
 Strong governance. With 2 big 4 auditors and robust governance committees, we have 
earned 100-plus ESG awards since FY '19. 
 Notably, STL is the world's first optic fiber manufacturer certified with zero liquid 
discharge and zero waste-to-landfill, setting a true industry benchmark. Let me close 
now with our focus areas. In optical, our goal is to be the world's top 3, driving 
innovation and cost leadership, growing in focused markets, increasing connectivity 
attach rates and rapidly scaling our data center portfolio. This strengthens  STL's role 
as a key enabler of global digital infrastructure. 
=== PAGE 11 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 In digital, our priority is simple, grow revenue with profitability through disciplined 
execution and scalable platforms. These priorities position STL for sustainable long-
term growth. With this, I will close my opening remarks and hand over to the operator 
to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much.  The first question is from the line of Mr. Jalaj from Svan 
Investment. Please go ahead.  
Jalaj: Sir, my first question was around the tariffs and the impact on the margins. So two 
parts of it, firstly, should we consider this is the maximum impact the tariffs would 
have had because since it was the full quarter impact we would have had this quarter, 
first part. 
 And secondly, how are we looking to mitigate the impact going forward? What sorts 
of discussions are we having with the clients? And secondly, what actions are we 
taking? One you have mentioned specifically about opening up the plant in the U.S., 
is there some other way of processing or different location altogether, something on 
those lines? 
Ankit Agarwal: Thank you. So as we shared, this has been a full quarter of the tariff impact. Definitely, 
ultimately, the amount of tariff we pay is a function of the amount of business that we 
do, particularly the products that we manufacture from India and we sell into the U.S. 
market. 
 As you also mentioned, we do have some options in terms of our manufacturing facility 
that we have in the U.S. and ensuring that, that is utilized to the best possibility. We 
are evaluating various other options of how we can reduce our impact of the tariffs, 
but principally, as we have shared, our focus markets and our growth markets continue 
to be in the U.S. and Europe, in particular. 
 So we do see that these will be markets where we will continue to focus in terms of 
volume. And in terms of the tariff impact itself, definitely, we will see what more we 
can do to reduce the percentage that is impactful to us.  Beyond this, I would not  be 
able to share for competitive reasons and confidentiality reasons. 
Jalaj: Got it, sir. And sir, one more point was, so let's assume, there's a tariff of 20% on the 
goods. So, the realizations we are booking in our P&L right now would be, if the item 
was worth 100, so we are booking it at 125 right now? 
Ankit Agarwal: So, the tariff is actually a cost which is on us. It is now up to us whether we can pass 
it on to the end customers or not. So, the realization will include every cost, which we 
are incurring in order to get the revenue. 
=== PAGE 12 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Jalaj: Sir, so just to get it right. So let us assume if the growth is 20%, so it will be partially 
because of the tariffs. 
Ankit Agarwal: So, Jalaj, just in order to answer your question. What you have to see is the PO from 
end customer doesn't mention what is the tariff and what is the cost of the goods. So, 
the PO comes for the entire amount. Now, the question I can delink with it is whether 
the customer is absorbing the cost of tariff or not. Currently, we are in the process of 
negotiation because this is the time when we enter into new contracts; that is going on. 
So, then the impact on customers because of the tariff will be clearly visible, not right 
now. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mr. Nikhil Choudhary from Nuvama. 
Nikhil Choudhary: Congratulations on very strong revenue growth. First question, Ankit, on AI 
opportunity. So, we have been talking about the portfolio we are creating, especially 
related to AI products. Where we are in that journey and the 30% revenue comment, 
which you gave earlier, any possible timeline where we can reach 30% revenue from 
enterprise business? 
Ankit Agarwal: Yes. So, I think definitely, as we have been speaking, this is a pretty interesting market 
dynamics where you have the telecom operators looking to build out networks for 
themselves. They are also building interconnects for the data center requirements. And 
then you got the data centers themselves putting fiber within the data centers and in 
between data centers. 
 So clearly, fiber is the preferred medium. What we are clearly seeing is that the density 
requirements are increasing where space is clearly a constraint, and a lot of our focus 
on our product development, our IP and our technology has been to solve for some of 
these challenges. Happy to share that we continue to make good progress QoQ. 
 If you would have seen the press release, we shared, we had almost INR500 crores of 
orders broadly from the enterprise and data center segment. So, this is where our 
portfolio is now getting converted into good order wins. And as the demand continues, 
as our portfolio continues to improve, both on cable and connectivity, we do expect 
this ratio that we spoke about 20% to move towards 30% in probably next 12 to 18 
months. 
Nikhil Choudhary: Great, very encouraging. Second, just on margin part. I think you partially addressed 
it that you are taking some mitigation measures to reduce the overall impact, but where 
could we see margin, let's say, going ahead? Any rough,  even directional comment 
about where we are heading? If we include everything, the mitigation measure, internal 
efficiency, where the margin could settle, let's say in FY '27? 
=== PAGE 13 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Ankit Agarwal: We won't be able to give a specific number, but what we have discussed Nikhil, in our 
previous calls as well. Directionally, this is a business where if we operate with the 
right utilizations of 70% plus, we are confident that ultimately, this is a business that 
should be 20% EBITDA margins. 
 And actually, you can see that in our results already that if you exclude the tariff 
impact, then we would almost be at that 19 -odd-percent, 18%, 19%.  So, I think 
directionally, the volumes are increasing, our utilizations are improving and how it's a 
function of how we can mitigate the impact of tariffs, look at other ways to reduce our 
costs, and that should help us in our margins going forward. 
 But as you can appreciate, it's a very dynamic situation in terms of tariffs. There are 
live conversations going on between the governments in terms of where it settles. So, 
I think hopefully, we get some input from the government in the next few months. 
Nikhil Choudhary: Got it, Ankit. Last one, it's early, but just wanted your thought on possible impact of 
Europe-India FTA, if you have any. That's it from my side. 
Ankit Agarwal: No, nothing currently at the moment, again, we are very well set up in terms of our 
operations in Italy, we  have scaled that up quite well. We, of course, also have 
customers in the U.K., which would be outside of the safety, and already, we do not 
have any tariff to that effect in the U.K. So overall, I think it would be neutral to us in 
terms of the impact. Ajay, do you want to add anything? 
Ajay Jhanjhari: So that can increase the beneficial position for us in future. But right now, because we 
are having a local manufacturing setup already there, we do not see much impact. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, firstly, just to clarify. The 2 factors that attributed to the lowering of margins are 
particularly the labour law implementation which affected the P&L and the tariff 
impact. Are these two the key reasons why the margins are lowered to 10.3% EBITDA 
margin? 
Ajay Jhanjhari: So, labour code impact we have considered as an exceptional item. So that is not 
reflected in the EBITDA margin. So, the only impact, which is material enough, is the 
tariff impact, which we have clearly demonstrated, if you see on the investor 
presentation. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And sir, taking that into foray, if you could just elaborate, just quantify for us 
how much have been the impact, as Ankitji was mentioning about the PO order from 
the customer that does not take into factor the tariff impact, so which line item does  
=== PAGE 14 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
the tariff get displayed? Whether it is the other expenses or the cost of raw material, 
where do we factor in the tariff impact? 
Ajay Jhanjhari: So generally, the tariff impact on the exports, what we do is settled in the cost of raw 
material and components consumed; then because we have a local manufacturing unit, 
part of it is also in the Others. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And next question number 2 was, sir, regarding the utilization levels for the U.S. 
and how are the OF and the OFC prices currently trending, sir? 
Ankit Agarwal: Saket, so as we said last time also, we are not disclosing our utilization levels at unit 
level or company level. But broadly, what we can share is that the utilizations have 
improved QoQ. 
 One thing that we are mindful of, particularly in our glass operations, is availability of 
germanium. As we have shared in the past as well, this is something that is tightly 
controlled, particularly in China. And so the continued availability of germanium will 
be important factor for our manufacturing of glass and then ultimately, fiber and cable. 
 So that is something that we are mindful of, but we are taking all actions to mitigate 
that risk. From the pricing perspective, I think, overall, it has been stable. It has been 
steady, both in China as well as in globally. So, I don't see any concern on that side. 
And as we said, that ultimately for players like us who are supplying into Europe and 
U.S., we are focused on long-term contracts with our customers, whether it  is on the 
telecom side or the data center side. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. So, your small answer is that prices have remained, the realizations have 
remained somewhat flattened or in the same vicinity that was for the second quarter. 
So, there is no uptick, yes? 
Ankit Agarwal: Yes, there is no decline for sure. I think the prices always vary a little bit by market. 
But as I said, for us, we do not really play in the spot market at all. We are just focused 
on our solutions for long-term contracts with our customers. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay. And last point was about the BharatNet rolling out, sir, and our participation in 
the same. How are we seeing traction on ground with respect to how the rollout for 
BharatNet has been, sir, in the country? 
Ankit Agarwal: I think it is currently going on. This is a Phase 3 that is going on. And as you know, 
our group company, Invenia has secured Jammu Kashmir package, where we will be 
supplying the cable on arm's length basis. So that is going on. We have also achieved 
what is called a MAF, Manufacturing Authorization Form from a few other bidders. 
=== PAGE 15 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
And it is still initial stages in terms of the execution. So probably through  the course 
of this year and next 2, 3 years is where we expect the rollout of the optical fiber cable. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mr. Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. 
Balasubramanian: Sir, my first question, I think we are working on next -generation fiber technologies, 
especially when we can expect commercial rollout for Hollow -Core fiber, HCF and 
G.654.E fiber, and what is the projected adoption rates in long-haul networks and data 
center interconnects? 
Ankit Agarwal: So, I will touch on Hollow-Core first. I think that it is a very exciting technology. It's 
in the public domain that particularly Microsoft and Amazon are really looking to 
deploy this at a good amount of scale. We are also seeing some deployments of this in 
China as well. So clearly, it is moved from, say, the phase of concept to being on the 
ground. I think practically over the next 2 to 3 years is when we see larger scale rollouts 
happening. 
 There are , say, commercial challenges to deploy this fiber in terms of the cost of 
manufacturing is extremely high, and the process speeds are very, very low for all the 
manufacturers globally. So, this is where there will be certain time and effort to scale 
this up and make it viable from a larger scale perspective, but the impact to the network 
and the impact to the hyperscalers is very real. So, it is quite an exciting time to work 
with them. 
 Just to be clear, there are no global standards still set on Hollow-Core. So that also has 
to be done in terms of an industry standard to create to make sure that this can get 
rolled out at scale.  
G.654.E, as well, in some similar ways,  is a little bit more advanced.  There is a 
reasonable amount of demand that we  are seeing globally, but again, we do see the 
realizations to be definitely better than standard fiber, and it can enable typically 70% 
to 100% longer reach. So again, there is a good amount of opportunity here, but I would 
say less than 5% of the world market is with this fiber right now, but good potential 
going forward. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Dhaval Jain from Sequent Investments. 
Dhaval Jain: Sir, couple of questions, and the first question is, as the North America revenue 
contribution has increased from 25% to 36% versus the last year. So just wanted to 
understand, we have a tariff impact of 7% on our margins due to this. So, going 
forward, what I understand is if this revenue contribution keeps on increasing, will our 
tariff impact keep on increasing as the margins keep on dragging further down? 
=== PAGE 16 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Ajay Jhanjhari: So basically, as Ankit mentioned previously, we majorly act into the major long-term 
contracts. So ideal way to deal with it is that yes, we are bullish on the U.S. market, 
but at the same time, the tariff impact can be passed on to customers only at the t ime 
of renewal of contracts. So that process is currently going on. So, while the U.S. 
revenue is expected to increase with the mitigation measures, we are already working 
on, and a few of them are now in place. We do not expect any further increase. 
Dhaval Jain: Okay. And also, one more question on the growth that we had in the revenues, was it 
more of the volume growth, or the realizations have also contributed in the growth, the 
20% YoY growth? 
Ajay Jhanjhari: Majorly, it is a mix of both. Yes, volume has played a significant part in it. But at the 
same time, the sale of high fiber count cables has also increased the top line. 
Dhaval Jain: The AI ones. 
Ajay Jhanjhari: Not so on the AI one. Overall value -added cables, and the more higher technology 
cables. 
Dhaval Jain: Yes. So, the ballpark, could I get an understanding of what would be the split between 
the volume and the value? 
Ankit Agarwal: No, we would not be able to share that. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Akshat Mehta from Seven Rivers Holdings. 
Akshat Mehta: So, I just wanted to ask you an update on the lawsuits, right? What is happening on the 
U.S. lawsuit, and if you can share some light on the income tax order that has come in, 
what is that, and what is the impact? 
Ajay Jhanjhari: I can take the income tax first. 
Ankit Agarwal: Okay, Ajay. 
Ajay Jhanjhari: So, see this income tax matter is in the regular assessment. There are some transfer 
pricing adjustments, for which they have issued this notice. We are quite confident that 
with the merits we are having in the case, no material financial impact is going to b e 
there. And we have already disclosed it in detail, if you see with the press release. 
Akshat Mehta: So, are we going to make any provision or we have to deposit some amount or there is 
no impact as of now? 
Ajay Jhanjhari: As of now, there's no impact, but as per, we will have to go by the rules only. So, there 
can be a chance of same deposits, but that does not exceed more than 15% to 20%. 
=== PAGE 17 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Ankit Agarwal: And linked to the legal matter in the U.S., so in September 2025 our U.S. entity, against 
which the case is there, it has appealed District Court's judgment. And now the case 
has moved to the U.S. Court of Appeals. And whatever was required in terms of 
posting the bond , that has been done successfully, and there is no financial payout 
obligations at this stage. So, as we are confident of our appeals, we believe we have a 
very strong case. So as that progresses, we shall, of course, update it as fiduciary duty. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Bajrang Bafna from Sunidhi Securities. 
Bajrang Bafna: Congratulations for good growth. So basically, sir, in our existing order book, which 
is closer to INR5,000 crores, I would like to understand, suppose the U.S. trade deal 
does not materialize in next couple of quarters. And since you are negotiating the new 
orders, when can we see the impact of past orders getting in, and the new ones will be 
visible in the margins itself. That you have indicated close to INR1,000 crores will be 
executed in next quarter. So when the older contracts will expire, and the new pricing 
will kick in, if we just try to understand from that perspective. 
Ajay Jhanjhari: So, see, there is going to be a gradual shift from it. So,  we will keep on getting new 
orders, we will keep on supplying against the long-term contracts, which we are having 
in the past. Good thing is that in U.S., generally, the contracts are currently in the range 
of 12 to 15 months. So, we will start to see part of the impact from the next quarter 
onwards. And the full impact will take some time. It is going to be a matter of 2 to 3 
quarters wherein old contracts will be fully settled in and all the new contracts will 
jump in. 
Bajrang Bafna: Okay. Just trying to understand the past contracts at which rate we have taken and the 
new rate which is going on currently, what is the difference in percentage terms, if you 
could help that out to us. 
Ankit Agarwal: Sorry, that we cannot disclose on the call. 
Bajrang Bafna: No, only in percentage terms, I am not asking any absolute $15 or $16? 
Ankit Agarwal: I mean, see, obviously, the tariff rate is 50%. And logically, you would want to share 
some part of that cost to the customers. But really, it just varies from customer to 
customer, the product portfolio in various other terms of the contract. So that  is why 
we cannot give you one number. It will all be down to what we are able to negotiate 
and create that balance between the best pricing as well as ensuring we get long-term 
partnerships. 
Bajrang Bafna: Next quarter onwards, your margins are going to improve even with the 50% tariffs? 
Ankit Agarwal: Yes. 
=== PAGE 18 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mr. Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities. 
Sunil Jain: Sir, my question again relates to the U.S., and we had seen impact of the tariff, but on 
the currency side, are we going to benefit? And how is the hedging policy for contracts 
to supply in the U.S.? 
Ajay Jhanjhari: So, we do have a robust risk management policy, which makes sure that fluctuations 
in forex does not impact us in the short run. But as you rightly said in the long run, 
when we will start getting new orders and against that, we are going to supply, there is 
going to be a positive benefit because we are actually net exporter by far, almost 80% 
of our revenue comes from outside India, and with the local manufacturing setup, we 
are having in Italy and U.S. 
Sunil Jain: So, you want to say that whatever the order you are booking, against that, you book 
the currency? 
Ajay Jhanjhari: Yes. So, we have the robust hedging policy wherein we don't keep any exposure open. 
Sunil Jain: Okay. So, the benefit of this will come gradually, not at stage. 
Ajay Jhanjhari: Yes. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Mr. Aditya from AK Investments. 
Aditya: Sir, I wanted to understand one thing. We have a facility in the U.S., and we have 
multiple facilities outside India. I know, I understand that India is 50% tariff, but in a 
single quarter, if I do the math, we are burning , I mean, the impact is INR80 crores. 
That is very huge. And for a year, if I do, it is INR300 crores that we are putting out. 
So what is the strategy? 
 I know you do not  want to get into specifics, but can you help me as an investor, I 
mean, we think, Sterlite as a global player and we have the facility in the U.S., but this 
impact is really very huge number. How do you plan to utiliz e the U.S. facility? And 
how do we mitigate that? 
Ankit Agarwal: Yes. So, look, I mean, currently, we have manufacturing cable portfolio in the U.S. 
We have it in Italy. And of course, we have large-scale mother plant kind of operations 
in India. And we are very, very mindful of 3, 4 things. We want to ensure that there is 
a variety of portfolio of products that are manufactured across our facilities. So,  we 
always have to be mindful of where the demand can be met from an operating 
perspective because there is a large variety on what products get produced. 
=== PAGE 19 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
 The second part, we have to be mindful of is, which is a place most optimized from a 
customer demand perspective, where customers require certain lead times and where 
do we operationalize. And then, of course, is the current impact of the tariff, which 
currently is at the full 50%. So, we are very mindful of the impact and the quantity that 
it is affecting us on a quarterly basis. 
 And as we shared earlier, multiple actions are on, to see how we can minimize the tariff 
while at the same time, we continue to see strong demand from the North America 
market. Currently, we do also have options of manufacturing in Europe as  well and 
supplying in the U.S. 
 So, all those we continue to evaluate, and be rest assured that we continue to take 
actions where the effective percentage rate will reduce. But certainly, from an absolute 
amount, that is something we continue to watch , as and when our business to North 
America and to U.S. continues. 
Aditya: Sir, this is only the optical network, we are doing 30% for North America, I mean, 30% 
to 35%. In that the whole impact, I mean, INR 80 crores, if I take, it is only coming 
from that INR300-odd crores of revenue. Is that the right math? 
Ajay Jhanjhari: No, you can try to do that math, but there are 2, 3 things which is related to tariff. One 
is, whatever the finished goods or the semi -finished goods we are selling from India 
and then the imports we are doing in U.S. from India, other than these optical f iber 
cables. So that math will not properly fit in, if you try to find the number out of the 
revenue. 
 What we can tell you is that, yes, as you rightly mentioned, we have been continuously 
increasing our U.S. production, which can mitigate these tariff impacts partly. Along 
with it, we are assessing all the other measures to mitigate the impact to the minimum 
possible. 
Aditya: And how much can the U.S. facility help us? I mean, if you can share in, I mean, 
ballpark number or percentage-wise? 
Ankit Agarwal: Look, I think if you have seen the investments we have done, I think, more than $50 
million of investment to build a factory of a certain scale. And I think our intent has 
always been strategic to serve the market, both from the facility there as well as from 
India. As you can appreciate that there is real intent from both governments to sign at 
least an interim bilateral trade agreement, which has been imminent for some time 
now, and continues to be imminent. 
=== PAGE 20 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 So we are mindful that we need to maximize from our operations outside of India. At 
the same time, we also need to look at other options of how do we reduce the tariff 
impact. So all the actions are ongoing. And of course, ultimately, we do hope that some 
sort of trade agreement does come through, which will definitely impact and benefit 
STL. 
Aditya: Sure, sir. All the best. I hope that we will be able to navigate this one, and we will be 
able to ramp up and use the U.S. facility at utmost utilization so that we can minimize 
the impact. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Anshul Saigal from Saigal Capital Advisors LLP. 
Anshul Saigal: You mentioned germanium as a prospective risk in case China stops supplying that as 
a raw material. What is the mitigant? Do we have alternate raw materials or alternate 
supplies of germanium? 
Ankit Agarwal: Yes. So, as I said, there are global sources available. While China is the majority, there 
are other global geographies available for sourcing of germanium, which we are both 
evaluating and pursuing. So that  is really the primary option. Of course, from China 
itself, there is a procedure and a process to source the germanium, which we are also 
pursuing, including with all the government channels. 
 And of course, we also have a facility in China itself, which we are also utilizing where 
we can use the germanium that is available locally. So multiple avenues are all working 
in parallel, and we are confident that we will be able to solve any challenges we face. 
Anshul Saigal: Secondly, nearly 30% to 35% of our revenues come from North America. I  am 
assuming most of this will be from the U.S. From our U.S. facility, are we able to kind 
of cater to this entire revenue, or only a part of this revenue, assuming that the U.S. 
facility operates at full utilization? 
Ajay Jhanjhari: So currently, it is only a part of revenue. So,  it is a lengthy process to qualify your 
manufacturing unit for all the standard products which we do. And if you see in the 
last 2 or 3 quarters, the entire environment has changed to high fiber count internet 
ribbon cables, for which there is a standard process in order to get the qualification. So 
all that is currently going on with the clear objective of utilizing U.S. facility for full 
and then using India for the trading of the other materials or other cables. 
Anshul Saigal: My question is that will it be sufficient? 
Ajay Jhanjhari: Not sufficient. 
=== PAGE 21 ===
  Sterlite Technologies Limited
  January 23, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Anshul Saigal: Not sufficient. So, there will be incremental supplies always from other countries, 
particularly India. Also in the same light, can you give the number of volumes that we 
did for this quarter, for the whole company that is? 
Ankit Agarwal: No, we actually do not disclose volumes or capacities for competitive reasons. 
Anshul Saigal: Okay. Not total capacities also. I mean, not for a plant, but okay. So,  asking another 
question, I mean, we peaked out on revenues in March 2020, I think, where we did 
around INR5,100 crores. We have done INR5,100 crores revenues in 2020. Assuming 
we do full utilization of our capacity, will we be able to reach that number or exceed 
that number given current pricing? 
Ankit Agarwal: Yes, yes. That we are confident. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit for closing comments. 
Ankit Agarwal: Thank you, everyone, for taking your time to hear us out. We remain very excited and 
motivated to drive this business forward and unlock its full potential. Through our 
efforts, we see a tremendous opportunity to connect the unconnected across the world, 
and especially here in India at every village level. 
 We truly believe STL is well positioned to play a pivotal role in building the data, 
digital infrastructure around the world. We  are happy to take any of your questions. 
Both, Ajay and I are available through our IR team. Once again, thank you for your 
time and your continued support. Jai-Hind. 
Moderator: On behalf of Sterlite Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
 
 