=== A1 EXTRACTION HEADER ===
source_filename: concall_indiamart_q1fy27.txt
doctype: concall
page_count_pdfinfo: N/A (plain text transcript, no PDF pages)
formfeed_count: 0
line_count: 105
unit_convention: Crores
conversion_factor_to_cr: Crores -> x1
ocr_pages: none
page_coverage: 100% (all 105 source lines carried; page concept N/A for continuous text file)
detected_quarter: Q1 FY27
extraction_date: 2026-07-22
=== END HEADER ===

1  SOURCE NOTE: Verbatim auto-generated webinar transcript of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited Q1 FY27 earnings webinar, 21 July 2026, 17:00 IST. Pasted by operator. Auto-transcription artefacts present (garbled proper nouns and some numbers, e.g. "AIDA"=EBITDA; "144 cr" deferred revenue is a mis-transcription later stated correctly as 2,014 cr; speaker names phonetic). Saved verbatim per A1 rule 4; do not paraphrase.
2  
3  Good evening ladies and gentlemen. I am Aijit Vikram head of investor relations. On behalf of India Martesh Limited I welcome you all to the company's quarter 1 FY27 earnings webinar. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listenonly mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Joining us today from the management side we have Mr. Dhraal, chief executive officer. Mr. Vijay Sharal, full-time director, Mr. Jidden Dewan, Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Pratik Chandra, Chief Strategy Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertaintities. Kindly refer to slide number three of the earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. Now, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Dhar for his opening remarks. Thank you and converting sir.
4  
5  Thank you Abijit. Good evening everyone and welcome to India's quarter 1 FY27 earnings webinar. We have circulated our earning presentation which is available on our website as well as the stock exchange websites. Uh we are sure you would have gone through the same and we would be happy to take any questions afterward. India Mart has delivered a consolidated revenue from operations of 414 crores in the quarter 1 represent resenting a year-on-year growth of about 11%. Consolidated collection from customers grew at uh grew to 463 crores representing year-on-year growth of 8% in the first quarter. Consolidated deferred revenue grew to 144 cr representing year-on-year growth of 16%. In quarter 1, unique business inquiries were 26 million. Our total playing supplier base was 2 lakhs and 18,000 at the end of the quarter 1 reflecting that net decline of 1850 suppliers during the quarter. This decrease can be primarily attributed to moderniz moderation in the grass addition as well as elevated churn at the silver subscription tier. Our platinum and gold subscribers which contribute uh approximately 50% of our customer base and more than 75% of the revenue continue to have good upsell and retention rate. At the platform level, we are embedding elements of trust and safety. into the foundation of the marketplace. Our already existing strong seller verification through multi-layer KYC process. Trust verification along with the transparent supplier ratings and review is now supported by seller verification feature that helps the buyers to verify sellers before making any payments. Further to enhance buyer confidence, we have introduced a buyer payment protection program uh for eligible purchases with trustil. verified suppliers. We continue accelerating our AI evolution, incorporating intelligent capabilities into our platform. We have streamlined the discovery process by introducing a standardized cataloging, intelligent matchmaking and the content moderation. We are also operating one of the largest agentic call handling system in the country that auto autonomously handles over one lakh calls per day. All these initiatives work together to create a seamless an efficient experience for both buyers and sellers. Our focus remains on enabling business to unlock sustainable growth through technology that evolves with their needs. Now I will hand over the call to bridge to update about busy infoch. Thank you and over to you Br.
6  
7  Hi good evening everyone. Um busy did a billing of about uh 59 crores in Q1. Uh and this represents a yearonar growth of uh 10%. The revenue from operations uh were at 36 crores uh which is about a 47% uh growth. The deferred revenues uh were about 146 crores for the quarter. Uh and this uh shows a growth of 44% year-on-year basis. Uh and the cash from operations were at about rupes 16 crores. Now during Q1 we sold approximately 12,000 uh new licenses and with this the total number of new licenses sold uh count has gone to 4 lakh about 54,000. Uh you know as I've been sharing earlier we have been investing behind uh improving the product the overall user experience um and in in this regard we have also gone ahead and launched uh a new uh version of busy called Vy magic which has uh a completely revamped UI UX. Uh and we think that the these investments that we are making uh in will create a foundation for the next phase of growth uh for busy uh and with this I will hand over the call to Jin uh to discuss the financials. Thank you.
8  
9  Good evening everyone. I'll take you through the financial performance for the quarter ended June 2026. Consolidated collection from customers was 463 cr in the quarter representing buyback growth of 8%. India standalone collection from customer for the quarter was 4 02 crores registering buyback growth of 8%. Consolidated deferred revenue stood at 2014 crores an increase of 16% on buyback prices basis. Consolidated revenue from operations was 414 crores for the quarter registering buyback growth of 11%. Consolidated AIDA was 146 cr for the quarter representing margin of 35%. Margins continue to be elevated on account of savings arising from lower customer acquisition and operating leverage. In Q1, consolidated other income for the quarter stood at 107 crores. The increase was primarily due to marktomarket gains on our treasury portfolio. Consolidated net profit for the year was 172 crores and consolidated cash generation generated from operations was 163 cr for the quarter. Consolidated cash and treasury balance overall stood at 3,553 crores as in June 30th, 2026. Board of directors has approved the creation of new subsidiary India Finance Limited. This entity will serves MSME for their short-term credit requirement. Thank you very much. And now we're ready to take any questions.
10  
11  We will now begin the Q&A session. If you wish to ask questions to the panelists, kindly raise your hand and allow camera and microphone access. Alternatively, you may type the question in the chat menu and we will revert on it. Please restrict to two questions so that we may be able to address questions from all the participants. We will wake up wait for a few seconds while the question give a thumbs Question is from the line of Kunal Tanvi. Kunal, please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question.
12  
13  Hi, thanks for the opportunity. I had two questions. One uh was on this finance subsidy that we have created. Can you help us understand you know what is the objective of this and what is that what what kind of business we're going to conduct in this uh you know subsidy? Are we going to lend our own balance sheet or it would be a partnership with someone else? Uh if you can help us understand That second is is there any plan in terms of monetizing buyers at some stage? Uh and like a related question to that was we've been seeing you know uh number of buyers on our platform going down. If you can help us understand reason for the same and how should we read into this?
14  
15  Yeah. So let me uh first answer uh the wholly owned subsidiary uh approval uh India Finance Limited. Uh our objective uh is to facilitate transaction financing in order to help uh improve the marketplace effectiveness and uh in that process we have been saying that uh credit facilitation during the commerce remains especially in the B2B commerce remains one of the key areas where the commerce happens and we have been doing uh various smaller experiments uh here and there in order to do a better uh customer experience and do a uh slightly better uh partnership. I think we have created a uh company called India Finance Limited which will work with the uh partnership uh lender ers uh to create uh small small products and solution for short-term uh transaction financing. Uh we do not have uh any plans uh to uh lend out of our own uh balance sheet uh any large amount. So it is mainly to do the uh partnerships uh and short-term financing. Now coming to the buyer uh monetization. See buyers are currently being monitor ized by way of uh uh seller uh inquiry or seller RFQ. Uh we uh have been thinking about uh launching a buyer uh paid buyer program which gives certain value added services. Uh we if you go to the India website currently there is some experiment going on in uh on uh paid buyer program uh as and when something uh letter comes we will let you know. The second piece is the uh on the buyer monetization is the buyer audience monetization. Uh we have uh various insights onto um category uh affinity of the buyer or the uh turnover affinity of the buyer and all that. And we are able to uh experiment that uh with the other audience monetization platform to be able to monetize on the third-party advertising platform through our uh retargeting uh mechanism. So those are some of the buyer monetization programs that we are happening. Uh we are not directly involved in buyer uh transaction based monetization. Uh in terms of buyer uh inquiry uh I think they are typically flattish and uh plus minus uh one uh percent here and there but by and large they're typically been uh flattish at unique business inquiries of 26 27 million. Thank you.
16  
17  Thank you.
18  
19  Okay, we can move on to the next question.
20  
21  Next question is from the line of Abhishek. Energy Abishek, please unmute yourself and go ahead with the question.
22  
23  Uh hey hi. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Uh so couple of questions from my side. So on this lending platform, right? So what kind of financing will this be? Will it be invoice discounting or or related to you know just working capital finance and also there mentioned something about you know how you have been running some experiments on it if you could give us some more you know color on that as in what are the learnings etc what is exciting you that that would be really helpful uh also wanted to understand uh uh this quarter the growth in collections in busy has been slightly lower than the trend growth rates uh any particular reason for that uh if you could you know just help with these choices.
24  
25  So until now uh we have only mostly experimented with trying to give any lending leads that came to us to the various uh uh financial institutions to see if they can mature those leads uh for further uh financing them uh either as a buyer or as a seller. However, uh in today's scenario of the digital world, I think uh turnaround time etc has become uh quite uh fast as against uh if you are doing the lead transfer. So lead transfer mechanism one of the learning is that uh today's acceptable turnaround times are minutes and hours rather than days of the yesterday word and that is why we needed a um particular LSP subsidiary uh we said that okay we will do in terms of uh you know products I think uh mostly as I said they will be around helping buyer and seller to strengthen the marketplace for the short-term transaction financing up. I I you know do not understand whether it will be the invoice discounting or reverse invoice discounting but somewhere near that uh I hope that gives some clarity and as and when we will uh do more experiments we will keep coming back to you every quarter. Now uh on the busy I think uh on busy um so If you were to look at the Q1 of last year, we actually u had about 10 crores coming in uh because of one time with batbacks that we had introduced in that particular quarter. Uh so in fact the growth in Q1 of FI2.6 uh that growth rate was also significantly higher than the normal uh and therefore if we were to remove that one time 10 cr advantage that we got in that quarter we would still be growing on a normalized basis at about 30 odd%. So uh that's the reason why you see uh 10% growth in billing but uh in terms of deferred revenues in terms of the uh revenues recognized the growth uh seems on a more normalized level of 30 to 40%.
26  
27  Understood. Understood. And and just one one last thing again on the on the number of uh uh buyers on the platform. So, is there any way that you're kind of considering in in kind of boosting that up? We have been talking about you know making uh more marketing expenses but uh that hasn't really in in you know increasing uh buyer count etc or or you know unique business inquiries for that matter and do you kind of correlate this in any way with you know improving quality of inquiries or quality of buyers in the platform. If you could give some you know color on that that
28  
29  yeah so we did cut down on some of the uh non-quality buyers that I have highlighted some four five quarters earlier so uh but uh you are right that in the last three quarters or so as we are spending um 78 cr rupees per quarter on the advertising that that is uh primarily has shifted the uh the buyer base uh from so whatever organic decline that we had we shifted the buyer base to the more higher uh arpoo buyers I mean the categories where we are able to monetize because we do not advertise uh across the category or across the geography we advertise specifically in those those top 10% categories where exactly we know uh how to monetize that buyer better. So we uh so while on a overall number you are seeing that the overall number of buyers are stagnating but uh we are filling only those buyers uh where we are we have a very strong monetization from the seller side. So uh if I uh if I look at internal metrics where I look at the uh the more monetizable buyer versus the uh less monetizable buyer. I think we are happy with the monetizable buyer growth on the on the overall decline of the buyer because currently we are experimenting more with Google and since our primarily source of uh new buyer acquisition was Google. So there is some kind of a cannibalization as we expand our uh advertising uh to Facebook or Meta uh Instagram or YouTube, I think we will be able to get additional set of buyers currently because the the problem was that in the Google there are lot of blocks of non links were coming non-links means the uh popular products Q&A uh sponsored link those kind of things were coming. So I think despite the fact that we were uh we are first or second result organic but on a mobile device you are probably not visible in the first uh fold itself. So so current endeavor was to experiment and remain at the top of the screen. So that's where we are. I think uh as we scale up you will see increase in the uh business inquiries. unique business inquiries.
30  
31  Thanks. Those are all questions.
32  
33  Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pratik Kotari. Pratik, please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. Yes. Hi. Uh good evening. Uh so one question. So last quarter or past we have spoken about now shifting our focus more towards it's quality of buyers or the trust that the platform can provide. So you can just talk about how is that uh endeavor going.
34  
35  Yeah, I think I I highlighted already in my uh opening maybe you missed I'll I'll just repeat that. So uh earlier on the uh on the on the trust piece we we used to have uh very ified seller on the verified seller uh buyer was only required to do a uh phone number uh based identification. Now we are slowly moving to 100% OTP verification for the buyers also because I also highlighted the benefit of moving that there because currently there is too much of AI based agent parsing uh going on and uh if I move that without the login I'm able to save some of my uh unnecessary parsing that is happening. Secondly, we are now deploying uh from phone number and GST to further identity verification of the buyer and there are uh APIs and there are selfdeclared buyer b buyer uh things. Third, currently there are uh there are many time when uh uh when India Mart introduces a buyer to a multiple supplier while buyer has selected only to initial one or two suppliers on the platform the other one or two got uh introduced to him because of India Mart then buyer wants to see uh the detailed profile of the seller. So we have launched the know your seller or sell seller verification page where they can put any particular number of uh or a GST number or a email id and it will display the uh seller trust profile. Uh another thing that we are uh trying now is the uh payment protection program. So so that currently when you are receiving a QR code or any RTGS instruction on the WhatsApp because the seller uh you know seller employee might have sent it to you or uh somebody might have sent to it to you, you want to reverify that uh into the verified account. So for every seller who is a India martial seller or India paid seller, we are also verifying their bank accounts. Now so that while making the payment, you can actually do the uh verifi verifi verified uh transfer only. Apart from all of this, we are also offering now for all the trustil buyers I mean the buyers of all the trust seal sellers with a uh payment assurance of rupees 5 lakh up to rupees 5 lakh so these are some of the things that we are improving to improve the trusted ecosystem on India Mart second one this I mean so currently we're not adding gross uh uh fate suppliers because I mean we we we intend to kind of solve for this leaky bucket if that's the word I'm using when do we kind of accept maybe that this is structurally how the the profile has changed and this higher churn stays and then we now start focusing on adding gross customers I mean we might have to just add more gross customers because the leakage might be higher or the churn might be higher uh or do we think this is a solvable problem for now
36  
37  I mean I can't uh really answer that for sure because uh we are we we we are trying various uh methods and various ways. Uh you never know which one is the uh helps uh fix the real uh leakage because uh earlier the complaint was that the quality of inquiry or the quality of conversion was not uh good enough and we fixed that actually uh we fixed that and we came back to you and we showed that that and even when I when we do seller survey sellers are very happy with the uh quality of inquiry and all that now there is a shortage of inquiry. So this is something that we have started to face recently only the because the quality of inquiry is too good. Now there are shortage of by leads or shortage of inquiry. Now for the shortage of inquiry we are uh trying to work on the repeat buyer framework or new buyer acquisition framework. On the other hand there is the also Google is also little bit under uh pressure from chat GPT and uh others. So effectively we are trying to manage uh two three things. Uh as we do multiple experiments we will come to know which one uh uh helps us either increase the uh buyer increase bit time or buyer repeat bit time. Uh in the meantime I think uh as I said our golden platinum seller bucket which is a uh about 50% of the customers they are very happy and they continue to upgrade while we continue to uh see the areas where we are uh leaving the money on the table. So there are lot of areas where category based pricing is required and we touched a little bit on your uh three tier pricing uh system for the category. So for in the within the platinum uh how to charge according to the the return on investment based upon the value of the product or based upon the number of buyers in there every product. Uh having said that we can keep trying uh when does it start to result into a uh net growth that only time can tell.
38  
39  So my actually question was so net growth is a function of gross minus churn right so while we are solving for the churn we have let go of gross say over the last 2 3 years until we solve for the churn. My question Was do we at some point accept that while we have tried different things the churn maybe this is a structural way the churn stays and then we just add more gross which solves for the net addition also
40  
41  that that will happen only for 2 three quarters I mean if I uh if I go and acquire larger and you might have seen that happening with many other subscription players. So as I mean I can go uh one more round uh more tier two more tier three or more uh weekly u monthly kind of a payment system but that will come back again uh with that. So uh once we once we get the product market fit right we will know internally that okay the customers are renewing because if the customers are not renewing acquiring same customer with double the intensity will make uh the CAC go higher and the uh LTB go lower. So the CAC LTB will never work on that uh piece. So we have to be cognizant of the fact that uh uh there's no point acquiring a very low end customer. So we have to fix that before pressing paddle on the growth.
42  
43  No, fair enough. Thank you and all the best sir.
44  
45  Thank you. Uh next question is from the line of Vanand Van please unmute. yourself and go ahead with the question. Are you there? Yeah. Yeah, I'm there. I'm there. Sorry, I just joined as a panelist. Uh, thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. So, number one is for curbing churn, you decided to change the uh let's say model of customer acquisition uh focusing on certain areas you increase prices uh you also introduce more more checks and balances at an early stage uh now I'm just trying to understand this better uh in in terms of the initiatives that you're taking to curb churn and improve the quality of the new new gross ads what else are you doing which could perhaps yield better results in the next 6 to 12 months. That is my first question. The second one is uh now that there is a considerable amount of traffic that is moving to the LLMs and not not to search engines, how how do you ensure that the LLMs are also looking at the results that that are there on the on the platform in the same light uh as perhaps Google does with SEO. Are there any initiatives that you've taken that help LLMs surface your uh your platform's results on top so that whenever anyone asks questions on the LLMs regarding any product that where India has very good quality suppliers uh the LM surfaces your uh your link instead of just giving an answer.
46  
47  Yeah. So on the initiatives one uh one initiative is that uh have a better quality of supplier. The second initiative is uh do a better curation and cataloging and digitization and uh category mapping and better specifications on the on the marketplace. Number third initiative was uh that have only better quality of buyers. Better quality means better quality of the inquiry field. So that inquiry have quantities and specification and uh things built up. A fourth initiative is uh which we are trying through the financial service also to improve the uh build the credit into uh transaction. So that uh if there is uh conversion not happening because of the conver transaction because many of the B2B transactions do require uh credit to happen and credit uh also brings some transaction visibility and some uh certaintity to the uh delivery perspective. So these are some of the things that we are trying other than uh basic uh sales process uh modification. Now coming to the bigger question which the everybody in the world asking whether these LLMs will become uh the search engine or these LLMs will eat the search engine and the internet will become private you know so that uh question is difficult because uh one thing is for sure that LLM would try to answer as much of the things at their own rather than transferring the uh uh control back to the uh because nowadays there is hardly anything which is hidden from the copyright I mean the protected by the copyright because you could read the entire content and answer it in your own words. Now it is a two two-way sword because if I stop completely my content from the LLM then I risk the risk the complete omission from that uh LLM which gives me a few few links here and there and if I give the expose the entire uh data uh they will probably read everything and give you very little in return. So uh and if you go and read about this on internet uh there's a huge debate that is going on in the past 6 months or so whereas uh you know Google was more of a give and take economy where you gave the uh content Google gave you back the links and while LLMs are more of you know they they consume all the information that is available and they try to create uh retain uh a lot of traffic with with themselves and which to some extent works well with the users as well. So it has to be seen because if that is the case then uh entire internet business models will have to be reversed. It will have to go back to a more private. So I can't comment on that what would be the final destination of uh of this particular debate or this particular uh my hope is that over the time Google and there there's a hybrid of a Google or Gemini that will emerge over a period of time.
48  
49  Okay, that that's very interesting. Thanks DH for sharing this. Are there any regulatory guardrails in India that will prevent this from happening where let's say we we then are at the mercy of these Wald gardens as you call it the LLMs are there any guard rails which will perhaps come in play later on or are there any discussions with the government where uh something like this could be introduced.
50  
51  It may not be right for me to answer that. Uh that would be personally my opinion. I would suggest that you read about this topic on the on the net or ask the LLM themselves.
52  
53  Okay. Okay. Thank Thank you so much and all the way.
54  
55  Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anerud Shetty. Anerud please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. I don't Are you there? I guess there is a connection issue. So next question is from the line of Sam Patil. Sam, please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. Uh yeah uh so thanks for providing me the opportunity. Uh I had couple of questions. So first one is last quarter you mentioned that uh silver monthly churn was about 7%. So uh any update on uh uh silver chun uh number as of now and uh also you had talked about initiatives which we were taking in terms of GST verification, bank account verification and some sort of a turnover based qualification. Uh any of these initiatives has uh uh improved the retention uh uh metric. Uh apart from that is there uh done with which is spreading over the older cohorts and not contain to let's say first 12 month cohort. So any cohort wise flavor in terms of silver chunk that you can provide would be really helpful.
56  
57  Yeah. So uh two two parts to the answer. One is uh have we started doing uh more uh segmented uh verification and uh uh targeting? Yes. Has it uh will it result into any churn quickly? uh orch containment quickly. No, because it will take some amount of time. Uh we are not completely closing a particular segment and moving to 100% because we have to migrate uh slowly and slowly. So whatever will happen will probably be visible after a year or so. Um from from that 7% silver monthly, I think uh nothing has changed and that's why we are continuing to be uh uh negative or flattish total number of customers. Yes. Uh the interesting part is the first 12 month is the uh biggest issue in the even in the silver tier we see the renewal and retention rate improve uh double by from the second year onwards. So the most of the churn or retention problem is limited to the first year on boarding itself. So that thank you for highlighting that uh and asking that. question and uh what else it was% that I asked GST bank account.
58  
59  Yeah. So GST bank account I just told you know we are uh with GST verification we were already doing uh we are slowly and slowly uh moving towards a GST verification uh where India becomes a 100% GST verified uh marketplace. Uh bank account verification is the new thing that we have started. Uh I am sure in times to come uh we will try to become a higher portion of uh higher portion of the bank account verification as well. So now that we have almost 99% email id 99% uh phone verified 99% verified at least in the paid customer base or in the free customer base uh 100% is email and uh phone verified but GST verified is about 50 odd%. So we are moving towards uh 80 90% on that direction. bank account verified we will start today and I'm sure uh uh in the next year or so uh we will cross 50% plus on the bank account and in the 2 years time frame we will cross 80% uh verification on that the bigger question is uh how how do we start to do uh buyer verification because on the buyer side we used to only ask uh phone number and uh now Now I think it is important that uh business wire verification. So currently out of the out of the uh uh 40 odd million total active buyers that we have uh about uh 10 million are only have the GST or verified business buyer. Can I increase that uh number uh to a substantial number? So I think that side is still pending.
60  
61  Understood. uh uh uh that was really helpful uh and uh uh just pressing upon the buyer side now uh the unique business inquiry sort of declined 11% and uh as you mentioned I mean active buyers were also down by 5%. Uh now if I remember correctly uh you mentioned in the last quarter that we already started doing this buyer side OTP verification for filtering the bot traffic etc. uh so uh the decline that we are seeing how much of that is because of the verification and how much of that is any quantification uh that that you can provide.
62  
63  Very difficult you know out of the uh out of the 26 million uh unique business inquiries 26 27 million very difficult to really judge there is there Definitely about four 5% decline has happened because of the OTP verification etc. But rest of the ver you know whether it is to do with our own uhness or whether it is to do with uh you know traffic migrating to LLM or whether it is to do with the war and US tension. I I can't really tell.
64  
65  Understood. Uh thank you uh very much for providing me the opportunity. That's it from my side. Please continue.
66  
67  Sure. Uh, next question is from the line of Amandani. Ammon, please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. you there? I think is not able to connect. So we can probably just take a question from the chat box. So we have a uh Anerud has posted questions on the chat chat box. So first question is why introduce buyer monetization? Now when a present buyer inquiries growth is weak wanted to understand timing. Uh is it possible to track buyer leads coming from LLM searches? Uh the third is given a large cash balance any plans to increase stake in existing companies or take new positions.
68  
69  So uh we are not introducing ucing buyer paid buyer program as if there's anything going to be restricted on the free tier you know paid buyer program would probably have some additional features maybe uh procurement uh tool or anything so one there is there's no monetization which restricting the existing buyers to access India mart so buyers buyer access to India Mart remains completely free but even then there are value at buyers who are willing to pay for value added services. So it is the voluntary uh buyer program just like you see uh in the many other uh programs. The second part that you asked is the LLM uh related traffic uh attribution. So it is early days I think uh different analytics software and different uh web master tools have started to build some sense. Google alone has started to build some sense. I think it will take about a year or so until until the winner take all happens or or the two three big PE winners happen. Uh it is difficult for the uh analytics tools or traffic analytics tools or web master tools to be able to classify which traffic is what. And that's exactly what I said about a year ago when we started uh stopped reporting traffic because there there's a agent traffic there's a bot traffic there's LLM traffic and it is difficult for uh people to uh recognize so I think it will take some time uh regarding the cash balance uh we continue to uh do uh follow on investments uh you know we uh I think Pratik can tell which are the last few couple of follow on investments that we have done. So uh we continue to evaluate any uh new interesting opportunities in case they will come we will uh definitely look at them. Uh but last follow on opport uh investments uh on the timeline I think Patik you can you highlight.
70  
71  Yeah. So out of the total investments that we have done I mean we have follow on investments uh in dissolve in index in super procure in air chain. So they are like let's say the couple of you know company companies wherein we had made the following investments. These investments are essentially you know more driven by the working capital or growth needs of these investy companies. So as in when any kind of an opportunity emerges then at that point of time we evaluate them and basis the merit we take the decision whether to participate in that following round or not in the foreign round. So uh as in when some follow on happens we will be kind of intimating to the exchanges there.
72  
73  Yeah and uh some of the interesting ones I think fleetex we started at 16 17% now we are already at 22%. Bizoom we started at uh 10% and now we are at 32%. Uh similarly super procure also. So I think uh many many companies we have and and last new company was uh ID5 where we started started that was about one and a half years uh ago and M1 exchange I think has done pretty well but M1 exchange there has not been any follow
74  
75  no we have a limit
76  
77  we had a limit of 10% we made it back to 10% last okay okay next question is from the line of Aman Tadani Ammon please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question hello Yeah, for the opportunity sir I have a few questions to busy. Uh so the first is s over the last 3 years we have seen a very good revenue growth approximately 28% compounded and now that is x of accounting change and uh s that growth is despite a 10% growth in license year on year which sort of implies a very good uh revenue per license uh expansion. So just wanted to understand that What has led to this meaningful growth in revenue per license and standing today sort of what trajectory or sustainable trajectory can we look at for the license growth and RPU growth in busy over the next five years.
78  
79  So when we uh look at the overall breakup uh of the growth uh and uh which is the that 28% K growth that you see uh one obviously is led by the uh sales of the slides. Second is uh increase in the prices of the uh products. Third is improvement in the overall ratio of customers which are re renewing uh year on year and fourth component uh what portion of these customers are taking on add-on products like the mobile app available inside of busy. Uh so when you look at uh this growth it's a function of these four things and our sense is that uh over the next couple of years uh we will continue to maintain or improve the overall keer growth that we've had that is what what is visible uh when you look at a fiveyear duration u you know I can say what is it that we would want to do more than what is it that we can go back and predict uh from today uh but uh we would want this business to uh become uh at least a 35 40% keer business year on year. Uh but that would be work in progress but uh over the next couple of years I think we can definitely expect us to be closer to uh anything between let's say 27% to 30% ger growth rate that we've seen over the last four years.
80  
81  Got it. So uh the license have grown at 10% a year over the last 3 four years but the revenue has really expanded. So going ahead, is there still meaningful scope to expand revenue per license and should we assume that the license would stay at 10% growth over the next 3 four years? Is that the right way to think about it?
82  
83  So we are trying to accelerate the growth uh in the sales of these uh newer licenses and we are actually migrating from more like licensing to a subscription. That journey has already started for us. So ideally we would want to see uh a higher growth rate of about 15 to 20% in the licenses in the immediate uh year or two. Uh when it comes to whether there is an headroom for better realization from the existing customers, uh if you look at the value that a busy customer deres out of a current subscription versus the price that they go back and pay currently, there is substantial uh value which is still left on the table and I think uh you know while this is a slower process for customers to accept u you know higher uh payments but it is going to happen because the value that customers are getting uh is substantially or disproportionately higher than what they really pay for. What is also going to happen is that each of these customers uh would want to use their softwares on different platforms. So currently let's say bus is available on desktop um and then it is available on mobile app but with the growing requirement for customers to use it on the cloud while they are u you know elsewhere using a browser also. So there's a third platform which is uh what we are preparing a product that will address that. So one single product which will be accessible on desktop cloud as well as on mobile phone uh that should also allow us to have a better output coming in from these customers. So again as I said it's a combination of uh price increases as well as the overall let's say value added services that these customers start to subscribe for. So these two things put together will give us the ammonition to continue to have better ARPU realizations from these customers and that is something which will happen over the next 3 to 5 years continuously. It's not just a very short-term exercise.
84  
85  Got it. So some second question is uh on the investment piece uh since we have a very good track record in making strategic investments uh just wanted to understand from you that is there a rough target maybe in rupees cr on maybe how much we would want to invest in uh let's say making taking a meaningful existing investments or maybe making new investments over the next three years.
86  
87  See most of these investments were done in uh 2021 and 22 uh time frame. Not that we have not done any new investment. We have done uh a couple but uh that was our first wave of uh understanding u because if you go to go to our strategy slide um we said that uh we set out in 2020 around the IPO time uh just after the IPO time that now we have crossed the IPO uh as a journey. So how how is the next couple of years looking like so from discovery we said that okay accounting and invoicing was one uh area that we wanted to focus on inventory management. So on that side I think we have made significant progress there. We did four investments in the accounting uh side. We started with webar. We were already evaluating M&A of another uh you know accounting software. So we uh went to uh and acquired busy completely for 500 CR. We also saw that while Vapar and Bizzy are you know busy is a very different kind of a company and Vapar is a very different kind of a company. Uh we also found Real Books which is specifically uh doing business on the cloud side but Tally remains the uh market leader with more than 60 70% market share 60% market share and we found that uh there is a good tool on top of tally which can do uh a cloud uh and mobile version of the tally. So we acquired a company called livekeeping overall and uh to some extent even the easy ecom is also having a accounting uh transaction uh uh thing. So about four to five companies we started investing incubating and today you see each one of these have done well like has done well uh so our thesis has turned out to be right. Then we looked at distribution management ment system and some of the enterprise software there. If I look at the super procure plus fleet tips that as a combination has turned out uh very well uh even uh bizome has turned out very well. Air is now opening up. So there are certain set of companies which have and that is now giving us some confidence that okay we will double down on some uh but over the time there are not too many companies where you can go and invest because we don't want to become a venture investing uh firm uh which is investing uh in hundreds of companies we want to invest in companies where we have conviction and where we feel that either we can help them or they can help India uh it is not only the mere uh capital allocation basic strategy so as and when we find something very very good uh we will do but as of now we don't want to become a uh too many strategic investments there
88  
89  got it sir so those are my questions thank you very much for answering those thank you
90  
91  thank you next question is from the line of Sham Gupta Sham please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question
92  
93  yeah good evening uh I have a couple of questions uh first up uh s We have this this behavior on the platform where traffic metrics and buyer and inquiry metrics are um you know maybe having some headwinds for proper interpretation. Uh would it be uh like would we not like introduce a metric which is more around the quality with which the buyers are experiencing it to just give a better understanding for example if let's say of the number of queries that are coming and how are how many are actually getting fulfilled or something. something like that so that we can get a proper picture of the relevance and engagement holding up because otherwise these uh declining numbers are getting these questions which u which I think um it's just a question come suggestion that was my first one um if um I don't know if you want to respond to that
94  
95  number that we typically give is the repeat rate so if you see 90day repeat that number is uh 58 59% uh and uh over the years that number has moved from 50 51% to 58 59%. Uh so that is one number because of the fulfillment feedback as we ourselves keep saying that the fulfillment feedback itself is a survey number and the survey number uh is not something that we can legally audit and uh be very uh upfront about it. Uh I can tell you survey numbers time to time uh you know we get about 2% buyers to respond back to us uh on the survey whether they ended up buying through India almost 40% of them 40 45% of them say that okay we we ended up procuring through India but is that number something legally uh can be held uh because being it's it's just a purely a survey number so that's why we do not report it as a quarterly But um I think I have told this number on the con call multiple times.
96  
97  We can consider.
98  
99  Got it. Um got it. Helpful. And maybe you know moving to my my my second question which was which was around the general conversation around AI and LLMs and everything. Just two-parter to that. Uh harding to see that like you're running the largest AIdriven call center and all but maybe if you can give a few examples uh since the since the time that you started the whole program around AI uh and when the tech started being used uh what are the what are the big windfall gains that the platform has realized a couple of them as an example would help and obviously in the context of of get of taming this churn problem would be helpful and the two-parter to that is the the second part to that is uh well I fully u u I think I I I acknowledge the the double swad uh framing of the LLMs but just a just a question that uh even in the even in the era of uh of Google's uh and metas and and and these wall gardens the web 2.0 ones the individual highquality data stores still held immense value and they held that value um for for as many decades as we know uh why would that same paradigm be unlikely in an LM case um and and the simple question there is that if left to themselves they can hallucinate still they can and even with if let's say hypothetically they are entire data stores available to them they may still uh hallucinate on top of that and coming to a real business inquiry kind of a customer putting less real money behind those kind of results would we not again go back to a state where you know uh maybe it'll help it much more helpful for them to be querying high quality data stores like let's say in India in this case through some kind of an MCP rather than trying to just you know uh strip off all the data and and and respond on their own. Thank you.
100  
101  Yeah. So, Sham, uh on the second part of your question, we can uh definitely have it over the coffee and uh beer uh but I can't officially answer that from uh this uh stage uh whether data should you know what can happen, what might happen, what should happen. Uh on the first part of the question where did we did Do do we feel the windfall gains from the AI can come? U so one obviously uh we have seen for many many after many many years the voice generation has crossed the ability of uh almost uh getting your work done you know so you can almost feel like you're talking to a human uh it would it won't feel like robotic I mean if you just come to the uh proving it whether he's robotic or not you can but it won't uh your work would be done so that's where I think uh and we had one use case which was uh very transactional highly repeatable and uh very high value for uh money which was the buyer call center we used to get uh or uh do almost 80,000 calls a day uh through our manual manual uh call center used to handle and uh we quickly updated that to the voice call center uh AI voice call center. Initially it did gain us in the uh in the price because uh initially we were talking less but now that uh we found the voice to be so good that we started to do buyer verification, buyer intent uh understanding. So we may or may not gain much on the cost side but I think uh in terms of the buyer experience and in terms of the domain knowledge uh we are able to do a good job there and uh you know today I think we are one of the uh top uh companies which are using that. Another thing is the is in the you know content aggregation audit. I think on aggregation and audit uh I mean AI can do 10x the better job and 10x faster than uh whatever human bo or any parser or anything could have done. So now with the today's uh AI uh in the audit and aggregation content aggregation I think we are able to do a lot of uh work But it is only the beginning of the uh value creation because uh the most of the value would occur towards the end of next year or uh something like that. The third part is uh you know security and uh or trust building because currently it is a user declared uh ID based trust but I think there is a social trust that we can uh do because because of the content aggregation. So I think in in that area again uh there could be uh multiple gains that can come. So these are some of the you know uh lowhanging uh high value fruit. Otherwise when you look at the more reasoned outuh examples like for example uh handling uh complex uh CRM ticket solution or are handling uh complex procurement solutions. So I think those are the more uh complex solution. I think it will take years for people to build around that and build use cases because the technology has taken a complete uh leap of or oral change over the last 2 three years. Uh whether it is voice, whether it is uh text or whether it is video all of it has taken a orbital change. We will take probably a decade done in the past two three years. Thank you.
102  
103  Thank you sir. This was the last question for the day. I will now hand over the call to Dhagaral for his concluding remarks. Over to you sir.
104  
105  Thank you ladies and gentlemen for joining our Q1 FY27 conference call. We have tried to address your queries in the time available. If you still have any questions, please flee to connect with our investor relation team. Thank you and good evening. Thank you. On behalf of India Mart, we thank everyone for joining us on this webinar. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.
