# SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/VILAS-Concall_Nov_2024_Transcript.pdf
# PAGES: 21


===== PAGE 1 =====


===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Vilas Transcore Limited H1 FY25 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NILESH PATEL - CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, VILAS TRANSCORE LIMITED 


===== PAGE 3 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Vilas Transcore Limited H1 FY25 
Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us today the Management of Vilas Transcore Limited  – Mr. Nilesh Patel, 
Chairman & Managing Director. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that this call may contain some of the forward looking 
statements which are completely based upon our belief, opinion and expectation s as of today. 
These statements are not a guarantees of future performance and involve unforeseen risks and 
uncertainties. The company also undertakes no obligation to update any forward -looking 
statements or reflect developments that after a statement has made. Documents relating to the 
company’s financial performance including the investor presentation have already bee n 
uploaded on the stock exchange and the company’s website. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nilesh Patel. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nilesh Patel: Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Nilesh Patel, and I thank you all for joining our Earnings 
Call. We hope you had an opportunity to review our Investor Presentation which was uploaded 
to the stock exchange today. 
We will be sharing key Operational and Financial Highlights for the 6 months period ending 
September 30, 2024. But before we dive into updates, we would like to take a moment to 
introduce our business model for those of you who may be looking at our company for the first 
time. 
About Vilas Transcore Limited, founded in 2006, Vilas Transcore Limited is a manufacturer and 
supplier of power transmission and distribution components, serving primarily transformer and 
other power equipment manufacturers in India and internationally. We produce a wide range of 
Cold Rolled Grain -Oriented CRGO electrical lamination  including CRGO Lamination Core, 
Slitted Coils, Stack Assembled Core, Wound Cores and Toroidal Cores. These components are 
integral to the efficient functioning of the power and distribution transformers. We operate from 
two ISO 9001 -2015 certified manufacturing facility located near Po r near Vadodara, Gujarat 
with a total production capacity of 12,000 metric tons per annum. 
Expansion plan and IPO funds: 
We recently raised approximately Rs. 95 crores through our IPO to support our expansion plans. 
These funds are allocated for constructing a new factory building and acquiring additional plant 

===== PAGE 4 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 3 of 20 
and machinery. Upon completion of the capital expansion, our plant capacity will increase from 
12,000 m etric tons per annum to 36,000 metric tons per annum, a three -fold growth. The 
expansion is currently underway. However, given the scope and scale, numerous approvals are 
required, which has led to some delays. Unexpected floods have also caused further se tbacks. 
Also, we are leaving no stone unturned to make the facility stay from the heart and align with 
our future outlook of making it multi-product facility enhanced. While I'm trying to speed up the 
setup, we are not overly rushing at cost of any comprom ise. We now expect trial runs to begin 
by March with full-scale operation launching in April of the next fiscal year. Additionally, we 
are expanding our product portfolio to include new offerings  such as transformer radi ator and 
nanocrystalline cores. 
Financial and operational highlights: 
Now I'd like to share some key financial and operational highlights for the first half of the fiscal 
year ending September 30, 2024. Our total income for H1 financial year 25 stood at Rs. 167 
crore, reflecting 4% increase year-over-year. EBITDA was Rs. 23 crores, up by 38% year-over-
year with an EBITDA margin of 13.7%, which was after absorbing the IPO cost of nearly Rs.7 
crores, profit after tax= was Rs.14 crores, up by 28% year -over-year. With a PAT margin of 
8.6%, we maintained strong return ratio with ROE at 14.5% and ROCE at 16% for H1 financial 
year 25 and we are net debt free company. 
Our improved margins this year are partly due to issues in China affecting global supply chains. 
Once these issues stabilize, margins are expected to return to previous levels. On the operational 
side, we are currently operating at over 90% capacity utilization, underscoring our efficient use 
of resources. Additionally, to ensure supply chain resilience, we have onbo arded new suppliers 
to address any potential disruptions, ensuring a steady and reliable flow of materials.  This 
enhancement not only supports operational continuity but also strengthens our foundations of 
future growth. 
With that, I conclude my opening remarks. Thank you everyone. I now request the moderator to 
open the floor for the question and answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. First question is 
from the line of Jayesh Lad from Centra Insight LLP. Please go ahead. 
Jayesh Lad: What I wanted to ask was regarding our CRGO silicon steel. Sir, what is the domestic capacity 
and demand as well as the international capacity and demand? 
Nilesh Patel: So, our domestic requirement for this material is around 3,40,000 metric tons. That is what is 
the annually demand for the transformer lamination. Out of which , we produce in India around 
1,00,000 metric tons and 2,40,000 metric tons comes from the outside as a form of import in the 
raw material. 

===== PAGE 5 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 4 of 20 
Jayesh Lad: And second is what is the reason that the Indian producers are not producing CRGO silicon 
steel? What is the technology which is required which is not available in India? That’s the reason 
we are so import dependent. 
Nilesh Patel: Because this basic raw material which is HR, to make the HR for this CRGO steel is difficult 
and none of our steel plant was having the facility, technology to produce that kind of HR. Jindal 
Steel has done tie up with JFE Japan and now they are putting up the plant which will be in 
operational and maybe they will deliver the material by 2027 or so. 
Jayesh Lad: And lastly, sir, what is the cost per metric ton of CRGO that is the mother coil you are importing 
and after the laminations at what price are we selling to our customers? And if there is any price 
fluctuation, are we in a position to pass on the prices to our customer or we have t o bear the 
cost? 
Nilesh Patel: Sir, this price for the mother coil varies from around Rs. 250 per kg to Rs. 350 per kg depending 
on the grades and thickness of the material. Sales cost always depends on the little bit of demand 
and supply chain. But overall, it is a 20% of the value addition in that. And whenever there is a 
fluctuation, we always book our material in advance so we know the futuristic price or the 
futuristic trend. So, according to that, we set our sales price and sales policy, increase in sales or 
decrease in the sales and we manage to majority of the time pass on plus or minus to the 
customer. 
Jayesh Lad: What are the sustainable EBITDA margins? Like, if you can comment on that. Currently, we are 
making around 10%, 11%. And in future, what do you see where we can expand the margins to? 
Nilesh Patel: EBITDA margin always depends on the situation, but the minimum what we have produced in 
last year was the minimum base margins. These six months, there were some kind of exceptional 
margins, but the last year whatever we have produced in March 2024 was the base margin, below 
that it never goes. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Khadija Mantri from Capri Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Khadija Mantri: One is that I wanted to know regarding our CAPEX. So, it has been delayed by 3 to 4 months. 
And then once  the facility is operational in April 2025 , how do you see it ramp up? Will the 
entire 24,000 tons be able to be manufactured in FY26 or will it be gradually ramped up? 
Nilesh Patel: Ma'am, your question was not clear. I am not able to understand. From whatever I understand 
that you want to know that when our fund is deployed and whatever the capacity will come, that 
in next financial year, we'll be able to reach 200% or not, that is what you want to ask me? 
Khadija Mantri: Yes, precisely. 

===== PAGE 6 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 5 of 20 
Nilesh Patel: So, our expansion, mostly 90% will be finished by the March 2025. Only 10% office building, 
roads, and some small, small infrastructure will be remained, which will be completed by April 
or May of 2025. So, once this entire infrastructure is ready and is operational, next year we are 
targeting to double fold our present capacity. So, we are making 12,000 tons right now and next 
year we are planning to make 24,000 metric tons. We have a capacity of 36,000 metric tons, but 
we always focus that it will be slow and steady. So, next year we will be targeting for 24,000 
metric tons. If market supports and we are going to work hard in market support and we can do 
it more than that, that will be great. Otherwise, our minimum target will be 24,000 metric tons 
for the next year. And then after in March 2027, we will definitely reach to 36,000 met ric tons. 
That's full capacity. 
Khadija Mantri: Understood. And my second question is, transformers and rectifiers, they have announced that  
we would be  acquiring some company in CRG O Lamination . So, that is basically they are 
planning to backward integrate. Does it impact our business or how do you see this? 
Nilesh Patel: And till date only that one company we have heard about that they are thinking for the backward 
integration because the company what they are going to procure that itself runs on them only. 
So, might be they go for that and they bought  that, but transformer and rectifier is not in our 
portfolio of the customer. We are selling them the material but it's very very minimal. 
Khadija Mantri: And also, sir, I was wondering what's the reason for margin expansion in this first half as 
compared to last year's first half? Is it the product peaks or what is the reason that has led to 
increase in the margins? And you just said that it's 10 % to 11% sustainable, but what was the 
reason for increase in the margins? 
Nilesh Patel: The only reason of increasing this margin is that right now there is a scarcity of this material. It's 
not freely available and demand is also very good. So, we are able to increase our margin looking 
to the present situation. 
Khadija Mantri: I wanted to know what would be the optimum margin that we can make in such scenario where 
there is high demand and supply crunch. Will it be 14% or it can go upwards also, for the industry 
as a whole I'm asking. 
Nilesh Patel: If you ask me about maximum margin, I cannot judge. It can go more. It purely depends on the 
supply and demand. But yes, I can say the minimum operating margin for the industries is what 
we have done in last year because that I have experienced for 30 years. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bhuvan M.G. from Tiger Asset. Please go ahead. 
Bhuvan MG: My first question is, by how much capacity are you increasing nanocrystalline core? And would 
like to know about few market dynamics regarding that? 

===== PAGE 7 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 6 of 20 
Nilesh Patel: Nano crystalline core is the new produ ct, it's not the capacity expansion. We are adding up the 
new product. It is a highly technical product. We are having bit experience for that and we have 
to develop that product. So, it's a core. We are making right now core from the silicon steel. This 
is nanocrystalline material is a different kind of material. So, it's technology for processing is 
very different. We are having knowledge of that because we are running a small company called 
Nano Cryst Transcore in Manesar and we are making turnover of around Rs. 6- Rs. 7 crores over 
that. Now we are getting more and more demand for that. So, we are now adding that portfolio 
to our Vilas Transcore and we are going to manufacture the cores from here and going to sell to 
different customers in India. At present, in first year, we are planning to reach to around say 10 
or 12 cores maximum. But yes, this particular product has a lot of different variants of the 
products, which is a technically  different products. We have to develop that. And it's a long 
process, but it has a very good margin. So, that is why we have added that in our  product 
portfolio. 
Bhuvan MG: And if I'm not wrong, you will be one of the few two to three players  who will be doing this, 
right? 
Nilesh Patel: Yes. 
Bhuvan MG: And expansion, what would be the working capital scenario? Would it be the same ? 
Nilesh Patel: Up to 600 crore, whatever the working capital is required, that we have in our cash flow. So, we 
are not going for any more debt or something for the working capital. We have that sufficient 
fund to run these operations. 
Bhuvan MG: Of the Rs. 600 crore sales, your balance sheet can support the working capital 
Nilesh Patel: Up to Rs. 600 crores, we hav e that working capital and beyond Rs. 600 crores, when we will 
reach after March 26, we will analyze if that time the same CRGO price is there and if we require, 
then we will have to take some more non-fund-based limits from the bank. 
Bhuvan MG: Sir, as you mentioned there is a lot of demand and supply scarcity for CRGO steel ammunition 
and your comparable listed peer is making around 15% margins, and yours is around 10%-11%, 
so can we increase our margins to 15% in the present product portfolio? 
Nilesh Patel: Sir, if the market remains in similar way, yes we can maintain that. But how market will react 
after 6 months or 10 months or a year, we don ’t know. So, committing that we will definitely 
maintain this, is not the right thing. But yes, if the market remains same, it's not hard to maintain 
this. 
Bhuvan MG: So, to summarize if market conditions are favorable then yes we can make 14% to 15%? 
Nilesh Patel: Yes. 

===== PAGE 8 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 7 of 20 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nishant Gupta from Minerva Global Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Nishant Gupta: Sir, I wanted to understand what is the reason that the working capital cycle has shot up for the 
company despite the sales number has not grown by that percentage. When I compare the 
number of the inventory, the trade receivables and the short-term borrowing has also gone up to 
15 crore. So, this is what I wanted to understand. 
Nilesh Patel: Short-term borrowing is buyer’s credit. That's one LC we have revolved to the buyer’s credit 
because of the exchange variation rate. And it's not the kind of borrowing, it's already paid also. 
It was in the form of buyer’s credit on 30th September. And right now our inventory is more 
because there is a scarcity of the material and we have t o keep all the grades in the stock.  
Otherwise, we always keep one month our turnover in the stock. Right now, it is a two-month’s 
turnover in a stock. And when in the market, there is a demand and short supply, our inventory 
goes up, and our outstanding go es down because we are able to sell material on the LC basis. 
We are able to sell material on the payment against delivery basis of kind of things.  So, this is 
what it is. 
Nishant Gupta: And so the reason for trade receivable going up to Rs. 61 crore? 
Nilesh Patel: The credit receivable is Rs. 61 crore, out of which there are lots of sales against LC which we 
are not getting discounted from the bank and we are waiting that once the due date will come 
the LC payment will be coming. So, trade receivable like if I am selling on the LC and if I am 
getting it discounted, definitely trade receivable will be reduced. But we don't want to pay that 
interest also so that's why we are showing it as trade receivable s, but most of the payments are 
against LC. 
Nishant Gupta: So, if I can summarize this, you're saying that the inventories will eventually translate into sales 
in the coming quarters, which we have built right now. And the trade receivables are all 
realizable. Like there is no bad debt kind of situation that we see. Correct? 
Nilesh Patel: Correct. 
Nishant Gupta: So, the second question is since your upcoming capacity is delayed by 3-4 months, I read in your 
annual report that you are guiding for 30%-35% annual growth. Is this something that is still on 
track? For this particular year, are we seeing a 35% year -on-year growth for t he full year and 
going forward? 
Nilesh Patel: In this year, we never claimed that because our present plant, what we are running at present, is 
running at 90%-95% full capacity. So, in this present plant, we cannot do any 35% growth kind 
of thing. But yes, we are trying to achieve 10%-15% growth in this present plant by doing some 
kind of efficiency and all those things.  But yes, when we will be starting up the new plant for 

===== PAGE 9 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 8 of 20 
the next financial year, definitely we will have a lot of growth over there. In present plant, we 
may forecast that we will do 30%-35% growth in present plant. 
Nishant Gupta: So, one final question, since you mentioned previously to one of the answer that currently the 
imports is on a higher side as compared to the domestic production, are we seeing any risk of 
price going down of the import which kind of takes away the share from the domestic players or 
that risk is not there? 
Nilesh Patel: At present, sir, what kind of shortages are there, I don't see any kind of price downfall in our 
material for the next one year or so. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nam an Parmar from Niveshaay Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Naman Parmar: I understand why the other expense has increased significantly YoY. It was due to IPO cost only 
or there was other expense also? 
Nilesh Patel: It's just because of the IPO cost. 
Naman Parmar: Secondly, how much exports are done in the H1 and how much you expect to do in the future 
and what's the margin difference? 
Nilesh Patel: In my earlier concall, I said that in export there is no that much kind of benefits are there. In 
some of the cases we get 1% or 2% higher rates in export. Mainly it's a similar kind of the India's 
rate. So, at present, we are doing around 3% to 4% of our capacity in export because our Indian 
customers are not able to fulfill 100% from our present capa city. So, we are not focusing too 
much on the export, but yes, we have developed few customers and we are doing around 3% to 
4% exports every month, which we will increase once we will go to the new plant and we will 
start the new facility. 
Naman Parmar: So, it will be domestic. 
Nilesh Patel: Yes. 
Naman Parmar: Thirdly, why you have taken the short -term debt this time? It was due to working capital only 
or what was the reason for that? 
Nilesh Patel: It was around when we were about to pay the dolla r, the dollar price was high and we took 
around 30 days buyer’s credit to just manipulate with that pricing. 
Naman Parmar: And lastly, currently we have a PGCIL approval till 220 kV, right? 
Nilesh Patel: Yes. 

===== PAGE 10 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 9 of 20 
Naman Parmar: So, we have any plan to enter into higher kVs like 465 or 765, or 400? 
Nilesh Patel: Once we will go to the new plant and the new machines what we have bought , we'll be able to 
process the maximum capacity of the transformer. So, once that new facility will be started and 
it match with the requirement to the environment and all other criteria. So, we will definitely go 
for PGCIL approval up to the 765 kV or 800 kV class. 
Naman Parmar: And lastly on the amorphous side, so how was the demand on the amorphous side and there was 
also a supply side issue on the amorphous also like CRGO? 
Nilesh Patel: Yes, i t's a supply side issue because the Indian government has stop ped almost all Chinese 
suppliers in the metal. So, that is the supply side problems is also there but for that we have tied 
with the Japanese players, and we have placed an order to them also. 
Naman Parmar: Okay, Japan and euro we have done? 
Nilesh Patel: Yes. 
Naman Parmar: So, there is no BIS regulation or anything has been come up by the government to increase the 
supply of the CRGO in the domestic? 
Nilesh Patel: The government has put up a ban, we can’t say the ban, but they have just hold the BIS license 
of the Chinese mills but they have started the Korean mills or BIS again which was kept on the 
hold and we have heard that they might restart one or two Chinese mills also. But even if they 
don't start, they don't start, we have made our plan that we have recently placed an order for the 
Poland mill for more, one Brazilian mill, Go steel which is an Arcelor Mittal mill. So, we have 
tie-up a few more mills and we have placed an order and started importing from them. 
Naman Parmar: And lastly on the nanocrystalline and radiators, this all new product will be contributing how 
much to your total revenue? 
Nilesh Patel: Radiator contribution will be 10% to 15% in total revenue and nanocrystalline core is not more 
than around 5%-6% in total revenue. That is also after 3-4 years. 
Naman Parmar: The 5%-6% is after 2 to 3 years. 
Nilesh Patel: Yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jainam from Saltoro Investments. Please go 
ahead. 

===== PAGE 11 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 10 of 20 
Jainam: I wanted to ask given the kind of demand that we are talking about , just wanted to understand 
why such a low revenue growth in the first half. What are the issues and what are we expecting 
in the second half if we could throw some light on this? 
Nilesh Patel: Low growth is because whatever the plant we are running at present is running at full capacity. 
So, though there is a high demand, we are not able to take the orders which are coming to us 
because we are running at full capacity, the first thing. And second thing, in next six months, we 
have implemented some of the systems right now,  Kaizen or some kind of things . So, that will 
give a growth, but not extraordinary growth. 10% -15% maybe for first six months and next six 
months maybe 10 % or 15% more than this , but in this financial year because of this capacity 
constraint, this will be the round figures. 
Jainam: And also can you explain what was the factor or the reason for delay in the capacity expansion 
especially given the context that fully capacity utilization is almost 100%. What led to the delay 
and what are we doing about it? 
Nilesh Patel: The new plant we have started in somewhere around May and June and we targeted that we will 
be finished within 6 months and 2 months reduction c ommissioning will be done and we were 
about to start operations from February, that was our plan. Now it has been delayed by 2 months 
because of rain, there was a lot of rain and the site was closed for around 15 -20 days. Usually 
this kind of rain was not happening in the last so many years. This was the highest flooding 
system in Baroda. Then the second thing is we are doing multiple products, so we have to take 
lots of approvals for the firefighting systems and all those things. So, all this has taken a little bit 
of time. And as it is a very big project, one or two months here and there  is possible. These are 
the main two reasons. Otherwise all machinery and everything has been placed in order and it 
will be delivered in December onwards. It will be shipped in December onwards. December 1st 
week the inspection call has been raised by the oil supplier. We are sending our team for the 
inspection and everything in December and they will ship the December end machine wise and 
everything will be coming in January. January-February election commissioning will go on. In 
March we are trying to take the trial run and all those things. We have delayed by 45 day to 60 
days. 
Jainam: Understood. And you talked about the demand. But if you can give a broader idea particu larly 
in the next 3 to 5 years given the kind of demand that is there for  both power transmission and 
distribution. So, sort of long-ish view given that you have seen so many cycles, can you explain 
how is this cycle different to let's say the previous one, how are you finding it and how robust is 
the demand? That's the last question from my side. 
Nilesh Patel: If you will see the transformer industry result in order booking and everything, you will 
understand that the present order booking is more or less all the transformer companies ’ book 
for 1-1.5 year of their capacity. If you go internationally, US and all those market, transformers 
companies are booked for next three to four years. 

===== PAGE 12 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 11 of 20 
Jainam: Internationally, right? 
Nilesh Patel: Internationally yes . So, there are lots of opportunities that the transformer is going to get 
exported from India. As well as in India, lots of upgradation of the transmission lines are coming. 
Solar and wind projects are coming. Transformers will be the essential and the needed thing. So, 
the kind of reason our prime minister is having for the green energy and our nation is going 
towards green energy, for next five years, seven years, definitely demand will remain and it will 
increase. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Akash Jhaveri from ValueQuest. Please go ahead. 
Akash Jhaveri: My question was more on the revenue part, which was part of the earlier question also, revenue 
growth of 2%. I understand volumes would be flat, but with the CRGO shortage, sho uldn't the 
realization growth have been higher than 2%? 
Nilesh Patel: As I said, we are running on the 100% capacity. And in this kind of scenario, if you have a 
limited kind of volume, we have to sell. In March, April, the price was going up and up. So, our 
sell strategy was like that, April, May, June, our sales were a little bit on lower side. And then 
when the price has been gone  substantially up, we started selling raw material. So, April and 
May, our sales were a bit down. We hold up them and that usually we do. 
Akash Jhaveri: So, for H1, would it be possible to split this 2% in volume and value? What was the split of 
volume growth and value growth? 
Nilesh Patel: It's a volume growth. 
Akash Jhaveri: And also because, when we look at your customers, so say Voltamp Transformers, they reported 
a sort of a 12% decline in realization per MVA and also flat gross margins. So, it seems that for 
them also, raw material prices would have fallen YOY. So, we're just trying to understand is this 
shortage of CRGO going to reflect in prices later on and it's not reflected yet or, you know, or  
the shortage is more on the volume side but it's not really impacting value growth. 
Nilesh Patel: I'm not getting your answers. You said Voltamp’s 12% reduced is what? 
Akash Jhaveri: The price per MVA, they report volume growth also that they have. So, their price per MVA 
actually declined this quarter YoY. 
Nilesh Patel: I don't know about transformer but the basic is that CRGO price has gone little bit up not gone 
down and price has gone little bit up and copper may be gone down and their price may be get 
adjusted in that way because in transformer CRGO does not only play the role , lots of other 
things play the role . If oil goes down, copper goes down their value per MVA goes down and 
CRGO price has not doubled or kind of thing, so it's marginally has been increased. 

===== PAGE 13 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 12 of 20 
Akash Jhaveri: The second small question I had was on this tax rate. Tax rate was 33% for H1. Just wanted to 
understand for the full year, will it be 25% odd or what will be the tax rate for the full year? 
Nilesh Patel: What do you say, tax rate? 
Akash Jhaveri: Yes, tax rate. We reported a higher tax rate, YoY 33%? 
Nilesh Patel: I need to check. Tax rate, I'm not aware about. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rupesh Tatia from IntelSense Capital . Please go 
ahead. 
Rupesh Tatia: I just have one question, sir. If I look at CRGO prices, let's say before 2021, there were between 
100 and 150 for maybe 10-15 years. And then because of whatever supply chain challenges, the 
prices, when I think from 100 to almost up to 300, 350  and now maybe they are around 250. 
And I also, in the same time, I see that before 2020, the margins that CRGO players were making 
conversion costs and all that was around 4%. And then now the margins you're talking about is 
10%. So, how sustainable is this, for next  let's say 3-4 years? And maybe you can explain it 
from, if new CRGO supplies coming in the market then maybe the prices will go back again to 
100-150 range and then in that case how will you maintain 10% margins? 
Nilesh Patel: Sir in India, we have a BIS and CRGO. Now if you see the scenario right now, Jindal has bought 
CSPL mill at the cost of say Rs. 5500 crores or something and India is protected with the BIS. 
So, kind of flooding situation in India for the CRGO is not going to happen again because even 
if the government will open Chinese mills, there might be one or two, not ten mills. And even 
when China sells to India, they sell that for the Indian market only. So, I don't see in near future 
that the price will go down in that way. But if you ask about Vilas Transcore, the margin was 
we have say EBITDA of say 12% or kind of thing. We have never gone down than that  even 
before 2020 or 2019 or 2018, 201 7 or whatever it was.  Because when prices have gone down, 
our operating cost and margin, we are just in our sales cost mostly. And we have a few products 
like Toroidial core we have one of the largest in India, which is a very profitable margin business. 
Rupesh Tatia: So, I'm looking at the number, March 2020 your EBITDA margins were 4%, March 2021 your 
EBITDA margins were 7%, then March 2022 onwards it went into double digits and it looks…  
Nilesh Patel: No, March 20 there were 2 to 3 months with the factory was closed. 2021 there was a... 
Rupesh Tatia: See, I understand COVID. 20 is COVID, but 21 is still 7%, I don’t have data before. But maybe 
the other way to ask this question sir is the conversion cost you have is that per kg or is it on a 
percentage basis? So, let's say you get CRGO for 250. 
Nilesh Patel: The conversion cost is per kg. 

===== PAGE 14 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 13 of 20 
Rupesh Tatia: So, now currently it is like Rs. 40 to Rs. 50 you get and maybe Rs. 40 – Rs. 50 is the conversion 
cost. Is that a right understanding as of now? 
Nilesh Patel: We basically work on our expense like , X is the material cost, then the scrap and then our cost 
of conversion and then margin kind of the things formula we work. 
Rupesh Tatia: So, your value addition would be roughly Rs. 40-50 at today's pric es. Is that the right way to 
look at it? 
Nilesh Patel: No, Rs. 40-50 is not the value addition. 
Rupesh Tatia: Then how maybe you can explain this a little bit? 
Nilesh Patel: So, like our scrap ratio is X, then our operating cost is Y, and then our margin comes. So, this is 
how we evaluate our sales cost. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Yash Ded hia from Maximal Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Yash Dedhia: So, first question was on the line of CRGO prices. So, recently, few players have alluded that 
supplies from China are now getting back to the stream and BIS certification issues which are 
there are now easing out. So, in this case, do we see any kind of a) availability of material getting 
better which was not the case since past a year or so and b) the prices also improving? 
Nilesh Patel: So, even if China, what you heard that China is getting these or it's going to start, we still didn't 
hear. But even if t hey start, Chinese mill are smart, even they sell the B IS approved material, 
they approve always give the X cost and non B IS material is Y cost. Same mill gives two kind 
of cost. So, if you are importing for India, it's not going to  availability of material. Even if 
availability is increased, this kind of margin, maybe 2% or 3%, maybe go down and we can 
come to original margin. But that margin is sustainable margin because there is also demand in 
the market. That margin will go down when there is no demand and supply is too much. 
Yash Dedhia: And sir, with the CAPEX on the horizon, is there any other company or anyone in the industry 
apart from us doing CAPEX in this line for lamination sheet? 
Nilesh Patel: Maybe few companies must be doing like JB laminatio n we heard they are doing or Mahindra, 
they are also doing some CAPEX because demand is increasing. At present, we are not able to 
supply to lots of customers. People are coming  this is a 50 tons of order and they need in three 
days, four days or eight days. Such kind of orders we are not able to take it. 
Yash Dedhia: Correct. 

===== PAGE 15 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 14 of 20 
Nilesh Patel: All transformer companies increasing their capacity, they will require the raw material.  If their 
ancillary will not increase the capacity, ultimately they will not be able to produce more 
transformer. 
Yash Dedhia: So, I understand that volume is something a major trigger in our industry, rather than playing on 
the margins. Volume is something which we should concentrate on. So, any new capacity, if we 
decide to add, what is the lead time we take to build that capacity? 
Nilesh Patel: Building that again person to person vary, if somebody can get ready in say one year somebody 
can get ready in t wo years to building the capacity if they are having , if they are established 
player and they build the capacity here because they can be in market. 
Yash Dedhia: So, for us, what would that be with the current resources we have? 
Nilesh Patel: You are talking about figure? 
Yash Dedhia: Yes. 
Nilesh Patel: So, that's what I said, we have started the project in the May and we are coming into the trial 
production in March. 
Yash Dedhia: So, less than a year and going ahead also, we can maintain the same pace or we can improve on 
it? 
Nilesh Patel: This is our expansion which we have taken place and it will be over when we will start the trial 
production. Then capacity expansion if required, that's the second question because right now 
we have planned till March 27. 
Yash Dedhia: So, for March 27, we at least will have to plan in FY26. 
Nilesh Patel: So, this capacity what we have is for the 3,000 metric tons capacity. Now we don't have to do 
any CAPEX or we don't have to expand our company. We focus and we forecast that we will 
putting up the capacity for 3,000 metric, additional 2,000 metric tons. Out of  that additional 
2,000 metric tons, 1,000 metric tons per month we will achieve in financial  year which is 
finishing in FY March 26. And another 1000 metric ton, we will achieve in March 27. So, we 
don't have to add any kind of CAPEX in that. If market is good, demand is good, we can speed 
up that process and we can achieve early. If not good, then this is the slow process which we 
have said that we will be going to achieve. 
Yash Dedhia: And sir, this whole additional 2000 metric ton per month, is PGCIL approved or the approval is 
yet to be received? 
Nilesh Patel: Not necessary that it will be sold only to the PGCIL approved customer. 

===== PAGE 16 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 15 of 20 
Yash Dedhia: No, but the facility is approved or...  
Nilesh Patel: Facility will be approved. 
Yash Dedhia: And where are we in the approval process? 
Nilesh Patel: Sir, approval process will be start once the facility is created. 
Yash Dedhia: And then only we can supply to the PGCIL work. So, for that, it's part of PGCIL. 
Nilesh Patel: Yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Ginoria from MoneyBee Investment 
Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Yash Ginoria: Sir, there was an article which said that India is facing a 30% shortage in terms of CRGO steel. 
So, it was primarily because of delays in approvals by BIS.  And also you mentioned once that 
some mills in China, their license was cancel led and they had to stop their factories for the 20 -
30 days in a month. So, I just wanted to understand, is it in place right now or do we still  have 
issues? 
Nilesh Patel: That license was cancel led in the March end only. And yes, the material from China is not 
coming right now. And none of the license for Chinese mill has been restored. 
Yash Ginoria: So, from where are we sourcing our raw materials right now? 
Nilesh Patel: We are sourcing from Russia, Germany, Poland. And recently we got the materials from Brazil. 
And the local two mills 
Yash Ginoria: And have we started taking orders for a new plant? 
Nilesh Patel: For the lamination new plants order that we will start from taking in March for the delivery of 
April. 
Yash Ginoria: And sir, what is the current order book? 
Nilesh Patel: We are always having order book for 30 to 45 days, so anywhere between 40 crores to 45 crores. 
Yash Ginoria: Rs. 30 crores to 45 crores? 
Nilesh Patel: Yes. 

===== PAGE 17 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 16 of 20 
Yash Ginoria: So, you previously mentioned that we'll have a topline of Rs. 400 crores to Rs. 450 crores in 
FY25. So, are we on track or? 
Nilesh Patel: No, sir. We plan that we will be starting our production in January, February and March and we 
will take that 2 months' benefit from the new plant. But due to this delay, we will not be able to 
reach to Rs. 400 crores or something, but definitely we will try to close nearly Rs. 360 or Rs. 
370. 
Yash Ginoria: And sir what is the current export revenue in our topline? 
Nilesh Patel: 3% to 4%. 
Yash Ginoria: Now, are you looking to expand this? 
Nilesh Patel: Yes, once the new facility will be start, we will expand the export revenue. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kushal Shah from Nexus  Equity Growth Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Kushal Shah: One question from my side on raw material procurement side. So, from the balance sheet, what 
we can figure out is that there has been an increase in the short -term borrowings vis-à-vis the 
increase in inventory. So, is it right to assume that we have built up on the CR GO steel as we 
are facing some shortage. So, is it  right to assume that we have built up on raw material 
inventory? 
Nilesh Patel: Yes. Because of shortage and uncertainty, we are keeping a bit more stock so that our customers 
should not suffer and our growth should not stop. 
Kushal Shah: And sir, second question on the new capacity type. So, sir, as you mentioned in the call and also 
in the presentation, that by the end of this fiscal year we are planning to launch a trial run and 
by April ‘25, we will be able to  start our capacity commercial production. So, sir, any chances 
on further delay because as you mentioned that there are plethora of approvals are required and 
from the photographs which you have shared in the presentation. So, I mean any chances for 
further delay or not , I mean are you confident of achieving that timeline whatever you have  
mentioned? 
Nilesh Patel: At present, as rain is not there and we came on the floor, all the PV structure has been 
manufactured at the manufacturing play. And in the next 10, 15 days, all the PV structu res and 
everything will be at play. So, definitely we will upload some photographs after 20 days so that 
people will be able to understand what is the level right now. At present, we don't see any kind 
of delay more than that. The machines are also ready a nd we got the calls from China for the 
inspection in the first week of December. So, at present we don't see any kind of things because 
all orders have been placed and the advance has been given. So, it will be mostly in production 

===== PAGE 18 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 17 of 20 
time. And the new entire team is going to join in January and February. So, people will be joining 
in January and February. 
Kushal Shah: So, sir, our expectation of achieving the 24,000 metric tons of production and sales volume by 
next fiscal which is F Y26, I think we will able to meet their expectation, correct?  Achieving 
24,000 metric tons of volumes? 
Nilesh Patel: Yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chinmay Nema from Prescient Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Chinmay Nema: Could you give some color on your wallet share with your marquee clients? So, with Voltamp 
and the others, some general sense? 
Nilesh Patel: Do you want to know the percentage of the sales to customers? 
Chinmay Nema: No, sir, I want to know if Voltamp is b uying Rs. 100 worth of lamination, how much of it is 
supplied by us? 
Nilesh Patel: As per our knowledge, we are a large supplier to them because that's what they say. And in this 
six months, we have supplied them around 2800 or 2900 metric tons of material to them. So, we 
are one of the largest suppliers to them. Now how much percentage we are supplying to them, 
that exactly I don't know and there is no methodology to know that. 
Chinmay Nema: Secondly, would you be able to give some sense around in transformer manufacturing, what is 
the share of electrical lamination and the cost? Is it a big portion of the cost in the manufacturing 
or is it like a smaller line item? 
Nilesh Patel: It varies from 25 % to 35 % or 40% of the transformer cost , depending on  the rating and the 
design. 
Chinmay Nema: And lastly, so some of your clients would be only operating with private clients, others might 
also be into project businesses. So, they would have different degrees of receivable risk at their 
end. Does it translate to you or does it not? Could you give some color on nature of your contracts 
with your clients? 
Nilesh Patel: So, this was the phenomena before 5-7 years or 10 years that the transformer company was not 
having the money. Right now , all the transformer c ompanies are having a good cash flow 
situation. And there is a lot of demand of transformers. So, even transformer people do not sell 
lot on the credit basis. So, revenue-wise, nowadays we don't see any of the companies having 
financial crunch from our customers. We are having a very prominent customers in our customer 
book. Those are the cash rich companies. 

===== PAGE 19 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 18 of 20 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dhruv Agarwal from Research Zone Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Dhruv Agarwal: Firstly, how big is the total addressable market for the radiator and what kind of market share 
will be catering with this 7,200 metric tons per annum, sir? 
Nilesh Patel: The radiator market exactly we don't know how much is the exact quantity for the market 
because there is no data available because this market is specifically with lots of unorganized 
sectors. There are lots of small small players who are making 30 tons, 40 tons, 50 tons kind of 
things. So, but when we say 600 metric tons, we need 3 or 4 customers. Like if you supply to 
Silchar or you supply to Voltamp, they must be buying 100-150 metric tons each. 
Dhruv Agarwal: And secondly, I have a question on this other expense that we have reported this quarter . Sir, 
there was one-time expense of IPO cost of Rs. 7.5 Cr. as you have said in the opening remarks. 
Sir if we exclude that from the other expense, then the margins would be around 15% EBITDA 
margins. So, like you have guided for the sustainable margins of 10 % to 11%, but seeing this 
quarter, if we remove this exceptional item, the margins would be 15%. So, any highlights that 
you would like to make on that, sir? 
Nilesh Patel: No, as we said, when government has stopped the BIS marking of the Chinese mill, the price 
has gone up slowly, slowly, slowly. It's 4%, 5%, 7% kind of thing. And we were having a lot of 
bookings with the mills, and all old cost material we received. And in earlier one of the questions, 
I said that we hold up little bit in April and May and we started selling material from the majority 
of the material from June, July, August, September. That's the kind of tactics we always adopt 
to increase the margin. And some kind of incident comes and we play with that and increase the 
margin. This is a purely demand supply that the supply has been stopped and the demand was 
there, that's a market driven thing. 
Dhruv Agarwal: And any guidelines that you would like to give as we are increasing the capacity, right, sir? So, 
we would be earning at operati ng leverage. So, in financial year 26, any kind of guidance that 
you would like to give for the topline, sir? 
Nilesh Patel: As we said, it will be the double in capacity. The topline has to be around 650, somewhere Rs. 
650 crores to Rs. 700 crores. The financial year 26, I said March 26th. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Siddharth Shah , an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Siddharth Shah: One was on the raw material cost. So, it seems H1 of this year versus H1 of last year, the r aw 
material cost has come down. And I was just trying to understand given CRGOs in short supply, 
and we are just a converter, wouldn't the CRGO mills be charging us more to procure this? And 
maybe I'll stop there and then ask my second question. 

===== PAGE 20 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 19 of 20 
|Nilesh Patel: I didn't understand. 
Dhruv Agarwal: Sir, I think because CRGO is in short supply, we procure CRGO from the mills. So, wouldn't 
they actually be earning the higher margin versus us as the converter? 
Nilesh Patel: Mills earnings vary from time to time. Sometimes mills may lose material and money in CRGO 
and sometimes they may earn more. That criteria of earning we are not able to  judge. But yes, 
always like at present if you say CRGO in China, they are selling at X cost and the same CRGO 
what TKE is selling in India, they are selling X plus say 10% or X plus 20%. So, in India, mills 
are making 10% or 20% more margin than the other mill around the world. 
Dhruv Agarwal: My second question was, I mean, we can look at the financials, but in your opinion, we earn like 
a 22%-23% ROCE which is very healthy. But someone like a Voltamp earns like a 50% to 60% 
ROCE. Why do you see that difference? 
Nilesh Patel: Voltamp is a total transformer manufacturing company and they are having their brand and very 
much established company all over the India. You cannot compare Voltamp’s data with another 
transformer company,  Voltamp is just exceptional. If you see the data of other transformer 
companies, you will not find that much of lucrative to them. Everybody is having their own 
features, doing lots of exports. The EBITDA is good. Voltamp is having their brand value and 
lots of things , t heir marketing teams, marketing branches  and all those things. So, I cannot 
compare that to what is our field data cannot be comparable with the transformer industry. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Suraj, an individual investor. Please proceed. 
Suraj: Just wanted to know regarding the demand, just want to know the usage of the radiat or in the 
industry, like the transformer we are selling, there will be requirement of one radiator for the 
transformer if we did? 
Nilesh Patel: Radiator is used for the cooling of the transformer. So, that also goes on design. It's not the one 
radiator per  transformer. Like if you see power transformer, it's around 10 or 12 radiators 
surrounding the transformer. So, that all depends on the design. It might be that 2% to 3% cost 
of the transformer. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Miten Shah, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Miten Shah: Who is largest player in our market? And what could be our percentage share? 
Nilesh Patel: The largest player in the market is KRYFS Power component. It's a private company. At present, 
our share is around 4% in the total market. 
Miten Shah: How big would they be compared to us? 

===== PAGE 21 =====
 Vilas Transcore Limited 
November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 20 of 20 
Nilesh Patel: They are 2.5x. 
Miten Shah: So, as we're going to start this radiators business very soon, or the amorphous ones, what would 
be the margin for each of these business? Expected margin? 
Nilesh Patel: Radiator margin is around 3% to 4% more than the CRGO margin. 
Miten Shah: And for the amorphous1.4.4 ? 
Nilesh Patel: It's similar to CRGO. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Nilesh Patel for closing comments. 
Nilesh Patel: Thank you all for being a part of our conference call and for actively participating in the call . 
We appreciate your support and trust in us. We hope we have been able to address most of your 
queries. In case of further queries, you may reach out to our investor relation advisor, Stellar 
Investor Relations. Thank you, have a good day. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Vilas Transcore Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 