# SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/SANSERA-Concall_Aug_2026_Transcript.pdf
# PAGES: 19


===== PAGE 1 =====
 
SANSERA ENGINEERING LIMITED 
Reg Off: Plant 7, No. 143/A, Jigani Link Road, Bangalore-560 105, India, Tel: +91 80-27839081/82/83.  Fax: +91 80-27839309 
E-mail id: info@sansera.in Website: www.sansera.in CIN: L34103KA1981PLC004542 
 
 
 
August 20, 2026 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd  The Department of Corporate Services 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G   BSE Limited,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex     P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400051     Mumbai 400001 
 
Scrip Symbol: SANSERA    Scrip Code: 543358 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam 
Subject: Transcript of Earning group conference call  
 
Please find attached transcript of Earning group conference call which was held on August 13, 
2026 on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The above transcript will also be made available on the website of our Company at 
www.sansera.in. 
 
 
We request you to take the same on your records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
for Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rajesh Kumar Modi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encls: a/a 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Sansera Engineering Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2026 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on August 13, 2026, will prevail. 
 
 
 
                        
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. B.R. PREETHAM – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SANSERA 
ENGINEERING LIMITED 
 MR. HARI KRISHNAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ADS DIVISION -- 
SANSERA ENGINEERING LIMITED 
 MR. VIKAS GOEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  – 
SANSERA ENGINEERING LIMITED 
 MR. RAHUL KALE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER -- 
AUTOMOTIVE DIVISION – SANSERA ENGINEERING 
LIMITED 
  
 
 
 
 


===== PAGE 3 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Sansera Engineering Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, a brief disclaimer. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the belie fs, opinions, and 
expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees 
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. B. R. Preetham, Executive Director and Group CEO. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
B. R. Preetham: Thank you. Good morning and welcome, everyone. On this call, I am joined by our CFO, Mr. 
Vikas Goel, our CEO of ADS Division, and our newly appointed Executive Director, Mr. Hari 
Krishnan, CEO of our Automotive Division, Mr. Rahul Kale, and our Investor Re lation 
Advisors, SGA. The results and the presentations have been uploaded on the stock exchange 
and the company websites. I hope everyone has had a chance to review them. 
 We started FY2 7 on a very strong note, delivering our highest -ever quarterly revenue while 
maintaining healthy profitability. Our quarterly revenues crossed INR10,000 million milestone, 
reaching INR10,213 million, representing a year -on-year growth of 33%. EBITDA and PA T 
margins remained resilient at 19.2% and 8.6% respectively. That said, amidst a challenging 
geopolitical environment with significant cost inflation, Sansera was able to maintain its 
profitability and deliver double-digit sales growth across segments. 
 Let me take a minute to talk about the broader industry trends that impacted us. On the domestic 
auto side, our OEM customers across the board are talking about hyper -growth, high vehicle 
volumes, and continued consolidation of supply chain, better capital ized, more capable 
suppliers. Our passenger vehicle exposure has historically been roughly balanced between 
domestic and export markets. 
 While exports saw some moderation in the last year, in this year, we are seeing some traction in 
our international business getting back to a normal growth trajectory. A positive trend in the 
industry, alongside the rising tide of outsourcing, creates a st rong foundation for sustained 
growth in our auto business on both domestic and export sides. 
 Now looking into our segmental performance. The performance was broad-based across all the 
key segments. The non-auto segment delivered its highest -ever quarterly sales of INR1,998 
million, registering an impressive 129.9% year -on-year growth. As a result,  its contribution 
increased to 20.8% of our overall sales. 
 Within the non-auto segment, our ADS business remained the primary growth driver. The 
revenue increasing by more than three times year-on-year and standing at INR1,454 million. 

===== PAGE 4 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 Moving to our Auto Tech-Agnostic and xEV business, the segment achieved its highest -ever 
quarterly sales of INR1,316 million, growing at 22.2% year-on-year, reflecting accelerated EV 
adoption, especially in two-wheelers. 
 Our Auto ICE segment also delivered a healthy 20.8% year-on-year growth on a high base and 
stood at INR6,275 million. During the quarter, we recorded our highest -ever quarterly 
performance across passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, and scooters. With this, we expect 
to end FY2 7 with high-teens top -line growth with continuous focus on improving margin 
profile. 
 Now, I would like to give you some updates on our order book. Our customers for ADS segment, 
especially aerospace and SEM, which is semicon equipment manufacturers, have very tall 
outsourcing targets from India’s perspective, which is reflective in our gr owing order book 
position. 
 Our cumulative unexecuted lifetime order book for five years, especially for ADS business, 
stood at INR44.4 billion as of quarter end. Further, we have received few more orders in this 
segment in the current quarter, Q2, which have pushed our ADS order bac klog to around 
INR57.5 billion currently. These orders are executable in next five years. 
 As explained to you previously, these orders are structurally different from our overall order 
book, which we give as peak annual revenues for the new business instead of total cumulative 
backlog. To avoid duplication, we have removed the value of ADS busi ness from the standard 
order book numbers for the rest of the businesses. 
 Therefore, as of June 2026, our peak annual revenue of our new business ex of ADS stood at 
INR18.5 billion. We are gearing up to capture this immense opportunity ahead with our capex 
plans across different plants on both Auto and ADS  sides. 
 Looking specifically on a few of the capex projects on the ADS  side first. Recently, we have 
inaugurated a surface treatment facility next to our ADS plant. We are in the process of 
obtaining NADCAP validation for this. 
 Surface treatment is a defining capability that allows us to complete the production within the 
single facility. This is in line with Sansera’s history of backward integration. So as we enter 
larger and more complex structural paths in this segment, having this process in-house will give 
us better speed, quality control, and reduced external dependency. 
 We are in the process of relocating our defense business to a dedicated facility separate from 
the rest of ADS to provide it with focused infrastructure and enhanced operational execution. 
This, we believe, is going to be helpful in tapping very huge opportunities in the defense sector, 
both domestic as well as exports. 
 Lastly, we are building a new 80,000 square foot hangar for the aero and SEM business. Lines 
will get installed and validated by our customers in this hangar in the coming quarters. 

===== PAGE 5 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 Turning to our growth roadmap in the auto segment, at Pantnagar, which is our Plant 6 and our 
Manesar facility Plant 4, we are setting up additional forging and machining capabilities, mainly 
for crankshafts for both two-wheeler and passenger vehicle OEMs,  connecting rods for the 
passenger vehicle OEMs. 
 At Bangalore Plant 2, we are augmenting machining capacity with a clear focus on Auto Tech-
Agnostic and xEV components. This will be complemented by our Sansera -Nichidai joint 
venture, which deepens our presence in the cold and warm forged precision components. The 
project that I mentioned on both ADS and auto sites will come on stream beginning of Q3 FY27 
onwards, and we will get it completed within a year from now. 
 The shift towards non-ICE is gaining strong momentum and is progressing well ahead as 
planned. With our capex investments coming on stream, we expect the contribution from these 
businesses to scale up meaningfully and become an increasingly important driver of our growth 
and mix. We believe this is the only beginning of a significant new growth leg for our business 
with the benefit of this transition becoming increasingly visible over the coming years. 
 With this, I would like to hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Vikas Goel. 
Mr Vikas Goel: Thank you, Preetham. Good morning, everyone. Let me now take you through our consolidated 
financial performance for the first quarter of FY27. For Q1 FY27, our consolidated performance 
reflected strong operating execution with revenue momentum translating into improved 
profitability and a stronger margin profile. 
 Within ADS, reported revenue of INR1,454 million includes product sales, scrap sales and 
tooling income. Prior period figures have been restated for a like-to-like comparison with details 
provided on Slide number 7 of the investor presentation. 
 Margin expansion was supported by operating leverage, disciplined cost absorption and a more 
favorable product mix, which together helped offset inflationary pressures during the quarter. 
Operating expenses increased in absolute terms as the revenue scaled and included a provision 
of INR126 million for U.S. import duty tariff incurred in the previous year. These amounts 
remain recoverable as we speak and efforts are on to continue on the process of recovering them. 
However, a provision was made based on the recovery risk assessment, while we continue to 
pursue the recovery. 
 EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR1,961 million, reflecting strong year -on-year growth of 
48%. Profitability also improved with EBITDA margin expanding by around 200 basis points 
to 19.2% compared with 17.2% in the same quarter previous year. The quarter included an 
exceptional charge of INR169 million towards settlement of a litigation matter in the U.S. 
District Court. The matter was disclosed in our 2021 prospectus and the settlement was 
completed without any admission of liability. The EBITDA numbers t hat I spoke earlier is 
excluding these exceptional items. 
 Other income stood at INR134 million for the quarter, up around 15% year -on-year, primarily 
driven by higher forex gains during this period. Profit after-tax at INR874 million, up 39% year-
on-year with PAT margins improving to 8.6%. Excluding the exceptio nal item mentioned 

===== PAGE 6 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
before and adjusting for this post -tax impact of INR127 million, PAT for the quarter was at 
INR1,000 million. 
 Our capex program will continue to be phased in line with customer validations, order visibility 
and expected utilization. We remain focused on ensuring that new investments meet our internal 
return threshold and support profitable and sustainable growth. 
 From a balance sheet perspective, our focus remains on maintaining financial discipline with 
funding growth  led capex. We continue to monitor working capital closely, particularly 
receivables and inventory to ensure that growth is supported by healthy cash conversion. 
 Overall, we remain confident about the medium-term growth outlook, supported by a diversified 
order pipeline, new capacity coming on stream and continuing to focus on margin, working 
capital and capital efficiency. 
 With this, we conclude our opening remarks and open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura Group. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity.  And congrats on a great set of numbers. Sir, first 
question is on the ADS side. I think in the presentation, it is mentioned that the order book is 
close to INR45 billion, but you mentioned that it has gone up to INR57 billion in the current 
quarter. So am I sort of reading it correctly? 
 And if you can just talk about the incremental orders, is it from the existing customers or from 
any new customer if you have added? And now with this order book, where do you see this 
segment revenues in the next three, four years? So that will be the first question. 
Mr. B. R. Preetham: Thank you, Siddhartha. I'll start answering and probably Hari will take it forward. Yes, see, the 
normal course of business, we would not have mentioned this. But since this is one big order, 
and this is from semicon equipment manufacturer, and this is pertaining to a very significant -- 
this is also quite a significant milestone for us because this would propel us to almost close to 
$75 million worth of annual business from this customer. So we thought that it is appropriate to 
mention this order. 
 So on a five -year basis, this would approximately translate to about INR1,250 crores. That is 
what we have said that from INR44 billion, it is going up to INR56 billion or INR57 billion. So 
otherwise, on a normal course of business, we keep getting very st rong momentum from both 
aerospace and Sem. So Hari can add. Hari? 
 MR. HARI KRISHNAN: Yes, Siddhartha. Good morning. This is from our existing customer. It is from the semicon 
space. And as Preetham said, this is a win which happened post our normal cutoff date, which 
is 1st of July. This happened in the last couple of weeks. So we are very, very bullish. 
 And the business with the customer, as Preetham said, with this will reach about $75 million or 
roundabouts the engagement with this customer alone. And we are working very actively to 

===== PAGE 7 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
address further RFQs on the table in the same space as well as the aerospace division. So right 
now it is INR5,700 crores executable by FY 2031. 
Siddharth Bera: Got it, sir. And second question is on the export side. We also did see a very strong traction. I 
would assume that even outside the non-auto business, some of the ICE business also seems to 
be picking up quite sharply. Can you sort of talk about some trends, both globally and 
domestically, on the ICE side? What is driving this growth, and how sustainable do you see the 
growth momentum to be in the next few years? 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: Yes, we saw a very healthy growth even in the off -road segment. We saw some good growth 
coming from passenger vehicle segment in exports. Everybody is aware of the fact that the 
domestic two-wheeler industry and domestic passenger vehicle industry continues to surprise 
everyone. It is not only in quarter 1, we are seeing much stronger demand extending in quarter 
2 as well. 
 And we expect that since the festive season is distributed between quarter 2 and quarter 3, I 
think even the quarter 3 momentum, we see there is a strong demand. In fact, the demand is so 
strong that there is a lot of stress on the supply chain, both on raw material from child part front. 
We see that there is a lot of capacity constraint and intervention from customers are helping us 
to get this material in time. 
 But of course, when there is such huge demand coming from all the segments. There is a stress 
on supply chain and production. But I see a very strong demand visibility both in two-wheeler 
and passenger vehicle for at least next one and a half quarters, definitely. 
 And on exports, there is a good traction, both on passenger vehicle as well as premium two-
wheelers, off-road vehicles. So we have also commenced our deliveries into the energy segment 
to one of the key customers in North America. That should also start gi ving us sustained 
revenues from Q3. So overall, I see a very positive outlook going forward. 
 MR. HARI KRISHNAN: Yes. Just to add to what Preetham said, we have been talking last couple of years about a U.S. 
facility manufacturing connecting rods, which was the requirement of our OEM customers 
there. And we also have been updating you that we are now waiting for certainty to come back 
into the system because of all the tariff confusion. 
 While that status quo remains the same, we are seeing increased momentum from the customers 
to start sourcing more from Sansera, India, without really waiting for us to start our operations 
in the U.S. We can see that trend as a stop -gap arrangement, and that is also contributing to 
increased exports in our prime premium product. 
Siddharth Bera: Understood, sir. Sir, last question to Vikas, sir. When you talk about this INR129 million of 
impact, is it in the current EBITDA margins of 19.2%, or have you already excluded it from the 
other cost? If you can just clarify that. 
 Mr Vikas Goel: No, it is included there. It is considered as a cost. 
Siddharth Bera: Okay, got it. Okay, sir. Thanks a lot. I will come back in the queue. 

===== PAGE 8 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Hi. Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions. First question is just around the order 
book again on ADS. You mentioned close to INR57 billion as of quarter date. Just want to 
understand in terms of your capex planning and capacity expansion, you did mention that you 
are adding a service treatment capacity nearby. 
 There is a hangar also coming on stream over the next 12 to 18 months, and then you have in 
the past mentioned that you might look to do more greenfield there. Just want to understand a 
sense of what sort of asset turns you typically need to keep in mind before investing for 
incremental semicon capacity, and how that looks on aerospace as well, and does that have any 
implications for your annual capex plans over the next couple of years? 
 MR. HARI KRISHNAN Let me just try to answer this is Hari here, Chandramouli, in three buckets. One is capex. In this 
current situation we are in is a parallel activity, it is a continuous activity based on what you 
invest today with the lead time of machines being seven, eight, sometimes up to nine months. 
 So when you really cut off at a particular point and check on peak revenue potential versus 
assets invested for a particular program, the ADS asset turns are very comfortably between 2 to 
2.25 in that margin. And secondly, as far as infrastructure is conce rned, what we are speaking 
right now is a confirmed order book of INR5,700 crores to be executed by FY 2031. Not to say 
that is a number we target to really reach. Orders are being negotiated. Conversions are at an 
advanced stage. 
 We expect a lot of conversions to happen in Q2 and Q3. So keeping in mind the projected 
business, in addition to the 80,000 square feet hangar which Preetham spoke about, which is 
going to get commissioned in a month or two at the latest, we will start installing machines and 
commissioning and validating the lines with the customer’s approval. And also the special 
process coming on stream in maximum a month or two, because the approval process, as we are 
talking, certification process is underway. 
 We are also working on a build-to -suit facility not far from our existing place, which we hope 
to conclude discussions in August and have that facility ready in about 10 months’ time, and 
that would add a further 100,000 square foot to our manufacturing space. And the biggest 
advantage is, all this will be in a vicinity of 500 meters. 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: Just to sum up what Hari was saying, our existing facility with an extended hangar for aerospace 
and SEM should enable us to generate a revenue of between INR1,400-INR1,500 crores worth 
of capacity. Then we are also shifting our defense to have more focused approach on defense. 
So this should enable us to, over the next five years, create a capacity which can generate a 
revenue of about INR500 crores. 
 The new facility Hari just spoke about, which will add about 110,000 square foot would also be 
able to have a capacity which can generate another INR1,500 crores. So overall, by FY '31, our 
base plan as per the current visibility is to create a facility wh ich will -- through which we can 
generate a revenue of about INR3,500 crores. 

===== PAGE 9 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. That's helpful. My second question is just around some of the comments that I think have 
been highlighted in the presentation that you had uploaded. So 1Q top line growth for the 
company is north of 30% Y-o-Y. And you have sort of made a comment that you're looking to 
do high-teens top line growth in FY27. 
 If I just break it down sort of between ADS and the rest of the business, in FY2 6, I think ADS 
was in the ballpark of 10% of total company revenue. And if that's possibly doubling in FY2 7 
based on, I think, the guidance ranges that you've mentioned, that in itself possibly adds 10% to 
overall company top line. 
 So does that mean sort of the rest of the business, the non-ADS business, the remaining 90% of 
the business in FY26 will contribute in the ballpark of 7% or 8% kind of top line? But I think 
you're doing ahead of that run rate year -to-date. So I just wanted to understand that dynamic a 
little better, if the high-teens guidance for FY27 on top line is more sort of a baseline or if you 
expect some sort of moderation in the back half? 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: See no. Actually, this was a general -- at the beginning of the year when we did our business 
plan, this is what something that based on the projection from our customers, we thought that 
we will end up doing about mid-to-high teens, more towards high-teens overall growth. 
 But as you are very right, looking at the sustained momentum of the two-wheeler and pass car 
industry, especially domestic sustaining and also looking quite strong for the coming quarter -- 
in the current quarter and also towards the festive season, which will be into the third quarter as 
well. 
 I think, overall, if you see our non -ADS business, all other businesses put together, non-ADS 
business itself, we should be able to look at a mid -teen kind of growth easily. So that is 
something that we are working on. As the business is evolving and situation is looking at month-
on-month looks more possible that we will be doing more of mid -teens to high -teens kind of 
growth in our other businesses as well. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. So just to clarify, so if 90% of the business can do mid-teens that might be sort of a 12%, 
13% contributor in F '27 and then the remaining 10% possibly doubles, that again is a 10% 
contributor. So, it should be possible to do comfortably north of 20% if these trends sustain in 
'27? 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: I think if the business continues to grow the way that it is doing now, I think it is a good 
possibility that we should be looking at between high-teens to 20% as overall revenue. Yes. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it. I have no more questions. I will join back. Thank you very much, and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
Mukesh Saraf: Yes, sir. Good morning and thank you for the opportunity. My first question will be on the 
quarter itself. Can you kind of give some sense on how the material cost has played and how 

===== PAGE 10 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
your pricing pass -throughs have happened so far? And what we can expect, say, in the next 
couple of quarters in terms of pricing, et cetera? 
 Mr Vikas Goel: Yes. Vikas  here. So we have seen a material cost increase, not a very substantial increase. 
Primarily, it has happened in aluminum, a small portion of our total material consumption and 
also on some of the consumables where we've seen exceptionally high inflation, which ha s 
actually impacted us in the quarter. 
 As far as steel inflation is concerned, we see limited inflation, and we are engaging with our 
customers for the pass -through, which is currently in process, not yet translated. And that's 
where we stand right now. 
 We got some cushion with all of with all of the higher realization of our to do the forex 
movement. Some cushion or maybe short-term respite has come from that while we continue 
to engage with our customers for passing on material inflation, yet to materialize. 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: We have -- Yes, as Vikas said that we continue to engage with our customers for getting 
compensation out of tool and higher labor costs, which has impacted especially our Northern 
plants. So I think this is work under progress, but nothing of that has come into the balance sheet 
or P&L yet in the first quarter. 
Mukesh Saraf: Got it. Got it. So just in continuation with that, we've seen our gross margins expand in this 1Q 
vis-à-vis 4Q. So that's entirely a mix impact that means because we haven't got any pass -
throughs anyways. 
 Mr Vikas Goel: No, no. It's a mix plus the forex, both, because of the... 
Mukesh Saraf: forex as well. Okay. Got it. And second question, again, on your ICE expansion itself. We had 
spoken about Pantnagar Plant 16 and then you're expanding Plant 6 there and now Manesar 
Plant 4. 
 I mean, could you give some sense, is this because of OEMs expanding their capacity and you're 
getting commensurate kind of a wallet share there? Or are you kind of seeing an increase in 
market share and hence you're expanding these crankshaft machining facilities, et cetera? It 
would be interesting to see how ICE business itself could do for you in the next couple of years 
with the way you're expanding capacities. 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: Yes, I'll just answer then Rahul will take it forward. Basically, this is definitely a result of higher 
outsourcing opportunity in two- wheeler OEMs who are looking at outsourcing crankshaft 
facilities. So that is something that we are focused on. 
 And second thing is that because that is one of our -- we have been doing crankshaft assembly, 
both crankshafts, connecting rods right from forging. So it is some expertise that we have 
developed. But on passenger vehicle as well, we have got some very strong indications of 
capacity expansion. I'll just hand it over to Rahul, who will explain probably in a little more in 
detail on Pantnagar and Manesar. 

===== PAGE 11 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Rahul Kale:  On Pantnagar facility, as we informed earlier, we are expanding a special plant. 
Rahul Kale: A crankshaft facility, which is a fully automated facility, especially for two -wheelers. This is 
mainly because of substantial increase in demand from a couple of customers, which are south-
based two-wheeler manufacturers. We also, like Preetham said, we have opportunities of OEM 
outsourcing, which is coming to us. This is mainly dominated by crankshafts in north facilities, 
but crankshafts are demanding for conrods also, which are being manufactured in Bangalore 
facilities. 
 Of course, four-wheeler Maruti volumes and all OEMs are pushing us for increasing demanding 
for these. I mean, it is not only machining, we are expanding forging facility also in Pantnagar 
and all secondary operations, heat treatment. So, all along in Auto ICE also, we are expanding 
both, predominantly today in Northern plants, but as a consequence of crankshaft going up, 
connecting rods in Bangalore facilities. So, Preetham mentioned in initial talk that we are 
building new multi-story kind of building in Plant 2 also. That is also a part of this expansion. 
Mukesh Saraf: Got it. Just lastly, did you give an updated capex number for the company this year? With this 
expansion, maybe new order book, et cetera? 
 Mr Vikas Goel: We have not. As I said, we gave an overall plan during last quarter for this year, but then we 
have not updated that number as of now. As we said, the new 
Mukesh Saraf: Sure. 
 Mr Vikas Goel: That we see, we continue to evaluate our capex plans. 
Mukesh Saraf: Got it. Thanks a lot. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre: Sir, my questions have been answered. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shashank Kanodia from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Shashank Kanodia: Yes. Thank you, team, and congratulations for a superlative performance. On the top-line front, 
given the fact we have an executable order book in previous time frame in non-ADS business, 
and our ADS business doubling this year will be doubling over the next two years. Will it be 
prudent to assume that we could be growing in excess of 20% of top line over FY26 to '29? 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: I can only answer to the current years, which I said that we will be very close to high-teens  to 
20%, considering our growth, which will be about 75%-80% in ADS. There is a momentum on 
this. We expect that the customer engagement, what we have and their indications for capacity, 
because we have been engaged with most of the large OEMs to talk about, because since Sansera 
is a fully integrated facility and any expansion, especially in Auto, any expansion on our forging 
and heat treatment and all such facilities will take anywhere between 18 to 24 months. 

===== PAGE 12 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 So we need to have a kind of two-year view from the customers if we have to expand 
meaningfully. So we are engaged, and we are putting our plans in place. Really it’s too early for 
me to say whether for the next two, three years, we will do 20% plus, but t hen we expect that 
there is this strong momentum to continue. 
Shashank Kanodia: But sir, on the base order book, our execution timeline remains that it will achieve this order 
book in next three years as a peak revenue, right? So that understanding remains unchanged? 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: Yes, that understanding remains unchanged. 
Shashank Kanodia: Okay. Secondly, sir, on the margins front, adjusting for the provision that we have done for this 
quarter, as adjusted margins is 20.4%, and our endeavor has been to attain a 20% mark. So now 
how do we see the margin trajectory given the increasing share o f ADS as a segment? Is 20% 
to 25% a new benchmark that we will be targeting internally, or is it a 20% range is something 
that we are comfortable with? 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: No, I think this quarter could be slightly more elevated, because we have had almost 40% 
revenue coming from international revenue, and we have had very strong mix advantage, 
currency advantage and all that. But otherwise, we have maintained in the beginning of our year 
that last year, our overall margin was 18.1%, and we would be more happier that if we are able 
to inch towards 19%. 
 While the first quarter has been very strong, I don’t want to give some number. While we are 
very aspirational, we are working towards achieving our 20-20-20 targets. I would still maintain 
that whatever I have given guidance in the beginning of the year, we would like to achieve it, 
slightly maybe overachieve it. 
 Mr Vikas Goel: I would just like to add this. Our endeavor is to sustain this margin level and focus on growth 
while we sustain the margin. That’s the philosophy that we are working with. 
Shashank Kanodia: Yes. Sir, will it be possible for you to share what is the differential margins that you earn for 
ADS? As in, base business is earning 17%, 18% margin. What could ADS as a segment be 
earning? 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: No. See, our exports business and ADS business definitely comes with a higher margin profile 
compared to our domestic business. Last time also, during our commentary, we said that we are 
targeting or we are operating between 25% to 30% EBITDA margins in both these sectors. I 
would say that as we improve our capacity utilization, the numbers would be more towards 
higher north of high -20s. I don’t want to put a figure into it, but then definitely this would be 
between 25% and 30% margins. 
Shashank Kanodia: Thank you, sir, and wish you all the best. 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suraj Malu from Catamaran. Please go ahead. 

===== PAGE 13 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Suraj Malu: Thank you very much, sir, for this opportunity. Sir, I have two questions. Firstly, in the 
motorcycle segment, if we see the revenue growth is in the range of 7% to 10% year -on-year 
for the last three quarters, whereas the industry volume for motorcycles has been 17%, 18%. So 
can you help reconcile these numbers? Like have you lost wallet share with any of the 
customers, or how has it been? 
 The second question is, on the passenger vehicle segment, are we still maintaining our same 
wallet share with Maruti or that has reduced? 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: No, we have not lost any wallet share with any of the  customers. We have been increasing it 
both with TVS as well as with Yamaha and Suzuki. So I do not see any reason why. While you 
compare the industry on numbers, our representation is on revenue. There could be some gap 
between that, but otherwise, we have been doing well, and we have grown well. Exactly, I will 
have to check what is our motorcycle numbers. But then, we have not lost anything. In fact, we 
have gained the market share. 
 Second thing is, in terms of Maruti, we have been gaining market share. In fact, the projections 
also, they remain one of our top customers in terms of our engagement. Even for the next couple 
of years, we see a very strong momentum from them. From the com ponents that we are 
supplying to them, almost 75% of volumes are supplied by us to them. 
 Yes. In our this thing our motorcycle business probably has grown by about 12.5%. These are 
our numbers. We can have an offline chat and we can see. 
Suraj Malu: Sure, sir. Thank you very much. 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: Yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Yes. Thanks, sir, for the opportunity, and congrats on the result and the new order wins in the 
ADS segment, sir. Just firstly, sir, just on the defense side, what will be your approach towards 
this opportunity? How much capex we plan to put for this new plant? How will be the timeline 
for this plant? Generally, sir, what kind of a business opportunity we see, whether it is forging, 
machining, it will be more like a Tier 1 or Tier 2 player? If you can give some more sense on 
this opportunity, sir. 
 MR. HARI KRISHNAN Okay. Let me just lay out what we actually do and aspire to do in the defense sector. Our offering 
today is precision machined components for applications in defense areas. We supply to small 
batch quantities to ISRO, HAL. We do a bit of exports to companies in Israel. But now we want 
to up our game to the next level. We are now looking at closing some large order wins in the 
defense space for customers outside India, mainly in Europe. That is our conversation. And 
along with that, we are also sure and very clear that we are going to get into sheet metal as an 
additional offering. 

===== PAGE 14 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 Now that can be for both defense and for aerospace, because we strongly believe that with sheet 
metal capability, our RFQ packages will tilt hugely in our favor, surely by our ability to address 
more components, which today we are just letting it go. With the in -house special process 
facility what we have, I think this will translate into significant advantage as far as how 
customers will view us. 
 So, our new defense facility, which we are talking about, is going to increase our offerings in 
the machining space to more number of customers and also will pave the way for our entry into 
sheet metal, first through defense, which will be also used for aerospace applications. We expect 
to make a significant headway in the financial year as far as facility creation and order wins 
scores. We will keep you updated and posted. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Got it, sir. Great to hear this, sir. Secondly, in this quarter, I could see new order wins have been 
added around INR88 crore in PV -CV, and INR75 crore in two -wheeler. Can you share more 
what are these new order wins in this quarter? 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: No, it is a normal course of business. I do not think we have details. This is just that we have so 
many -- 87 customers, and we are engaged with a lot of them, and these are on a normal course 
of business order wins. I don’t see -- except that we mentioned about ADS, where we got some 
very big order from SEM. Otherwise, these are normal course of business. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Got it, sir. And sir, on the SEM order, the new order win, I just want to understand how will be 
the timeline for the execution of this INR1200 billion (Wrongly said, please read it as INR 1200 
Crore), sir? 
 MR. HARI KRISHNAN: It’s like this, that in our business of machining, especially ultra -high precision machining, the 
significant or the defining lead time is the arrival of the mother machine. Taking that into 
account, we would start seeing revenues in this new order, signif icant revenues, calendar year 
2027, and it will peak calendar year 2029. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Got it, sir. Thank you. Thank you so much for the answer, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varinder Bansal from Omkara Capital Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Varinder Bansal: Thank you everyone for giving me the chance. My simple questions are that in the last con call, 
sir, I think you mentioned that the revenue could go to INR8,000 crore to INR9,000 crore the 
next two to four years. Do we stand on that, or do we increase that? 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: No, two to four years -- two years -- two to four years? No, no. We haven’t spoken about two 
to four years. Probably by end of decade is what we said that we will have an opportunity to 
look at overall revenue of about INR8,000 crore to INR 9,000 crore. That is what is the plan 
with which we are working on, to create facilities worth to address that market. We still are very 
optimistic that the numbers that we are looking at is quite possible to be achieved. 
 Of course, this would be primarily also driven by our non-auto business, which is ADS. We also 
have significant outsourcing opportunities, especially in the export market, in the auto segment, 

===== PAGE 15 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
both in EV as well as on ICE hybrid platforms. All this put together, there are opportunities 
where we should be looking at this kind of numbers by end of the decade, say FY 2031. 
Varinder Bansal: Okay, got it. My second question, the last question is that we are already achieving some 
INR600 crore sales as a run rate from the ADS segment, and unexecutable order book, as you 
mentioned, around INR5,700 crores. We can safely say that this number could go to INR1,500 
crores going ahead next year or not? Second question is, with all the capacities what we are 
putting and intend to put, no capital raising is required? 
 MR. HARI KRISHNAN: First point, it is not going to go to INR1,500 crore revenue next year. There will be a progression 
and depending on the commissioning --  as I said, at this point of time, INR5,700 crores is 
mandatorily executable or has to be executed by FY 2031. There wi ll be, without doubt, a 
significant ramp, but going to INR1,500 crore next year is not as per our plan. 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: And the second thing is that, look, there is a process of validation, machine commissioning, all 
these things. While there are orders, there are opportunities, there is facility that is being created. 
Since the nature of components that we are into require s kind of lead time in development and 
validation, it will take time. 
 We expect that we will continue to have a similar momentum in our execution in the next year 
as well. The exact numbers we will be able to give you a guidance towards the end of this year, 
depending upon the status of our plan, the status of validation, so many other factors. I think we 
will be very close towards the end of this year. 
 As far as our fund requirement are concerned, currently, we keep monitoring our cash flows and 
we don’t think at this moment it is necessary for us to look at any additional fundraise. We are 
quite happy with our cash flows, and we are able to fund our thi ng. Having said that, we are 
also looking at some good opportunities that potentially can come, and we will keep monitoring 
the situation on a month-on and a quarter-on-quarter basis and take an appropriate decision if at 
all we need to look at a fundraise at some point of time. 
 Mr Vikas Goel: Yes. In the meantime, our balance sheet is strong enough to fund any of these investments 
through leveraging, which is currently at a very low level. 
Varinder Bansal: So everything that we do, sir, it will be organic, right? We are not going ahead any point of 
time. 
 Mr Vikas Goel: No, inorganic plans are there. 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: No, no. See… 
Varinder Bansal: No inorganic, right? 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: See, the current projections and business updates that we have given, all that is considering only 
organic growth. But we are quite -- we keep our ears and eyes open for the opportunities that 
we keep getting across the segments, especially in non -auto. And that interests us. We keep 
looking at it. And if anything appropriate comes our way, we will definitely have a look at it. 

===== PAGE 16 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Varinder Bansal: If I may put last question, sir, we have beautifully pivoted our business model from a forging 
company to ADS. Is there anything else --  I know our plates are already very, very full. But is 
there any other segment which you foresee could be another area where Sansera could focus in 
the next 2, 3, 4 years? 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: We have already said that non -automotive is one of our prime focus and non -automotive 
includes -- not limited to [Technical Difficulty] 
Moderator: Mr. Varinder, you can go ahead with your last question, please.  
Varinder Bansal: Thank you so much. I was just asking about new opportunities apart from the ADS that we are 
exploring in the next 2 to 4 or 5 years. 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: You didn't hear whatever I said. I kept on talking. Sorry. 
Varinder Bansal: I'm sorry. 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: So there is a lot of growth prospects that we are looking at non-ADS, could be in aerospace and 
SEM, but in industrial, in power sector, see, power is something that we are very interested, 
both in transmission as well as storage. And we also think, going forward, humanoids, like a 
few of our peers have already said that it's going to be a big opportunity. So we will keep on 
working on how to get into that segment. So these are some of the segments we are interested 
and keenly looking at how to expand our presence there. 
Varinder Bansal: Thank you, sir. All the best. A very proud shareholder. Thank you. 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sridhar Kalyani from Antique Stock Broking. 
Sridhar Kalyani: Thank you for the opportunity.  Sir, congratulations on a great set of numbers. Most of my 
questions have been answered. Just wanted to understand, like you mentioned in your opening 
remarks about large and more complex precision components that you are looking to enter into. 
So which system or subsystems are we exactly targeting? 
 And like in --  as per our earlier conference calls, you did mention about turbine blisks that 
Sansera has entered into. So any progress on that front? Have we received any order or any 
confirmation that could be expected in the near term? That's my first question. 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: Yes. I'll just leave it to Hari to answer to this. 
 MR. HARI KRISHNAN: Yes. I think in the last earnings call, we announced that we had just about bagged this very 
prestigious order to work on a blisk opportunity. The update what I have today is that we have 
made significant progress getting ready to start the machining. Ther e were a lot of other 
activities involved. So we are now making progress within the allowed stipulated time line, and 
we should have our -- the first samples ready for the customer in a month's time from now. 

===== PAGE 17 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: And to add to Hari's, this thing, yes, we --  since -- we have now commissioned a facility of 
large-size, special process, which can accommodate up to 4-meter components. And we already 
had the machining facility for that. So we have 5-axis machining capabilities, multi-5-axis, like 
when I say 5-axis, there are several ways of 5 -axis machining that one can do. If people have 
visited our facilities, you will know that we have 10 or so different types of 5-axis machining. 
 So for us, now we are looking at more and more semi -- in both SEM and aerospace, more 
complex parts like parts related to door assemblies, fuselage, a lot of structural parts, seating 
elements. So there are several of such opportunities that are now there, which we are working 
on, which also means that we are moving up the value chain in the system. So with the new 
facility that we will probably hope to get a NADCAP and customer approvals for this special 
process within this quarter. So that will also not only add capability, but will also cut the lead 
time for development and supplies, and also will be margin accretive for us. 
Sridhar Kalyani: Got it. And second, sir, with respect to the Sweden business... 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Kalyani. May we request you return to the question queue for a follow -
up question? 
Sridhar Kalyani: Okay. All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Antifragile Thinking. Please 
go ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: Yes. Hi. Thanks. So two questions, please. First is, as you move from one complex program to 
another, how much of the learning is reusable rather than having to solve each problem or each 
program largely on its own? 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: Yes. No. See, when we say that in -- especially in automotive, it is progressive learning. I don't 
see -- we keep using the knowledge of each of the crankshaft connecting rod that we make and 
that gets expanded into this thing. But in ADS, it is slightly different because the nature of 
products that we do -- deal with every package will be different.  
 But having said that, overall, conceptually, when we say that, like, look, today Hari spoke about 
a blisk that we are trying to develop, and there is a lot of knowledge gain that happens in that 
kind of machining. 
 We are also now machining. We have been given an opportunity to machine a monocrystalline 
kind of components where there is a huge learning that we are getting from trying to machine 
this. This is something that we have never done before because this is one single crystal, which 
is expanded and it does not have -- so this is something that we have learned new. So 
conceptually, when we do such components, there is a lot of learning which gets expanded. So 
it's definitely transferable from one package to another package. 
Sajal Kapoor: Perfect. Perfect, sir. And second is, you know, when you have a choice between putting the next 
rupee into the existing business and funding the next ADS or non-ICE opportunity, what makes 
you kind of say, yes, to one opportunity and no to the other?  

===== PAGE 18 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: The return ratios and the strategy of long-term strategy. So these two are some of the things that 
we keep in mind when we decide upon where to put the money into. First of all, it should fall 
into our -- we have a committee which will recommend and go through each of these quotations 
when we decide and quote. So the return ratios are very important.  
 But having said that, the nature of business and the future prospects of the business will take a 
precedence over the return ratio if there is a challenge in the return ratio. But generally, that is 
something that we keep it in mind when we decide. And having said that, when aerospace and 
defense and semicon are posting us a large opportunity, but please understand we are growing 
on a very large base of automotive.  
 We are still growing healthy -- in healthy double digits. So -- which means that we are still able 
to generate a lot of interest and this thing from our customers. So all these things is translating 
into a strong order book.  
Sajal Kapoor: Thank you so much, sir. Thank you. That’s all.  
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anirudh Shetty from Solidarity Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead.  
Anirudh Shetty: Hi. Thank you for the opportunity and just many congratulations to the team over a very 
consistently good performance over time. We are very happy shareholders. My question -- I 
have two questions. So the first question is our aspiration, you know, ADS segment is growing. 
We're seeing a lot of tailwind. Our aspiration is to get it to INR1,300 crores by 2030. 
 My question is, what are some of the risks over here and particularly around -- in the past, we 
have seen one of our customers going through a bit of a hiccup period. So going forward in the 
ADS segment, what do you think could go wrong, which could, you k now, push this growth 
target more into the future? And are there any significant products that you feel might go end 
of life in the foreseeable future? So that was the first question.  
 MR. HARI KRISHNAN: If you just bifurcate the ADS into mainly today aerospace and semicon, in the aerospace today, 
significantly, we see much lesser risk. The ultimate two customers are Boeing and Airbus. We 
are getting into increasing number of programs. The aircraft order b acklogs are increasing as 
we are talking month -on-month. So risk per se God forbid, something catastrophic like what 
happened to Boeing about 6 years ago. If nothing of that kind happens, I think we are on a good 
wicket in aerospace.  
 In the semicon industry, as everybody is well aware, the current boom is largely significantly 
driven by the AI demand. AI demand, data centers resulting in a massive surge in demand for 
chips, which in turn translates into demand for the equipment supplie rs, which is our primary 
market.  
 So the immediate feedback from the industry, and we are also constantly in touch with our 
customer, understanding demand pattern forecasting, it looks like they are very, very busy or 

===== PAGE 19 =====
 Sansera Engineering Limited 
  August 13, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
they see themselves not able to meet demand until FY29, FY '30. So that is the short -term and 
the immediate forecast for the future.  So I think the risks for semicon is what I laid out. 
Aerospace is much lesser of a risk. And I think that could -- I don't know whether it answers 
your question.  
Anirudh Shetty: Very helpful. And just to be clear, there are no component products that you are supplying 
today, which are large, which over the next few years, you know, might just hit end of life or 
anything, which needs to be substituted? 
 MR. HARI KRISHNAN: No, we are not today in production of anything where a significant portion is going to come to 
end of life in the ADS business. 
Anirudh Shetty: Got it. And just one final question is the defense segment wherein now there's a lot of new 
confidence, you've explained why. 
 MR. HARI KRISHNAN: Yes. 
Anirudh Shetty: So this INR500 crores sales, is that part of the vision of what you all want to achieve by 2031? 
You know, that INR8,000 crores to INR9,000 crores, is this a part of that? Or this could be like 
an upside to that number? 
 MR. HARI KRISHNAN: No, everything is a part of what we speak. We don't really break it down. So when we say the 
forecast for revenues today is INR5,700 crores, pending orders, confirmed backlog by FY '31, 
that includes aerospace, semicon and defense. And going forward, any future wins in this 
business will add to t he INR 5,700 crores bucket, and it's all put together when we talk about 
that number. 
Anirudh Shetty: Perfect. Thank you so much taking my questions.  
Management: Thank you. Thank you.  
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for the day. And now 
I would like to hand over the conference to the management for closing comments. 
 Mr. B. R. Preetham: Thank you very much. And we are sorry for the inconvenience that we had to -- I mean, we just 
got disconnected. But we thank all of you for your patience and confidence in us. And with a 
very positive outlook, we expect that the coming quarters would be much stronger compared to 
this quarter. 
 We would put our best efforts to make sure that we live up to the expectation, both in auto as 
well as ADS segment. With that, we also invite you whenever we -- probably by towards 
October when we have our new hangar ready and full operational facility of the special process, 
please do visit us, and we will be able to demonstrate new we have done. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Sansera Engineering Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 