=== A1 EXTRACTION HEADER ===
source_filename: concall_aeroflex_q1fy27.txt (transcript supplied as plain text)
doctype: concall
page_count_pdfinfo: N.A. (text transcript, not PDF)
formfeed_count: N.A.
unit_convention: Rs Crores (revenue/PAT) ; skid value in Rs Cr ; skid ASP in Rs (absolute)
conversion_factor_to_cr: Crores -> x1
ocr_pages: none (native text; saved verbatim, no paraphrase)
page_coverage: 100% (full transcript: 1 operator open + 1 MD opening + 14 analyst Q&A turns + closing)
detected_quarter: Q1 FY27 (quarter ended June 30, 2026)
extraction_date: 2026-07-29
transcript_quality_note: speech-to-text artifacts present (e.g. "luggages"=linkages/exports, "SSN/SFK/SFM"=SFN, "skates/kids/ski/skil/skit"=skids, "IBTA/ebit"=EBITDA, "fat margin"=PAT margin, "2,000"=6,000 base slip, "140"=1,040 units, "Punea/Koja/Chak"=Pune/Taloja/Chakan, "AGA"=SGA, "Motiveware"=Motivair, "Boyd", "Senior and Parker"=Senior plc & Parker Hannifin). Corrections shown in [square brackets]; original words preserved.
speakers: MD = Mr. Asad Daud (Managing Director) answered ALL questions. No CFO or other named executive spoke on the recorded transcript.
=== END HEADER ===

SOURCE: Aeroflex Industries Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call transcript (supplied as plain text by operator, 2026). Saved verbatim, no paraphrase. Speaker attribution is inferred from operator introductions; words are unaltered. MD = Mr. Asad Daud, Managing Director.

[T00 OPERATOR - opening]
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Aeroflex Industries Limited Q1 FI27 Earnings Conference Hall. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listenon mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Minister Assad do managing director Aeroflex Industries Limited. Thank you and over to you sir.

[T01 MD - opening remarks]
Uh thank you so much. Good morning to everyone. I welcome you all to Aeroflex Industries Q1 FI27 earnings call. Joining us today are members of our senior management team along with representatives from strategic growth advisors, our investor relation partner. I hope that you have had the the opportunity to review our financial results and the investor presentation uh which is available on the stock exchanges and also on the company's website. Uh we are pleased to report our highest quarterly performance ever. Our consolidated revenue for Q1 FI27 stood at 145.97 crores which is an increase of 72.4% on a year-on-year basis. with growth coming in both from our core business as well as our emerging businesses. Uh our flexible host business grew 41% on aby basis and the assemblies and other value added products grew uh even at a faster pace. Revenue from uh SSN assembly reached 32.4 crores in this quarter uh which is contributing to approximately 23% of the total revenue. Uh these scale assemblies uh enable control circulation of the coolant uh across the entire cooling systems in the data centers and it is engineered to meet the stringent requirements with regards to reliability, pressure management and also leak prevention. This marks a major step in our company's evolution from being just a flexible hole manufacturer to an integrated provider of advanced flow control and flow management. ment solutions for mission critical applications. Uh as part of our capital expenditure plan, we have expanded the capacity of scale assemblies from 6,000 uh units to 9,000 units perom and we further uh and and we have the plan to further increase it to 15,000 units perom uh based on the requirements from the from our customer and also the deployment timelines given by them. We also continue to in best in automation, advanced welding uh solutions and also precision manufacturing to help strengthen our our product quality and reliability. Uh on the flexible hoses vertical, we have planned to increase the production from 17 and 1.5 mm perom currently to 20 mm perom and it should be completed by Q3 of this financial year. Now talking about our financial performance for Q1, uh uh Total income stood at 145.97 crores which is uh an increase of 72.4% on a year-on-year basis. Our stood at 33 12 crores which is up by 116% on a year-on-year basis with margins expanding by 468 basis points uh as compared to the same quarter in last year to 23.04%. Our profit after tax stood at 18 79 crores which is up 162% on year-over-year basis and our fat margin currently stands at about very close to 13%. Which is an improvement of 440 basis point from last year same quarter. Our cash profit grew by uh more than 100% to 26 and a half to 26.64 crores with the cash profit margin improving by 278 basis. to 18.25%. Which reflects strong operating uh leverage and improved cash conversions uh and profitability across our various business verticles. Uh our exports grew by 43% on a year-on-year basis and the higher contribution from the domestic market in this quarter was primarily driven by the rapid scale up uh and and supply of the liquid cooling. solutions uh assemblies of the liquid cooling solutions. Uh looking ahead, we are confident uh in in the business model that we have in the products that we manufacture and the long-term momentum of our of our grow uh story which is built on a strong core business of uh flexible hoses and assemblies and the fast growing vertical of skid assemblies for data centers. Uh This gives us an opportunity to scale rapidly. Uh along with seeing the uh the growth coming in from the the opportunity that the AI infrastructure provides, we remain firmly focused on scaling uh all our business verticles including uh the liquid cooling business, expanding the capacity of scale assemblies and also for flexible hoses and hose assemblies, deepening our customer relationship. across our customers both in India and across the world advancing new product development and also undertaking uh automation and digitalization initiatives. I would like to thank uh our employees, our customers, our suppliers, our business partners and and all our shareholders for showing the continued support and trust to the company. Uh thank you and with that I conclude my remarks and we can now open the floor for questions.

[T02 OPERATOR - Q&A open]
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. [procedural]

[T03 ANALYST Q - unnamed - Europe exports]
Q: So my first question is I saw there was a spurt in luggages [linkages/exports] from Europe in this quarter. So could you please explain like where that was specifically found with segments?
[T03 MD A]: So we are seeing increased business coming in from both uh Europe and also in the USA market. From Europe it's a mixture of uh the business growth coming in from various countries which includes uh Italy uh Spain, uh France and also the UK. Uh and uh we are seeing the business uh you know across Europe coming in not only from the traditional industries but also we are supplying our flexible hoses to applications to data center applications in Europe as well.
Q: Okay sir. So we are exporting uh data center applications.
A: Yeah we are exporting our host assemblies the flexible hose assemblies. also for data center application in Europe.

[T04 ANALYST Q - Karan T, Aset Sima (Asset ?) - SFN competition]
Q: I had a question on S uh SP assembly segment. So whether domestic competitor was supplying the same products.
A: So uh scale assemblies right now we are among the few players who are into this space who are supplying. In terms of competition there is uh there are few people who just started to work on that but uh would be difficult to share the details of competitors because uh not much data is available in public forum you know with regards to that.
Q: What about international market? Who are the like uh peers who are supplying this product in international market?
A: So in international market there are companies uh in the US there are companies in in Europe who are manufacturing of uh you know these SFK SK assemblies. Plus also our competitors such as Senior and Parker are also into this uh they have also started with the this uh you know uh this business vertical. Uh so these are our our competitors internationally plus there are uh local players in the international market who are supplying and serving their uh their local industry uh like in the US and in Europe.

[T05 ANALYST Q - Raman, Sequent Investments - flexible hose utilization, peak revenue, margins, Hyd-Air/bellows revenue]
Q: on the flexible uh hose assembly part... What is our current utilization of of our uh current capacity in this segment? And once we are done with the uh capacity expansion... by Q3... What will be the peak revenue potential from this segment?
A: So currently we are operating at about uh between 65% capacity utilization right now 65 to 66% capacity utilization uh with the uh at the uh at the peak utilization and uh assuming That's 70% of the sales comes in from the assemblies. We are looking at a top line of anywhere between 650 to 675 crores.
Q: So you are basically saying we can do around 650 670 crores of revenue from flexible OS uh including the assembly part right?
A: Correct.
Q: about 2 years back... you were more towards like the margins... on the flexible uh assembly uh will improve and move towards 25%... during the current quarter what's our margin from this business itself and uh are we uh on the road to achieve that 25% margin in this business.
A: Yeah. So our idea is to achieve a 25% uh blended margin uh you know combined uh as a whole. So which includes all our products which includes the flexible hoses, the flexible hose assemblies, the bellows and also the skid assembly. So the target for the company overall is to achieve an IBTA [EBITDA] margin of 25% in the next few years and we are right now on track to to achieve that.
Q: I'm just talking about the flexible hose assembly part. Uh two years ago... your uh aim was uh to get 25% margin in the flexible hose... where are we at?
A: So, uh the the margins in the flexible host business depends on the product. So, when we sell the flexible hose just in the host form margins range between 16 to 20%. And when we uh you know sell the the assemblies the margins range anywhere between 22 to 26%. That's the range of the margins.
Q: can you give the blended uh split between how much are you selling as just a flexible hose part and how much are you selling at as a flexible hose press assembly?
A: that split is already there like I mentioned... in this quarter approximately 60 60 uh 66 to sorry 66% of the business uh was through uh I beg pardon 50 3% [53%] of the business was selling off the fittings and and assembly products and about 37% of the business was uh selling the flexible hose.
Q: So basically uh on a blended basis this is more towards uh 22 23% margin.
A: Turn right slightly [it turns out slightly higher] because of higher contribution from Yeah.
Q: can you also give us the revenue from uh Hydair and miniature metal bellows and metal bellows as well?
A: Yeah. So the revenue from hide air [Hyd-Air] in the last quarter was around uh 7 crores and uh the uh revenue from the metal bellows was about uh 3 crores in in this quarter in Q1.
Q: what about the miniature metal bellows which we were planning
A: miniature metal bellows is part of the metal bellows... and for metal bellows we are seeing uh increased business also... so we are expecting the next two quarters to be uh to see really an uptake in the sales for for the bellow's division
Q: do you have any capex plan for hydair? you said you will share it in in the uh next financial year.
A: Yeah. Uh uh we are in in the discussion for the same. We would you know announce it as soon as uh it is finalized.

[T06 ANALYST Q - Shobi Gupta, Trinetra Asset Managers - skid ASP decline, R&D]
Q: our average price for ski assembly has declined. Uh so what is driving this is coming from competition? what is driving this uh price decrease?
A: So uh you know each scale assembly uh you know for every data center and for Every floor of a data center has a different design. So based on the design of the skid assembly, the value of the skid assembly changes you know even in the same data center building uh the value of the skid assembly might change you know you know based on flow to floor [floor to floor]. So technically it is the the price has not declined because the the value per skid assembly is depends on the design of the skid assembly. So if the skid assembly has less number of uh you know for example piping the value will be definitely less and if the skid assembly has a longer piping it the value will be higher. So it's more of a tailor made product hence it's uh it's it's not the right way to see as the price per skid assembly because it varies you know vastly... we have supplied skates [skids] worth 1 lakh rupees also supplied skates worth 5 lakh rupees also you know obviously the material uh uh used for one lakh is is much [less] as compared to what the the piping used in you know in a [5 lakh skid].
Q: So but so this will not impact our margins per se.
A: No it it does not impact our margins because the costing for every skid assembly depending on the design is done uh separately. So it's not like a standard offtheshelf product.
Q: we are doing a lot of R&D... any product which is you know close to commercialization... will this lead to some better market opportunities... or impact on margins any technological improvement.
A: So uh we are working on a lot of products both in the in our host assembly business and also in the uh you know in in the liquid cooling where we are developing certain products in in collaboration with our customers. So definitely these products... will be ultimately commercialized and used... in our applications.
Q: any timeline on this or like will this improve our efficiencies cost or will lead to better market?
A: It it depends. products depends... at what stage they are in. So some are towards the end of completion some have just started some requires a lot more... engineering... some products might require special machines... it's difficult to give a specific timeline... Some products stay in R&D for a long time... because sometimes it is difficult to meet the requirements of the customer...

[T07 ANALYST Q - Prem, Astute Investment Management - fire hose assembly, 15 products, 25% SFN reiteration]
Q: if you can give us the update on the fire hose assembly for the data centers... which we were developing. Is there any update on that?
A: Yeah. So the product is already almost towards the end of completion. Should be commercialized by uh the end of this quarter or or latest by the start of next quarter.
Q: in terms of realization, can you quantify how big it can be?
A: Uh difficult to give a number right now but... we have put in certain investments based on the projections or the estimation that we've received from our customer. So... once it is commercialized... at that time we'll be able to give a better perspective... Right now it'll be difficult for me to comment on it in public forum until unless something is not yet commercialized.
Q: But will it be for domestic use or uh
A: no international international supply
Q: also on this uh the other products... we had some 15... different products which we exhibited. Is there any update on any traction on that front?
A: [confirms 15 products showcased in exhibition in April, International] So these were the products... Some of it we already had the orders from some of the customers in Europe. So we showcase those same products in in the US as well. We have already uh received the orders for the assemblies uh which will be used in the data centers for the skate assemblies. We are uh in talks with a few uh potential customers... once everything is finalized we'll definitely let our shareholders know... these things take some time because... the partner that we are working with in India right from the from the day we started the discussion with them to the date of the first transaction that we did with them took almost uh 10 to 11 months.
Q: as you have shared that we at the end of the year 25% of the revenue will be contributed by SFM [SFN] but in this quarter you have done already 22% and you have not completely utilized the capacity. So do you want to reiterate the statement or on that front?
A: Well, I think I would... talk about this at the end of the year because... it is the plan for the end of the year quarter on quarter... things change... but we work on a yearly basis... that's why I think it's better that I answer it at the end of the year.

[T08 ANALYST Q - unnamed, "data investments" - India DC pipeline, expansion beyond 15k, international skid, skid margins]
Q: given... recently there have been a lot of announcements... the Gujarat policy coming in... a lot of traction of data centers in India... are we contemplating based on our engagement with customer... to expand our capacity beyond 15,000... your thoughts on this... once you probably start get the capacity to 15,000 by Q3 are we contemplating to put in more capeex beyond 15,000 as well based on your conversion with your current customer?
A: So... the capacity increase that we have planned from 2,000 [6,000] to 15,000 was based on... the discussion that we had with our customers... based on their projections... we have built up the capacity to 9,000 now and to complete the 15,000 by the start of Q3. Now in terms of the further expansion beyond 15,000... under discussion but it's too early for me to comment right now... demand is increasing... it takes time for a data center to be built up and to be up and running... We plan our capacity expansion after discussion with our customer and the customer definitely shares with us their orders in the pipeline for the next few months and also the kind of business that they see coming in in the foreseeable future... our first target is to get the 15,000 skates commissioned and up and running and then to look at further expansion.
Q: taking from the last phone call, we will probably do some business internationally in the skits business... not the whole fire assembly but in the skit business. Are we on track? how hopeful we are to get some order and execute in this financial year only?
A: Yes, we are uh definitely on track. And in this financial year we'll definitely have business coming in from an international market.
Q: is it the same customer that we are dealing with within in India or is it a complete different customer?
A: Uh we will not be able to comment on that. It's uh slightly proprietary on that aspect.
Q: in terms of quantum... is it significant to our current capacity or... will it be a part of our existing 15,000 capacity or will be probably required to put up another capex for it?
A: in terms of the potential... you can just see the potential in the international market is multifold as compared to the India market... just talking about Europe and US themselves... probably would have multiple times of the potential as compared to the markets in India... the design of their skid assemblies is slightly different than what we have in India. So we are developing... in talks with them to develop the skid assemblies that is required by them... once we get some confirmation finalization only then I'll be able to share more details.
Q: the firewood [fire hose] assembly which earlier participant was asking that is for the same customer which probably our largest customer is right
A: yeah
Q: if you could probably help us understand with some indication on margins on the skil [skid] business... this quarter... is it possible to give a range if not an exact number... what margins are we making on the skirt [skid] business right now
A: see the margins on the ski business is on a blended... on the same level as the margins on an average for the entire company as a whole... I will not be able to share the exact margin details on public forum.

[T09 ANALYST Q - Deep, Sapphire Capital - skid capex, hose capex, FY28 utilization, margin accretion]
Q: this skid this capacity expansion from 9,000 to 15,000... what is the capeex involved there?
A: So the overall capeex... the plan is to increase the overall capacity from 2,000 [6,000] skills peranom to 15,000 kids peranom and for that we have budgeted the capex of 48 crores. Uh so the entire capex would be utilized to increase the capacity from 2 [6] to 15,000. Some of the machines are required right now... they are answering [ancillary] machines which don't add to the capacity but are used right from day one. So it will be difficult to give an exact number of how much capacity required from 9,000 to 15,000 because some of the machines have already come in some are planned to come in in this quarter and a few of them would come in in the next quarter.
Q: what about the capex for this the flexible hoses from 17 5 to 20.
A: So... when we planned to increase the capacity in the flexible hoses it was planned from 16 and a half to 20 and the budgeted capacity for the same for the entire was around 54 crores. Uh... some of it was spent in FI25 some of it was spent in FI26 and now the remaining would be completed in FI27.
Q: this also So we expect to come on stream by third quarter right?
A: Yeah. So by by Q3 of this financial year most of the capex that we had planned last year would be completed.
Q: coming to skid this 15,000 capacity... we expect to optimally utilize in FI28... you will get the entire year of this capacity right?
A: Yeah... once it is commissioned we expect it to be up and running and then to be utilized at the optimum level... in the next financial year FI28.
Q: what would be the optimal utilization... can we reach 90 95% or 80 85%?
A: no about 80% is the optimum utilization
Q: you did mention that the approval takes a lot of time right about 10 to 12 months in this segment so will the scale up happen fast for you to have this 80% utilization in FI28?
A: so the approval is in terms of there are two kinds of approval one is when you have a completely new customer... that obviously takes a lot of time the second kind of approvals are when you're already working with an existing customer But the data centers that they are working with they need to take approvals for all kinds of drawings all kinds of design before we start the production. So that is where sometimes the delay happens where a lot of the time the designs are not approved by the customers... till that time we cannot produce the products...
Q: given that skid assembly revenue share will increase because it will grow way faster than your base business which might be expected to grow at 15 20%... the share will increase. So that's margin accretive for you. The skit would have superior margin as compared to your flexible hoses or assemblies.
A: So like I said... difficult to give a number on the margin increase just from this kid assembly on a public forum but... the target for the company is to achieve an ebit margin of 25% over the next few years and that is where we are focusing our efforts towards.

[T10 ANALYST Q - Nirvana Laha, Badrinath Holdings - 15k timing, Q4 exit run rate, repurposing, gross vs opex de-leverage]
Q: this 15k expansion you've said Q3. Uh can you also tell which month it will come and for Q4 exit run rate? I think in the last call you had said 750 skits per month we will hit. So is that right? intact.
A: first of all when we talk about Q3 it's an expected Q3 it may come anywhere between October to November... difficult to tell an exact month because it depends on our machine supplier because from where we are facing certain delays from their end... it might come in October it might come in November... that's why we have given a quarter... with regards to Q4 you 750 skills can you just repeat...
Q: overall the exit run rate for Q4 I think last time you had said you expect to hit about 60 65% utilization on the 15,000 uh skit capacity. So that works out to approximately 750 skits per month. was that is that guidance intact? Do you think you can do higher than that?
A: as of now the way things are planning up we feel that that is intact. Obviously depends on closer to those particular... when we reach Q3 we'll have a much better idea in terms of the planned dispatch for Q4. But yes, the entire team is working towards increasing the supply of the skid assemblies to our customers.
Q: this quarter... the capeex that you're doing for skid assembly. suppose ski demand after a few years tapers off this particular facility can you repurpose for your flexible hoses or for bellows is it a reus facility the same machines etc.
A: some of these machines can be utilized for bellows. a lot of these machines can be utilized for providing flow control solutions for other industrial applications as well. Not exactly flexible hose but it can be used for flow control applications in HVAC... in imports and terminals in industries... say 5 years from now demand for ski assemblies goes away which I feel it's a little farfetched to think that but just to assume... these same machines can be utilized for developing piping solutions for some other industry. So it's quite fungible from that aspect.
Q: this quarter while gross margins went up quite a lot QoQ... about 200 bps gross margins went up but you had 300 bps of de leverage coming from employee costs and other expenses. So is it expansion related costs which will get absorbed completely by the next two quarters or is there some one-off?
A: No. So these are mostly the cost related to... setting up of the plant at in Punea [Pune]. So some of these cost of the employees... the employees cost has increased because of the ramp up in in manpower that we have done both at the facility for SFN in Koja [Taloja] and also the new facility coming up in Chak [Chakan]. So some of these are for those particular projects... Plus also with increased business we expect in the next few quarters coming in from Bellowos as well because Bellows has not yet reached optimum utilization in terms of its positive contribution to the blended margin. So once that also ramps up... we'll see a higher uptake in terms of their margins.

[T11 ANALYST Q - Paresh, Lucky Investments - order book/delivery schedule, volume, Q2 schedule, exit run rate base]
Q: is there a order book that you have or is there a delivery schedule that you have as of now?
A: So, we generally receive the tentative dispatch schedule from our customer 2 months in advance with regards to the tentative dispatch that they plan... for which the designs are in the final stages of approval. And then for Q3 they have given a template that these are the projects that are in finalization and these are expected to come in Q3... for this quarter we have already have brought [got] the dispatch plan.
Q: So basically every time you will have a 3 month delivery schedule... a defined delivery schedule... and beyond the 3 months you'll have a visibility in terms of a client telling you that this is the identified project and I will come back to you with my designs. that's how I you have to understand right.
A: Yeah. So it's 2 months of plan dispatch plan for 2 months and the projects for the customer. So the customers don't tell us directly because it is not our customer the end customer who is ultimately setting up the data center. It is the customer of our customer. So based on discussions that they have had with the customer they gave us a tentative plan that these are the projects that we will plan to dispatch in the next quarter.
Q: from each project to each project the skid type and the skid value will differ right?
A: Yes. one even in the same project on the different floors the value of the skid might change and the value of the SFN for each floor might vary between a floor to floor also. So that's why the design of the floor how are they planning to set up the data center is extremely important to design.
Q: you have given the value of 34 [32.4] crores in quarter one as your value... can you tell us the volume there and what delivery schedule do you have for quarter 2 value and volume?
A: So in Q1 we had 32 4 crores as the value of the sales. And the number the volume was 140 [1,040]. It is mentioned on the in the presentation also... Q2 delivery schedule we have but I will not be able to share it right now. So probably you can take it on a onetoone basis.
Q: the exit run rate which you're saying at 65% utilization that is on the expanded 9,000 capacity or the 15,000 SK capacity?
A: [clarifies] That's for the Q4 that I mentioned... on 15,000 once it is commissioned.

[T12 ANALYST Q - Yashika Panchuli, Hong (Anand Rathi?) Investments - fire hose assembly margins]
Q: one question on fire hole [hose] assemblies. What kind of... a ballpark on what kind of margins are we looking at in case we go ahead with the fire hose assemblies?
A: The fire hose assemblies have margins ranging between 23 to 26%.

[T13 ANALYST Q - Omar, Motilal Oswal Financial Services - sequential margin decline, West Asia logistics]
Q: on sequential basis your margins have decreased by appro 80 bps but the scale volumes have also increased like they have doubled. So this is because of any product portfolio changes.
A: No. if you see the gross margins has increased but... because we have put more investment in terms of team where we have increased the team for the skills business plus also we have set up a new facility for manufacturing the host assemblies for specific application for one of our international customers. So we have invested a lot in terms of these particular future expense and hence that's the reason for slight decline on the margins on a sequential basis.
A [MD adds]: also to add to that... because the barring the material cost in the Q1 if you also would see that logistics cost also has increased because of the crisis that has happened in West Asia. So that is also a cost which has seen significant increase specifically in Q1 because the real impact of the West Asia crisis started to begin at towards the middle of March and then it became more and more severe in Q1. So that was also reason for increase in the other expenses.
Q: So for [Q]2 also assume like margins on this terminal lines around 2 to three%. [logistics ~2-3%?]
A: So... I keep mentioning that quarter on quarter... I would want everyone to look at our business not from a quarteronquarter basis but from how we see it on a year-on-year basis... some quarters can be very good some quarters can be not so good depending on external circumstances. So it's better that we are judged on an annual basis because over a period of a year things tend to average out.

[T14 ANALYST Q - unnamed, Code Advisors - skid value share own vs sourced, content per MW, moat vs Boyd/Motivair]
Q: on the SSN skid, I wanted to understand what's actually yours versus... on a typical skid. roughly what share of value is Aeroflex's own manufacturing say in the piping, hoses, bellows versus the components that you are sourcing and integrating and over time do you plan moving up to the higher value pieces like CDUs, manifolds or quick disconnects or stay focused in fluid transfer?
A: it's difficult to give a number... some of the components the raw materials that we are buying from our suppliers then we are converting into the SFN some of the components that we are buying from our vendors in terms of the fittings and the connectors and the valves... difficult to give a number in terms of exactly how much we are manu[facturing]... the entire manufacturing is for the entire product... in manufacturing all the components that we are buying from our suppliers are raw materials because ultimately we convert them into a complete skid... you can the best way to judge is to see our gross margins because ultimately those are the materials that we have purchased and then ultimately consumed into manufacturing.
Q: everyone's quoting the 9 gawatt India pipeline... for 1 megawatt of liquid cooled IT load how much Aeroflex's content is there in rupees like roughly how many skids does a megawatt absorb... how you get from gawatt of pipeline to a revenue number for aeroflex
A: about 40 odd skids uh go into 1 megawatt on an average
Q: against the global integrators like Boyd or Motiveware [Motivair]. What's the actual reason a global thermal management player would source SFN skits from India and from you? Is it like cost arbitrage, localization mandate or genuine engineering differentiation? And in the longer run, would this be a defensible mode [moat] for the company?
A: international customers are right now obviously buying internationally from their own suppliers whether they're based in US or Europe... now they are looking at us both from the perspective of one our engineering capabilities... in just one year time we have developed a product which was non-existent in India... a year back SFN was not available in India... our team our engineering capabilities our R&D obviously the product quality... second is the kind of innovation that we're doing... the first skid that we supplied and the last kit that we have supplied recently if you see the designs we've done so much improvement... in terms of cost arbitrage obviously India will always have the cost arbitrage but that will always remain one of the factors But for us it's more important is how do we innovate in the products in order to ensure that we give better product than what the customer has asked for and that's what separates us... one more thing is our speed... we are amongst the ones who are the fast and the most agile in terms of adoption of technology both in engineering and also in our production.

[T15 ANALYST Q - unnamed, Nisha Investments - Hyd-Air standalone approvals, % into SFN]
Q: on the H Hydair side are we looking individual or standalone approval to sell components from Hydair to other makers or CDU players globally or is it only for your own internal purpose?
A: No. we'll be using the products that hidair for our own internal usage and not to supply to other data center manufacturers.
Q: how much is the percentage... how much of Hydair component is going into our SFN scripts [skids]?
A: right now Hydair... is not supplying components for SFN because the components for SFN are made with a different technology. But Hydair is providing certain components which are used for our host assemblies and those host assemblies are going into data centers. So right now we are utilizing the capacity for components for host assemblies.
Q: So are we planning to move that also into data centers?
A: Yeah, but it will not be directly. It will be a part of Aeroflex's product offerings.
Q: But right now we are not doing it.
A: No.

[T16 ANALYST Q - Raman, Sequent Investments (follow-up) - flexible hose data center applications]
Q: follow up... on the flexible hoses part. You said there have been inquiries from Europe. I just want to understand what are the applications of the flexible hoses not the SFN skid in the data center like where are they used and where are we seeing demand coming from.
A: there are two kinds of uses for those assemblies. one is for the last mile connection between the rack and the SFN where there is a flexible component which is required. Second is the fire application where the hose assemblies are used for firefighting solutions or the fire suppression systems that are installed in the data centers and then some data centers where even air cooling is already there they use the flexible host for HVAC applications... also what we seeing is the old or the older data centers who used to earlier have rubber hoses as part of their fluid management system they are converting it from the rubber hose into metal hoses. So the various applications that we are seeing come in for the host assemblies.

[T17 OPERATOR + MD - closing]
OPERATOR: due to time constraint, that was the last question of the day... hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.
MD: Thank you so much... thank you to everyone who has joined the call today... thank you for supporting our company always. If I'm not being able to answer any questions of anybody, you can please share your questions to AGA [SGA - Strategic Growth Advisors] who was our investor relation partner, and they'll be able to provide you with the relevant details. So, thank you so much again everyone for joining. I hope to see you in the next earnings call. Take care and have a good day.
OPERATOR: On behalf of Aeroflex Industries Limited, that concludes this conference.
