[page 1]
 
 
 
 
MFSL/SEC/EQ/2026/69        August 05, 2026 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
To, 
General Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 540749, 947381 Trading Symbol: MASFIN 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub.:   Transcript of Conference Call held in respect of the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone 
& Consolidated) for the first quarter ended on June 30, 2026. 
 
We wish to inform you that pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of conference call held on July 30, 2026 
with respect to Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone & Cons olidated) for the first quarter ended 
on June 30, 202 6, is available on the Company’s website at the link: https://mas.co.in/investors-
corner/conference-call-transcripts/  
 
Please find enclosed the transcript for reference. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For, MAS Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Riddhi Bhaveshbhai Bhayani 
(Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer) 
Membership No.: A41206 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“MAS Financial Services Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 30, 2026 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on July 30, 2026, will prevail 
 
            
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAMLESH GANDHI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
 DIRECTOR – MAS FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 MRS. DARSHANA PANDYA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – MAS FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 MR. DHVANIL GANDHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – MAS 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 MR. ANKIT JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – MAS  
 FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. SANKET CHHEDA – DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to MAS Financial Services Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.  Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanket Chheda from DAM Capital Advisors. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Sanket Chheda: Hi. Very good afternoon to all of you. We have with us the entire management team of MAS 
Financial to discuss the Q1 results. From the management side, we have Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi, 
who is the Chairman and Managing Director; Mrs. Darshana Pandya, who is Executive 
Director and CEO; Mr. Dhvanil Gandhi, who is the Executive Director; and Mr. Ankit Jain, 
who is the CFO. 
 So, without further ado,  I will hand the call over to Kamlesh Gandhi, sir, for his opening 
remarks. We will follow that up with question-and-answers. Over to you, sir. 
Kamlesh Gandhi: Thank you, Sanket, and good afternoon to all of you. I'm very happy to be connected to all of 
you again in order to take you through the Q1 results.  And so, while everyone of you must 
have gone through the results and the presentation, but I'm very happy to share with you that 
we could demonstrate a high -quality growth this quarter, consistent to what we have been 
doing over this year. 
 This was , 125th quarter of performance. So, this is a very long time and a consistent 
performance in line of what we think, that is what I shared in the press release also that this is 
consistent to our belief that steadily and consistently is the fastest way to reach your 
destination. So, we have walked that talk, and we very well intend to do it in future also. 
 On the performance side, what makes me start with a remark of a high -quality growth is the 
profitability that we could register along with a very strong asset quality also at 27% on 
consolidated basis and 25% on standalone basis. With a very strong AUM growth of 21%, 
consistent to our guidance of 20% to 25%. 
 So, this quarter, we have started moving towards that plus 20% mark, and we see this 
improving quarter-on-quarter depending the way we have been in a position to spread our 
distribution and depending upon the macro situations from time-to-time. 
 So, all in all, it was a nice quarter. We crossed once again a landmark of INR16,000 crores in 
AUM. And as in consistent to our way of working that we double our AUM every 3-3.5 years, 
we are well on track doing the same if you consider INR10,000 crores in say December 2024. 
So, that is on the headline numbers. 
 If I talk about three very important things that is asset, liability & operations, let me take you 
through all these three important constituents of this business. On the asset, we continue to 
predominantly focus on our prime segment, that is MSME segment that we have been doing 
[page 4]
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
since long. And we are in a position to demonstrate a good growth in both our segments that 
we bifurcate as MEL and SME with a very stable and a good asset quality. 
 And along with contribution from two-wheelers and commercial vehicle and salaried personal 
loan that gives us a flair of diversification to the asset that we create. These assets are created 
through a very strong distribution of 16,500 centers through our 209 branches and also through 
our partnership with more than 200 NBFCs, which is now more than a 15 years old model. So, 
around 33% being contributed by that model and 67% coming through our direct distribution, 
which we see gradually increasing in favour of direct distribution to 70% plus within next 8 to 
12 quarters. 
 So, on the asset side, we continue to follow the same strategy that we have been following so 
far while extending credit it is due and maintaining the very robust quality of assets. Asset 
creation was also added by our integration with various tech platforms and our tie up with few 
of the fintechs that helped us to create the assets what we intended to and also give us more 
understanding of the play of technology in asset creation, which I think all of us will have to 
learn going forward. 
 On the quality of the assets, we remain very strong at GNPA of close to 2.58% and NNPA of 
1.70%. Despite probable headwinds of the conflict, which we were expecting in the beginning, 
but fortunately did not play out because of two reasons. The first I have to attribute to the 
resilience of the sector we are working with , the MSME borrowers. And second, our prudent 
approach to asset creation and extending credit where it is due. 
 Coming on a very important part that is liabilities. Starting from the base of the liabilities that 
is the capital. Capital adequacy ratio stood at a very strong plus 23% this quarter also that 
forms a very strong base for us to raise the liability and generate the required liquidity at the 
optimum rate. I was talking to somebody in the morning on the reduction in rates. 
 So, well, we could achieve a reduction of rate this quarter, but we were, say, in 2023 or before 
the COVID set in and then there were a lot of changes , we used to borrow less than 9% too.  
So, if you ask me personally, I aspire that going forward, given the positive macro 
environment and the liquidity available, we should move back towards those rates. 
 While this year, we did good in reducing our borrowing cost by almost 55 basis points to 
9.25% from the erstwhile borrowing cost. We remain very strongly in terms of ALM 
management and the liquidity management and I would like to thank all the lenders very 
heartly for putting the trust in us and we always have more liquidity than what we require. 
 Quickly on the operation side, and when we talk about operations, we have to talk tech in the 
same vein. We are very aware and conscious of the fact that tech and building up of tech, 
integration of tech in the right earnest should help us and should be the way forward. 
 As I have shared earlier that we operate on a build and operate model. We have an in -house 
team of close to 100 people consisting of business analysts and software engineers. And with 
the recent help of AI and all, we see a lot of changes, and a lot efficiency creeping in as far as 
our tech department is also concerned. 
[page 5]
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 We have a complete LOS for all the product s. LMS has been there since long. LOS is being 
now added with BRE and to the substantial straight -through processes, albeit with a human 
intervention because the borrowers who we sell also requires a fair amount of human 
intervention, but that is creating a lot of efficiencies at the credit delivery level. 
 So, when we talk about ops, we are talking about much of tech and adoption of tech and 
aspiration for the tech plays a very important role. And we at the top level of the organization 
percolating down to the bottom are well aware of the fact and are trying to execute as 
efficiently and as swiftly as possible. 
 In terms of HR, let me start human resource with the two developments what we have affected 
this quarter. One is our CRO, Nishant Jain, who is with the company since last almost 7 - 8 
years and given his performance and given his contribution on the risk management has been 
entrusted to more responsibility as Director -Operations, which will cover credit risk and 
operations, everything. And he'll be reporting to the Executive Director and CEO , and he will 
be looking after operations effective September 1, 2026. 
 Nishant is a qualified chartered accountant. And in his place Darshil Thakkar is a qualified 
chartered accountant, cost accountant and the company secretary and a rank holder and with 
the company since more than 10 years was holding a very key position on credit delivery in the 
SME and RAC space has been elevated to the role of CRO. 
 So, with these changes, I think we are strengthening our middle line of management and 
creating a very strong succession path within the organization. And going forward, we see 
such changes happening more frequently. 
 In terms of the team size, like all the organizations and especially the financial services who 
with the help of technology could bring down on the number of people they employ. We could 
also reduce the employee count by 380 this quarter, which you will see is reflected in the 
employee cost also and that is because of the adoption of technology. 
 While we adopt technology, we consider human resource still as one of the most important 
pillars for success. But the only change what I see now is that it will be the survival of the 
fittest. And it was first for financial services industry where there was a mad rush to appoint 
people and people were scarce, it was like a fastest finger first moving to survival of the fittest, 
and that's a development in the right direction. 
 So, we continue to pursue HR as one of the important tools to achieve our goal, and through 
our competent HR team, we are doing our best to get the best efficiencies from the team.  
Quickly on the housing finance side, I'm very happy to share the operational numbers in terms 
of profitability, a strong growth of profitability of 56% because of the lower operational cost as 
we are growing our AUM. 
 We are striking distance away from INR1,000 crores and candidly where the growth in the 
housing finance company has to reach its potential of around 35%, which we internally aspire. 
But having said that, we have always adopted the dictum of prioritizing risk and profitability 
[page 6]
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
over just the AUM growth. But that does not mean that we have the license to grow only at 
22% to 23%. 
 So, we are working very actively to strengthen our distribution system. While in his remark, 
Dhvanil at the appropriate time will share his plans for expanding our operations in South also 
as far as housing finance is concerned. So, we are very hopeful that within next few quarters, 
we should see this company inching up on AUM also while maintaining a very strong 
profitability on the back of operational efficiencies and also the control on the credit cost. 
 Here also, friends, the net NPA is 0.68% and with a sufficient buffer despite of this being 
100% secured  and with a 35% capital adequacy and with capital available at need, this 
company is on a very strong footing. Maybe we have taken some more time in growing the 
book, but we are in the right direction, and it will soon be a value accretive for the parent, 
which we are confident of. 
 So, rather taking much of your time with this, I will hand over to Darshana Ben to take you 
through the detailed numbers , while you already have it. But once again for the benefit of 
everyone, she will take you quickly through the numbers followed by Ankit and then followed 
by Q&A. Over to you, Darshana Ben. 
Darshana Pandya: Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, everyone. So, I will quickly take you through the key 
numbers. Coming to the consolidated numbers, as sir shared, we have crossed a milestone of 
INR16,000 crores on consolidated business as far as the AUM is concerned. So, it is a growth 
of around 21% from INR13,300 crores to INR16,100 crores, and PAT growth is of  around 
27% from INR86 crores to INR110 crores. 
 Now, coming to the standalone numbers. What we achieved in the last quarter on consolidated 
basis, we have achieved on standalone basis. So, AUM stands at INR15,147 crores that is 21% 
growth in AUM from INR12,505 crores to INR15,147 crores. Total income, there is a growth 
of around 20% from INR443 crores to INR530 crores. Profit before tax , there is a growth of 
25% from INR112 crores to INR140 crores and the profit after tax grew by 25% from INR84 
crores to INR105 crores. 
 If we look at the configuration of the loan book , MSME loan contributes around 77%, wheels 
is 14% and salaried personal loan is 9%. There is a growth of around 23% in MEL book that is 
from INR5,009 crores to INR6,153 crores. SME loan, there is a growth of 21% from INR4,526 
crores to INR5,485 crores. 
 Two-wheeler loan, there is a growth of 19% from INR872 crores to INR1,039 crores. CV loan 
book grew by 13% from INR967 crores to INR1,096 crores and salaried personal loans there is 
a growth of 21% from INR1,131 crores to INR1,374 crores. 
 Coming to the quality of the portfolio , it remains stable and strong as compared to March 
2026. As on June , the gross stage 3 asset is 2.58% and net stage 3 asset is 1.7% which was 
2.57% and 1.7% in March 2026. And this is without considering the management overlay of 
INR17.60 crores as on June.  
[page 7]
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Regarding our housing finance company, there is a growth in AUM by 23%. So, from INR794 
crores to INR976 crores. Total income grew by 30% from INR23 crores to INR30 crores. 
Profit before tax grew by 62% from INR3.53 crores to INR5.70 crores and profit after tax , 
there is a growth of 55% from INR2.76 crores to INR4.27 crores. Here also the portfolio 
quality remains stable and strong. It is 0.98% gross stage 3 asset and 0.68% net stage 3 asset , 
which was same in the quarter March '26. So , this was about the performance in Q1 for both 
the companies. 
 Now, I will request Ankit to give us the update on finance and resource management. 
Ankit Jain: Thank you, ma'am. Good afternoon to all. To elaborate on capital and liability management , 
first on liquidity management. The company continues to maintain a strong liquidity profile 
through effective liquidity management. During the quarter, we maintained an average 
liquidity balance of around INR1,000 crores. 
 As on June 30, 2026, we have sanctioned borrowing line of more than INR1,900 crores across 
term loans, non -convertible deb entures and direct assignment. With respect to fund raise 
during the quarter, we executed direct assignment transaction aggregating to INR700 crores. In 
addition, we currently have sanctioned direct assignment lines of more than INR700 crores 
which we expect to utilize during the quarter. Our objective remains to maintain 20% to 25% 
of AUM as off-book through direct assignment and other off-book transactions. 
 We have a cash credit facility of approximately INR1,400 crores and spread across 12 banks. 
We maintain average utilization level of 70% to 75% during the quarter while keeping the 
unutilized portion available as a liquidity buffer. 
 On the long -term borrowing front, we raised INR400 crores through term loans during the 
quarter, with an average maturity profile of 3 years to 5 years. We also raised INR650 crores 
through non -convertible deb enture of which INR360 crores was subscribed by FMO, the 
Dutch Development Bank and rest was through retail and other one was through a bank. 
Additionally, we have sanctioned borrowing lines of more than INR250 crores available for 
future drawdown.  
With respect to asset liability maturity pattern , we are well placed whereby we have positive 
cumulative cash flows across all maturity buckets. With respect to capital adequacy, we remain 
strong at 23.25% with Tier 1 capital at 21.94% and debt equity ratio at 3.35x.  Our capital 
adequacy provides adequate headroom to support our medium-term growth strategy.  
The average cost of borrowing during the quarter stood at 9.25%, reflecting a reduction of 55 
basis points compared to corresponding period last year and around 15 basis points compared 
to March quarter. Our incremental borrowing cost remains around 9.2% to 9.25%. We expect 
our cost of borrowing to remain stable. Our borrowing profile continues to remain well 
diversified across banks, NCD investors, mutual funds, DFIs and direct assignment and other 
capital market instruments. 
[page 8]
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 Overall, we remain adequately capitalized, well-funded and comfortably positioned to support 
our business growth by maintaining prudent liquidity, comfortable leverage and diversified 
liability profile. Thank you. 
 Now, we are open for Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ishank Gupta from Choice Institutional Equities. Please proceed. 
Ishank Gupta: Yes. Good afternoon. Congratulations for a good set of numbers.  
Moderator: Ishank, can you please speak a little loudly? 
Ishank Gupta: Yes. Am I audible? Is it better? 
Moderator: Yes. 
Ishank Gupta: Yes So, my first question is, can you kindly share the demand that you are observing in the 
used CV business? Moreover, how has been the collection efficiency as we have witnessed a 
sharper uptick in the gross NPA vis-a-vis other segments? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: See, if we talk about the demand, the demand has been quite robust. But when we talk about 
eligible demand and on tightening the credit screen given the current crisis and especially on 
the energy side of it, that is the fuel in used commercial vehicle, the eli gible demand was 
slightly less. 
 And as I shared earlier that we are in the process of calibrating our distribution and product 
processes as far as commercial vehicle is concerned. And we see to that within next 1 or 2 
quarters; we'll be in a position to do the volumes along with the desired quality. 
 And in terms of the collection efficiencies, this fluctuation is normal as far as commercial 
vehicle is concerned, and we see no undue risk on the quality of the portfolio and the losses 
that can happen because of this fluctuation. 
Ishank Gupta: So, by then we can see some stronger growth in the used CV business for the year? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: At least, safely, I will say 2 quarters away because customary to our style, we would not like to 
jump on the -- into any products in a very aggressive manner and especially given the current 
situation, which is so fluid. So, we would like to wait and watch for 1 or 2 quarters before we 
really see that growing faster. 
Ishank Gupta: Sir, my second question would be, given the monsoon has been weaker this year, do we 
foresee any weakness in credit discussions for the two-wheeler segment as we witnessed a 
degrowth on quarter-on-quarter basis? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: Not really because degrowth on quarter -to-quarter basis is that usually Q3 and Q4 are strong 
quarters for two-wheeler given the seasonality and the festivals being there in Q3 and Q4 in 
[page 9]
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
different parts of the country. So, Q1 is usually muted. So, this is in lines of the normal muted 
Q1 that we have been seeing mostly over the years. 
 And as far as the rains are concerned, many part has recouped in terms of the deficiencies in 
the rain. Now, at many places, we are facing another problem that they were overflooded. And 
so, now we need to see that how it really spans out. 
 So, depending upon the geographies we operate and depending upon the centers we operate , 
the ground level information that we gather from our sales collection and the credit team, we 
design our credit screen and tighten our credit screens accordingly. So , let us see how that 
really spans out. It will take some time before we can really comment on that. 
Ishank Gupta: Understood. Also, we have witnessed a back -to-back increase in yields and advances for the 
second quarter. So, how sustainable are these yields? And what was the primary driver for this 
increase? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: As far as our NIMs are concerned, as I always maintain that we would like to work on a spread 
of anywhere between 7% to 7.5% and then translating into NIMs of anywhere between 8% to 
8.5%. We see that we structure our asset creation in such a manner that the spreads of around 
7% to 7.5% are maintained more or less and that should sustain the yield anywhere between 
8% to 8.5%. 
Ishank Gupta: Got it. And my last question would be , are we going to witness any further reduction in our 
cost of funding given we have already reached our target of 9.2%, more or less around target 
of 9.2%? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: Difficult to comment right now because the cost of borrowing is dependent on the macro 
situation. So, depending upon the RBI policies from time-to-time and the liquidity available in 
the market from time -to-time. But it will be our efforts to see to that we stabilize or reduce. 
But as Ankit shared with you that this should remain in this horizon of between 9.2% to 9.3%. 
Ishank Gupta: Got it. All the best for the coming quarter. 
Kamlesh Gandhi: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devam Modi from Ardeko Asset. Please 
proceed. 
Devam Modi: Yes. Congratulations on a good set of numbers, sir. So , firstly just wanted to understand that, 
we understand that your on -book AUM as a percentage of total AUM has risen this quarter. 
Now, what implications would that have for provisions? And would that mean that, let's say, 
you would need a more higher level of standard asset provisioning or something like that 
because your on -book AUM has gone up? And what will be the impact of the same in 
numbers? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: So, whenever the on -book asset increases, obviously, the corresponding provisions also 
increase. So, if you see that against our 5 .5% QoQ growth, on-book assets have increased by 
[page 10]
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
8.25%. So, that has caused an increase in provision also. If you see our provisioning in Stage 1 
and Stage 2 has increased from 0.65% to 0.7%. 
 So, that is the impact which translates to roughly around between INR5 crores to INR7 crores 
in provisioning. But the fluctuation in on-book and off-book is constant because it depends 
upon the opportunity and the rates at what we can assign our portfolio from time-to-time. 
 So, given our capabilities to have a lot of alternate means of funding, we don't compromise on 
rate of interest and other terms just to keep the portfolio off-book and even our capital , very 
strong capital adequacy. So, off-book is desirable, but not a compulsion on us. 
Devam Modi: Okay. Sure, sir. And sir, we do note that you have been a little cautious on the environment. 
However, as you mentioned that there is a sheer resilience of the model and probably the 
overall borrowers ’ profile and all those things. You have managed to overshoot the ROA 
towards like, let's say, greater than 3% for the last 2 quarters. 
 Given that the environment going ahead, you are probably stepping into a relatively more 
benign environment than the last 6 to 8 quarters, which had other headwinds. What is the kind 
of ROA range that we should comfortably consider first part? And the second thing that how 
should we see the new branches that we have opened post March 2024, how should we see that 
sweating playout in '27 and '28? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: So, starting with the second question, the branches by 2027-2028 will definitely sweat or even 
earlier than that. And on question of ROA, I think we always maintain the 2.75% to 3.25% as a 
range between which we will maintain our ROAs. And depending on the environment 
improvement or deterioration, that is where our credit screen works as a cushion. 
 The only difference is that we get more opportunities to do the business if the environment is 
good, because we can take a calculated risk as far as our credit screens are concerned , which 
are tightened in a challenging environment. 
 But at the end of the day , when the dictum of extending credit due is maintained , we are not 
allowing that to hamper our profitability. So, in the same way, it cannot increase our 
profitability substantially, because that is already been factored in. The difference will be how 
the ease of doing the business at the ground level in terms of logins to disbursement and in 
terms of the ticket sizes that we can extend that might potentially translate into better 
efficiencies. 
Devam Modi: Okay. Sure, sir. Just if you can clarify when you say branch sweating should happen before 
2027 and 2028, what are the key numbers to watch out for? And what would it mean in terms 
of -one is you mentioned efficiency as a thing, what would be the metric to track there? And 
what would it mean in terms of cost to income? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: So, obviously, the cost to income should stabilize or reduce marginally over a period of time. 
And as I told you, being a diversified product company, taking only cost to income or yield in 
isolation will not give us the right picture. But taking the complete yield metrics in terms of 
what are the ROAs that we generate , because if I have a product which is high yielding but 
[page 11]
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
high operating cost, but at the end of the day, the ROA is maintained. So, once again, the focus 
will be to maintain ROAs between 2.75% to 3.25%. The sweating of branches will signify that 
we are at the higher end of the spectrum. 
Devam Modi: Perfect. Thanks, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment 
Management. Please proceed. 
Aditya: Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question was on credit cost. So , now credit costs 
are around 1.6% of our AUM. And if I look back 1 year before, they were around 1.2%, 1.3% 
of AUM. And sir, if I look at your share of direct distribution that broadly remained , in the 
range of 66% -67% for the last 2 years. So, what explains this higher credit cost? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: See, the borrowers worked with credit cost will always be range bound, so it will be difficult to 
maintain a particular number. So, we have always maintained that we'll be anywhere between 
1.25% to 1.75% on credit cost. And once again, credit cost has to be looked in a perspective of 
what are the net ROAs we generate. 
 So, for example, 2 quarters down the line, we grow more on commercial vehicle. The very 
nature of commercial vehicle business is high yield, high losses. So, at the end of the day, it all 
depends upon what is the asset configuration. But here, increase from 1.2% to 1.5% and from 
1.5% to 1.6%, does not reflect on the quality of the assets we generate. 
 And that is well within our tolerance of what yields we generate from those assets. So , at the 
end of the day, these credit costs are well within our tolerance limit and it will be range bound 
between 1.25% to 1.75%. 
Aditya: Understood. But sir, just a follow -up here. I understand there is a mix change. But last year, 
you know, there was an impact of microfinance because of which our credit cost increased last 
year. In Q4 also, which has taken aggressive write-offs because we were expecting good profit 
growth. So, ideally, the credit cost as a percentage of AUM should have come down or should 
be coming down this year,  but that doesn't seem to be  playing out. So, some understanding if 
you could give us? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: If I requote the number, there are two which I shared earlier that our standard asset 
provisioning because of our on-book assets being increased higher than what it was last time or 
before that had entailed an extra provisioning of anywhere between INR6 crores to INR7 
crores. So, if you take out that INR6 crores to INR7 crores of extra provisioning, that will 
normalize our credit cost to a far extent. 
 So, that was one of the reasons. Plus , we also had a prudent write -off this year. So , a 
combination of everything that, higher on-book portfolio, a marginally higher provisioning in 
our Stage 1 and Stage 2 portfolio, which is  in a sort of a sense of buffer. So , combination of 
everything has resulted to whatever numbers we have reached here. But those numbers have 
not affected our ROAs or profitability. 
[page 12]
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Aditya: Understood, sir. And any extra write-offs which you'll taken this quarter as well? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: So, that's a regular feature. So, anything for any of the assets where we are not very sure of the 
recovery, that happens. So, that write-offs will be there. 
Aditya: Understood. Okay. And sir, any impact of recent floods , which we have witness in Gujarat , 
either on asset quality or disbursement growth going forward? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: So, many part of Gujarat are still in floods. So, it will be difficult for me to assess it right now. 
But those are all temporary major things which over the years we have seen. This is not the 
first time we are seeing our territories under flood. It has happened very regularly in the past 
also. So, temporarily the operations might be affected maybe for a day or 2. Once again, they 
are back to normal. So, I don't foresee much of the stress on the quality of the assets, but let us 
see how it evolves. 
Aditya: Got it, sir.  Understood. And now, sir, in the opening remarks, you mentioned that we have 
been able to bring down the number of employees. So, if you could just help us understand in 
what areas has tech helped us and going forward as well, do you see this a recurring future? 
Dhvanil Gandhi: Hi. So, yes. So, there I think this is a culmination of last, I think, a year or 1.5 years hard work 
in terms of various tech initiatives that we took across the board. So, what you see in terms of 
reduction is two ways. One is tech automizing a few things and that leading to requirement of 
lower manpower. So , we are hopeful that further improvements, further enhancements will 
help. 
 Difficult to put a number to it right now because there will also be some periods where we will 
keep the staff strength but also test the tech and then implement it once we are very sure about 
it. So, we see this improvement coming in during the year. So , difficult to put a number. But 
yes, I think tech leading to better efficiency, lesser requirement of incremental manpower as 
the business increases are two areas that we are looking at actively. 
Aditya: But sir, is it more helping us in collections or underwriting 
Dhvanil Gandhi: So, operations and underwriting majorly and soft bucket collections, yes. So , introduction of 
bots, introduction of auto -allocation, various other things. So , even origination wherein some 
of our partnerships are helping us out there. So , I would say it is getting contribution from 
everywhere, origination, underwriting and operations and collection, all three of them. 
Aditya: Got it. Understood. And sir, in the opening remarks, you mentioned that we'd like to take our 
borrowing cost to 9%, which was  pre-COVID levels. So, just wanted to understand what will 
help us drive that. So, is it a credit rating upgrade which we are looking at or anything else? 
Dhvanil Gandhi: So, that was more from the sense that we have borrowed at sub -9, and that's the wish ideally, 
but we also have to look at the market conditions and what is going on in the market. So , 
currently, sub-9 immediately within next 1 or 2 quarters looks like a far -fetched assumption. 
On the contrary, even if we are able to maintain this at the current level, considering the 
[page 13]
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
overall macro situation where inflation numbers are, on the fence, RBI is also on the fence in 
terms of rate hike and all. 
 So, I think the first target for us is to maintain this at 9.25% to 9.3%. Then, we can maybe 1 or 
2 quarters down the line once overall macro stabilizes, we can again go back to the drawing 
board and see what avenues we have for reduction in rate. But credit rating upgrade, yes, is 
something that we are pursuing actively. We can't say when, but that's one thing that can have 
an impact on the borrowing cost. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhuchanda from MC Pro. Please proceed. 
Madhuchanda Dey: Hello. Good afternoon. 
Kamlesh Gandhi: Good afternoon. 
Madhuchanda Dey: Yes. So, my question is, on this West Asia crisis, which started when we were in Q4 and it has 
kind of lingered on through Q1 and now we are in Q2. So, have you seen any change in terms 
of demand or stress in any particular pocket because of the crisis lingering on for so long? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: As soon as this crisis came into existence, we could pre-empt that which were the areas that 
could be likely affected. And we tightened our credit screens on all those areas that is more 
precisely on the energy -dependent businesses. So , we were very cautious on the energy -
dependent businesses on how we will extend the credit to them. So, fortunately, that played out 
well for us that we did not face much stress. 
 But having said that, as I shared earlier, even the units which were energy dependent had 
somehow managed to remain standard for other lenders also. That is what our take is that there 
have not been massive defaults because citing this crisis and they are facing the problem. They 
might have faced a problem in the business, but somehow, they managed to stay afloat. 
 In our case, it was a combination of both the borrowers being very resilient and we're being 
very cautious. And in terms of the sector, it was all energy -dependent sectors such as 
restaurants. 
 Dhvanil Gandhi: Some manufacturing units where their dependency on gas and natural gas was there. So , we 
had already started looking at it cautiously on the export-oriented businesses. 
Madhuchanda Dey: But as the prices continues, have you seen any incremental impact on demand for loans and 
any particular pocket where there could be possible asset quality stress because this is kind of 
lingering on for quite some time now? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: So, I'll call it eligible demand definitely decreased. 
Madhuchanda Dey: Okay. 
Kamlesh Gandhi: Because when we talk about demand, there are so many people who will be opting for credit in 
such current situation. But once you limit and you tighten the credit screen, the eligible 
demand decreases, the login to disbursement also decreases that we faced in Q1 and Q2 to a 
[page 14]
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
certain extent. And currently, once it was stabilized in between, that came back to normal. 
Now, it has to be seen that how it really plays once again in this quarter. 
Madhuchanda Dey: Okay. But that doesn't derail your 20% to 25% kind of growth guidance, right? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: No. Hopefully, no , because that has been not that substantial to cause that impact. It results 
into more field work and more hard work at the ground level to get the borrowers who are 
eligible for the loans. But somehow , we'll be in a position to maintain this 20%  - 25% as 
demonstrated last quarter and this quarter. 
Madhuchanda Dey: Thank you. And all the best. 
Kamlesh Gandhi: Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Meghna Luthra from Incred Equities. Please proceed. 
Meghna Luthra: Yes. Hi. So, thank you for the opportunity . And also, for the additional disclosure that was 
very helpful. One question is, sir. What is the write-off number this quarter and last quarter? 
Dhvanil Gandhi: Yes. We will just get you that number. 
Meghna Luthra: And sir, I wanted some more colour on how is demand shaping up in terms of segments like , 
are we still conservative in textile, FMCG and especially our top states? What is driving 
demand with segments? 
Dhvanil Gandhi: Yes. So, yes, I think the cautious segments that we had, we are still a little watchful on those. 
But other than that, overall, I think across the board, demand has been stable. There has been 
no outlier in terms of high demand or , you know,  high drop-off in terms of any sector. As 
earlier mentioned, we have had a cautious stand on some of these businesses since the U.S. 
tariff issue, and that stand still is there. 
 So, overall, MEL, SME across the board, manufacturing and trading businesses, the demand is 
more or less stable. Due to the input  cost going up, working capital demand also has gone up 
for certain businesses. But at the same time, they get underwritten against a little more stricter 
policy parameter. So, we are balancing both. 
 We are balancing both the demand as well as the policy parameters to filter out to the best 
extent possible.  
Kamlesh Gandhi: On the write-off, in March, it was 29 Crore. In June, it is 19 Crore, which was offset by higher 
ECL provisioning. So , if you see more or less our impairment in March or June is same, 
because as I shared with you that we increased Stage 1 and Stage 2 provisioning by 5 b asis 
point. So, that entailed around INR6.5 crores to INR7 crores. And that kept the impairment 
cost almost the same that is March and June. 
Meghna Luthra: Got it. So, sir, this would be like credit cost range that we can see throughout the year, right? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: Come again? Credit cost? 
[page 15]
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Meghna Luthra: This range, we can take it for the full year, we see this range of credit cost, 1.5% and 1.6%? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: It will be range bound between 1.25% to 1.75%. I will reiterate , it all depends upon the asset 
configuration that is pursued during the year. The right way of looking at it will be what are 
the ROA we are in a position to maintain despite our operation and the credit cost for the very 
reason that every product has its own characteristics in terms of the operational cost and the 
credit cost. But the range will be anywhere between 1.25% to 1.75%. 
Meghna Luthra: Okay, sir. And lastly, where do we see our direct distribution book in the next 1-1.5 years? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: I think it should be in the range of close to 70% from current 66% to 67%, around 70%  to 
72%. 
Meghna Luthra: Got it. Okay. Thank you. Thanks for the insight. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deep Vakil from Bandhan AMC.  Please 
proceed. 
Deep Vakil: Congratulation Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, only one point, I think there is one 
press release relating to change in management. So , I understand it is broadly to do with 
designation change. Can you give some clarity here and what the changes are or some colour 
on that? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: It's a designation change. As I shared in the opening remarks that CRO Nishant Jain has been 
elevated as Director - Operations; and Darshil, Head Credit SME, RAC has been elevated as 
Chief Risk Officer. So, that is more of an internal change. 
Deep Vakil: Okay. And sir, there is one footnote which says, I mean, MAS has exercised an option of 
redemption of 3,33,000, I mean option ally convertible preference shares of the subsidiary in 
cash, which is 25% of the total outstanding convertible preference shares. Sir, what is the 
amount of exposure here? And can you just give clarity on this transaction? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: So, MAS as a parent invest regularly as per the requirement in the subsidiary. So , INR10 
crores of OCPS was done, which was to be redeemed over a period of time or converted into 
equity. If you see the capital adequacy currently at MRHMFL is more than 37%. So , that 
company not requiring capital, did not keep that OCPS conversion and hence, it was refunded 
to the parent. 
Deep Vakil: Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Kamlesh Gandhi: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreepal Doshi from Equirus. Please proceed. 
Shreepal Doshi: Hi, sir. Thank you for giving me the opportunity . And congrats on a really good quarter. I 
joined the call a little late. So, I just had a question on the growth front. So, since MSE as well 
as SME has seen decent growth this quarter, shall we see the overall growth for the full year 
closer to on the higher side of the range of 20% to 25% for the full year? 
[page 16]
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Kamlesh Gandhi: So, very high possibility, yes. We are working on that quite optimistic. Can't predict, but you 
are thinking on the right lines. Yes, it is like that. 
Shreepal Doshi: Got it. And second question was on the credit cost side. So , while it has stayed broadly stable 
versus last quarter's credit cost. So , have we created any macro event related provisions and 
what will be the normalized levels for the rest of the year and for full year? 
Kamlesh Gandhi: I think a sort of buffer, yes, because if you see our standard asset, we have increased from 
0.65% to 0.7%, entailing close to INR6 crores to INR7 crores of higher impairment. And one 
of the reasons for the higher impairment is our higher on -book assets. If you see our on -book 
assets have increased by 8% whereas our overall AUM has increased by 5%. 
 So, when the asset remains on-book, we have to have a provision on that. Plus, the percentage 
of provision has also changed. So, we can say that we have a sort of a buffer in that kind. And 
as far as the trend is concerned, it can be anywhere between 1.25% to 1.75% as I shared 
earlier. And it is dependent on the product mix that constitutes the AUM from time-to-time 
because each product has different characteristics. 
 For example, commercial vehicle picking up will give me higher yields, but will have higher 
operational costs and higher credit costs. So, at the end of the day, what we give the guidance 
is that our assets will be so created which creates an ROAs anywhere between 2.75% to 
3.25%, the aspiration is to reach 3% plus. And we would monitor each and every asset on the 
yields it generates. So , this is how the quality and the credit costs will be managed and 
monitored. 
Moderator: The next question from the line of Sanjana Sivaram from DAM Capital. Please proceed. 
Sanjana Sivaram: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. And  congrats on a good set of numbers. I wanted to 
know on our housing subsidiary, what would be some things we are doing that could help us 
take the growth to the next level? I feel currently, we're still a little bit behind our guidance. 
So, what is something we’ll do? And at what kind of credit costs are we operating this book? 
Dhvanil Gandhi: Correct. So, yes, on the housing side, two things that, we have been working on is in execution 
is, one is how we can get the efficiencies up in our current distribution that we have and 
second is expanding the distribution. So, southern part of the country, especially Tamil Nadu, 
Karnataka are two areas which we are targeting starting from this quarter itself. 
 So, some of the planning has been done, and we are working on recruitment. Hopefully, we 
will start seeing some results coming from these geographies in Q3 and Q4. So , the adding 
distribution and also working on rationalization of TAT and improving the processes as well. 
 So, we are working hard that how we can get , better visibility by comparing ourselves to the 
peers as well that how we can move faster in terms of our overall processing. These are two-
three things that are at the top of the priority list in terms of changes to get the AUM growth a 
little more moving robustly. 
Sanjana Sivaram: Okay. 
[page 17]
  MAS Financial Services Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Dhvanil Gandhi: Our average yield will be closer to around 14%. 
Sanjana Sivaram: Sorry, I asked what would be the average credit cost on this book? 
Dhvanil Gandhi: Credit cost? Okay. Average credit cost is around 0.5%. 
Sanjana Sivaram: Okay. And just one more thing that now our off-book growth was slow this quarter, and we 
have fallen a bit under what our target mix is. So, was there something to call out this quarter 
and do we expect the off-book growth to also catch up from going forward this year? 
Dhvanil Gandhi: So, off-book is a form of liability for us, and it is dynamic in nature. So, if we get other lines of 
credit which are maybe better priced or better placed in terms of asset placement, we may 
choose those during the quarter. So , nothing much to read into the off -book percentage going 
down. That is for us normal course of business. And as new sanctions come in, new assets get 
ready, we will look at that also. Ankit also would like to comment on this. 
Ankit Jain: And so, the strategy remains same to keep the off-book at 20% to 25%, nothing changes. It is 
just that a quarter or year or whereby if there is at a better cost of liabilities available, we can 
take that first and then off-book later, just that. 
Sanjana Sivaram: Okay. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you.  Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Kamlesh Gandhi: So, thank you all for joining and spending your valuable time. As always and as shared earlier 
also that we remain committed to our guidance of growing anywhere between 20% to 25%, 
hopefully at the higher end of the spectrum, just doubling our AUM and profitability every 3 to 
4 years and majority through internal accruals. So , this will be a majority on nondilutive 
growth and we continue to pursue this. So , team MAS remains committed to its mission of 
excellence through endeavours. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 