
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
BARBEQUE-NATION HOSPITALITY LIMITED 
Registered & Corporate Office: “Saket Callipolis”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Doddakannalli Village, Varthur 
Hobli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru-560035, Karnataka, India. T: +91 80 69134900,  
E-mail: corporate@barbequenation.com,CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031 www.barbequenation.com 
 
Date: August 7, 2025 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 543283 
The Manager 
Listing & Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Symbol: BARBEQUE 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on July 31, 2025  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 , w e hereby 
enclose the transcript of Earn ings Conference Call held on Thursday, July 31, 2025 at 5:30 
PM (IST), post announcement of financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 
30, 2025. The audio recording of the said Earnings Conference Call along with the Transcript 
have been uploaded on the Company’s website at www.barbequenation.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
 
 
 
Nagamani C Y 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A27475 
 
Encl.: As above 
===== PAGE 2 =====
1 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
 
 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q1 FY2026 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
Kayum Dhanani :  Managing Director 
Rahul Agrawal :  Chief Executive Officer & Whole Time Director 
Amit V Betala :  Chief Financial Officer 
Bijay Sharma :  Head, Investor Relations  
 
 
 
  

===== PAGE 3 =====
           4, 2021 
2 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q1 FY2026 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Barbeque Nation’s Q1 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” 
on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bijay Sharma. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Bijay Sharma: Thank you, Anushka. Welcome everyone to Barbeque -Nation Hospitality Limited ’s Q1 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call. For today ’s call, I have with me Mr. Kayum Dhanani  – 
Managing Director; Mr. Rahul Agrawal – CEO and Whole Time Director; and Mr. Amit 
Betala – CFO. 
Before we begin the call, I would like to remind that some of the statements mentioned in 
today’s conference call may be forward -looking in nature, and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Kindly refer to earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
We will start the call with Mr. Kayum Dhanani sharing his perspective on overall demand 
scenario and key highlights for the quarter. This will be followed by detailed discussion on 
business and performance by Mr. Rahul Agrawal. Post that we will open the forum for a 
Q&A session. 
I will now hand over the conference to Mr. Kayum Dhanani. Thank you, and over to you, 
Sir. 
Kayum Dhanani: Good evening and thank you for joining us. 
This past quarter, we operated through a softer dine -out cycle, yet our resilient business 
model allowed us to maintain satisfactory performance. We added seven  new restaurants 
during the quarter, and remained firmly on track to achieve our network target of 300 - 325 
restaurants by FY27. We expect the pace of new ongoing opening to accelerate in the 
second half, moving from 4 - 5 per quarter last year to 7 - 10 per quarter. Our portfolio is 
strategically diversified across three business segments ; Barbeque Nation India, 
International, and Premium CDR. 
In India, while negative SSSG continues to weigh on revenue s, we have safeguarded 
profitability through tighter cost controls and continued investments in guest experience. 
We are right sizing our new restaurant ’s prototype to be 20% to 25% sm aller, which will 
reduce capital expenditure and protect unit economics. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
           4, 2021 
3 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q1 FY2026 
International remains a strong profit engine, with +23% restaurant operating margin. We 
plan to open four to six restaurants this year across the Middle East and Southeast Asia. 
Premium CDR is growing rapidly with 19% year -on-year revenue growth, mature 
restaurant margins of 20%, and an expanding presence in Delhi, Mumbai and Hyderabad. 
Dine-in remains the core of our business, accounting for 85% of revenues, and we continue 
to refresh the experience through culinary innovation, design upgrades and value -driven 
promotions.  
Delivery, which contributes 15% of our revenues, is seeing positive SSSG in Barbeque 
Nation delivery and Dum Safar Biryani , while UBQ is in the process of recovering from 
an impact due to brand repositioning across platforms. Across all three segments, we are 
prioritizing operational rigor and consistent guest engagement to improve same store sales 
growth as the cycle normalizes. 
In short, our  focus is clear : Deliver best-in-class guest experience s, grow network scale 
where unit economics are proven, build scalable brands and maintain industry -leading 
margins with strong cash flow generation.  
With a disciplined cost control, a sharper new rest aurant playbook, and a robust pipeline, 
we are confident in our ability to deliver sustainable growth and margin resilience on the 
path to 300 to 325 restaurants in FY27. 
Thank you. I would now like to hand over to Rahul to walk you through the operating 
performance in detail. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Kayum. Good evening, everyone. 
As highlighted earlier, we have resumed our focus on network expansion, opening seven 
new restaurants in the quarter, and remain committed to our target of 300 to 325 restaurants 
by FY27. Our current portfolio comprises of 236 restaurants, which includes 193 Barbeque 
Nation India restaurants, 11 international restaurants, and 32 premium CDR restaurants. 
During the quarter, we reported consolidated revenues of Rs. 297 crores, lowe r by 2.8% 
year-on-year, primarily due to negative SSSG of 3.4%. Gross margin for the quarter was 
67.7%, which was lower by 40 basis points versus Q1 FY25. We expect the gross margin 
to remain at around 68% on an annual basis. 
Pre-Ind AS restaurant operating margins were 11.5%, temporarily impacted by higher 
marketing spend, operating deleverage, and ramp -up of new restaurants. M atured 
restaurants reported pre -Ind AS restaurant operating margins of 13.3%.  Consolidated 
reported operating EBITDA margins for the quarter was Rs. 46 crores, with reported 
===== PAGE 5 =====
           4, 2021 
4 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q1 FY2026 
margins of 15.5%. Our adjusted operating EBITDA was Rs. 13.6 crores, with a margin of 
4.6%. 
Barbeque Nation India reported revenues of Rs. 229 crores, year -on-year decline of 7%, 
primarily due to negative SSSG of 5.2%. This business segment is currently facing short -
term SSSG challenges due to a softer dine-out cycle. While revenues were impacted, we 
maintained our focus on profitability through tighter cost controls in existing units, while 
we continue to invest in for future growth. 
We have redefined our new restaurant prototypes, enabling us to reduce capital expenditure 
and improve unit economics. We remain focused  on opening 20 to 25 Barbeque Nation 
restaurants annually to meet overall network targets. 
In our existing network of 193 restaurants, we continue to drive operational rigor to 
enhance guest experience through culinary offerings and guest engagement activities. 
During the quarter, we launched the ‘Kukkad Carnival’ Festival featuring 16 new chicken 
dishes and also expanded our menu variety by introducing 10 vegetarian and 10 non -
vegetarian starters across all restaurants. We also continued group -focused value 
promotions like ‘Sizzling 7@777’, which was very well rec eived. These initiatives help 
deliver value to our guests through engaging offerings and adding pocket-friendly prices. 
We also increased marketing spend by almost 1% of sales during the quarter, with a focus 
on driving volume growth. While this has a short-term impact on margins, we are confident 
that these investments will deliver results in the coming quarters, with operating leverage 
helping to restore margins. 
Barbeque Nation International recorded revenues of Rs. 26.3 crores, an increase of 10% 
year-on-year, supported by strong SSSG of 8.5%. Gross margin for the segment was 73%, 
and pre Ind AS restaurant operating margin was strong at 23%, while the matured 
restaurants deliver ed restaurant operating margins of over 27%. Built on strong 
foundations, this business has been consistently profitable over the last four years.  
During the quarter, we launched our second restaurant in Kuala Lumpur and entered 
Sharjah. With this experience, we are well positioned to further penetrate Middle East and 
Southeast Asia. We plan to open around five to six new restaurants this year, maintaining 
a network expansion growth rate of 30% plus, while focusing on same -store sales growth 
and operating discipline. 
Premium CDR recorded revenues of Rs. 43.1 crores, up by 19% year -on-year. Gross 
margin for the segment was 74%, while pre -Ind AS restaurant operating margin was 
14.5%. Margins were impacted due to yet -to-mature restaurants, while the matured 
network continued to deliver 20% restaurant operating margins. This business continues to 
===== PAGE 6 =====
           4, 2021 
5 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q1 FY2026 
expand rapidly, with two new restaurants added in Mumbai and Bangalore during the 
quarter. 
We plan to drive 30% network expansion growth by scaling Toscano in  Delhi, Mumbai, 
and Hyderabad, while also expanding Salt into additional metro markets. As we grow, we 
will sustain guest experience through continuous culinary and service innovations and 
preserve operating margins. 
We also completed the acquisition of 51 % stake in Omm Nom Nomm, which now has 
presence across six locations in Bangalore, and one more under fit-out. 
Our operating thesis remains unchanged: 
We will defend and refresh the core experience through culinary innovations, design 
upgrades, and service discipline to recover SSSG.  
We will grow the high -margin international business with a reputable playbook and 
attractive paybacks, ensuring expansion remains margin-attractive. 
We will thoughtfully scale up the Premium CDR business, leveraging mature restaurant 
performance of 20% plus and our success in new metros to build deeper penetrations. 
Thank you. With this, we can now open the session for Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Viraj from Enigma. Please proceed. 
Viraj Mehta: Hi Rahul. My first question is, we basically recorded a 5.2% negative SSSG on Barbeque 
India after recording an 8.8% negative SSSG in the same quarter last year. If I have to 
basically combine these two numbers, we are looking at almost a 13%  - 14% negative 
SSSG over a 24 -month period. That is alarming. No real outlet can survive that kind o f 
negative SSSG, and this is our major business. We can focus on other businesses, but this 
is doing very badly. What are we doing to arrest this degrowth? 
Rahul Agrawal: Hi Viraj. You are right about this, last year it was 8.8% and this time it is 5.2%. Like I 
mentioned in my opening remarks, we are continuing to focus on our guest experience. We 
are coming up with new food festivals and giving the guest offering variety in the store s 
and also coming up with value offers like I mentioned Sizzling 7@777. These initiatives 
are being undertaken across all the stores in our portfolio. 
Viraj Mehta: Okay. Because Rahul, my understanding was , whatever were the restaurants which were 
not doing well, which were recording negative SSSG, majority of them were closed last 
year. So, even after closing them over last 1 6-17 months, we are still recording negative 
===== PAGE 7 =====
           4, 2021 
6 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q1 FY2026 
SSSG presumably in the restaurants which are doing well. So, I am not able to understand 
it. 
Rahul Agrawal: No, the portfolio that we closed were largely loss -making restaurants. We do not close 
restaurants if they have negative SSSG. We close restaurants if they are bleeding, and we 
believe that the bleed will not come to a profitable number. I think at portfolio level, even 
though the restaurants that we have in Barbeque India are at 5.2% negative SSSG, the 
overall restaurant operating margin is close to around 10%. The closed restaurants were 
the ones which were not doing well, and which were bleeding money. 
Viraj Mehta: Okay. And my last question is when we look at the numbers of other, I would not say dine-
in restaurants or basically a QSR, they basically suffered negative SSSGs far later than us, 
and they are reviving far before us. So this quarter also, almost everybody reported positive 
SSSG, and it is out there in the public domain. But we are recording negative SSSG, even 
though we started diving in negative SSSG before them, and we are not recovering even 
after they are recovering. So, is this a business model problem? 
Rahul Agrawal: I think both businesses are different. We only have listed restaurant QSRs. The business 
model in terms of mix of dine -in, delivery is different. Therefore, it is very difficult to 
comment on how they have fared and how we have fared.  In our business, i f you look at 
this scale, the dine -in business definitely had some stress, which we  have reported, and 
which we are trying to recover through our guest experience and through our offers. Other 
than that, Viraj, very difficult to make a like-to-like comparison between QSRs and us. The 
mix of two segments are different , the price points are different. One is largely planned 
purchase, the other is impulse purchase. So very difficult to just make a like -to-like 
comparison between the two. 
Viraj Mehta: Right, Sir. The last thing , if the negative SSSG continues at this rate, you are seeing 
tremendous impact on your restaurant operating margins also, where they  are dropped for 
Barbeque India. If this continues, then it may be like really problematic. That is my only 
concern as a shareholder. Thank you so much. 
Rahul Agrawal: Yes, you are right about that, but if you look at the discipline that  the team has shown on 
the cost side, even though we have a long period of SSSG negative period, we have been 
able to at least sustain a good amount of restaurant operating margins and try to minimize 
the impact of operating deleverage. But I agree with you that in future the margin expansion 
will largely be driven by positive SSSG. 
Viraj Mehta: Is there any improvement in July you have seen or nothing? 
Rahul Agrawal: No, it is similar to Quarter 1 right now. 
Viraj Mehta: Okay, thank you. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
           4, 2021 
7 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q1 FY2026 
Rahul Agrawal: Viraj, July is slightly not also comparable because last year in July, the impact of Shravan 
started towards the end of July, but this year it started much earlier. So Q2 always is a lot 
of vegetarian days, which impacts the performance across months. 
Viraj Mehta: Sure. Thank you, Rahul. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Viraj. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhaval Dama from Enigma Small 
Opportunities Fund. Please proceed. 
Dhaval Dama: Hi, Rahul. Just continuing the same the question specifically on Barbeque India. Now, if 
you look at it, our average restaurant revenue has dropped down to roughly Rs. 5 crores 
per annum, what we have reported in our quarterly presentation also. And obviously, we 
have seen a tremendous decline in last three to four years in terms of the average revenue 
per restaurant. So basically, I first wanted to understand what is your take on this? 
 And second, like Sir, you mentioned that you are taking initiatives in terms of giving value 
offers to consumers, trying to enhance guest experience and everything. I guess that we 
have been trying that since the last 10 to 15 months. But do you feel that, we have seen any 
traction over there, or are we getting any benefits out of it? 
Rahul Agrawal: The numbers were minus 9% earlier, which is now around minus 5%.  On the ground, the 
effort that you can put is only on increasing your operational rigor. And that is what we are 
driving. I think, like we also said i n the previous call, out of th ese 193 restaurants, there 
are approximately 60-70 restaurants which are in positive territory. There are another 50 
restaurants which will be in a territory of minus 1% to minus 2%. And there are some 
which are driving in double-digits.  
And largely, South market is dragging overall. We are also seeing some stress in outlets 
which have high dependency on IT businesses. We are also seeing some stress on outlets 
where the competition is very high. There has been a response, we are seeing some drop in 
prices by competition as a number which does not sustain at a margin level. We are seeing 
some of these, and we are navigating through these challenges by just maintaining our 
operational rigor, our value offering,  and just increasing the overall guest experience 
elements. 
To some extent, we are also impacted by the service charge rule. Earlier, we used to charge 
5% service charge, which is now banned, and we do not charge that anymore. We have 
taken price hike. Normally, we used to take almost 1.5% to 2% price hike on annual basis. 
This quarter versus previous year first quarter, there is a negative impact of 0.5% because 
of service charge. That has marginally impacted our gross margin and is also reflected in 
our overall sales number. These are some of the factors we are grappling with right now. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
           4, 2021 
8 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q1 FY2026 
But as I said, we have also taken some efforts in order to increase the offerings and offers 
and also increase our efforts on marketing.  
In terms of team, we have further strengthened the operations team. We have recently hired 
a Chief Operating Officer just for Barbeque Nation India business. So, the focus across all 
the points that I am mentioning is just only doubling down on this business. Obviously, we 
realize that the o ther two businesses are doing good, and we  will continue to grow those 
businesses. B ut a lot of effort needs to go further on ensuring that the Barbeque India 
business comes back on track, and today, I think the big challenge is same store  growth, 
which will also further drive our margins. 
Dhaval Dama: Rahul, again, continuing on what you mentioned, that there would be quite a few stores, at 
least in South India, which would be seeing a double -digit drag currently on our SSSG. 
Basically, would it be fair to assume that those restaurants would be basically at somewhere 
close to breakeven today at an EBITDA level? 
Rahul Agrawal: No, in our entire South territory, we would be around mid single-digit EBITDA margin, at 
restaurant level. We are not losing money there. I think in that entire portfolio, restaurants 
which lose money will hardly be three or four. And like I said earlier, on annual basis, we 
will keep rebalancing the portfolio by closing one restaurant every quarter. But we do not 
have a problem of Barbeque India business from stores losing a lot of money. 
Dhaval Dama: So, just one last thing from my end.  I wanted to understand, what do you think , over the 
last five, six quarters, looking at the efforts that the team has been trying to make , at least 
in trying to enhance the guest experience, obviously, which has not resulted in the kind of 
footfalls that the team would have been anticipating. So, do you think that a menu revamp 
or something like that sort would be much better as compared to just focusing on guest 
experience enhancement? That is one last thing that I would want to understand. What was 
your thought process on that? 
Rahul Agrawal: Menu innovations are happening, like I mentioned about the ‘Kukkad Carnival’ Festival, I 
think our guest scores in that period was very high. If I look at our NPS scores between the 
start of the quarter versus end of the quarter, we have seen good improvements there. Some 
of these festivals that we are running, coupled with additional starters, all these initiatives 
are translating into good guest satisfaction scores and our NPS scores. Just that it has not 
led to some volume growth that we would have expected in the business. 
Dhaval Dama: Sure. Thanks a lot, Rahul. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Dhaval. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naitik Mutha from NV Alpha Fund. Please 
proceed. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
           4, 2021 
9 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q1 FY2026 
Naitik Mutha: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Sir, I just wanted to understand what exactly is leading 
to such high negative SSSG in the South portfolio? I mean, what exactly is going wrong in 
the South portfolio which is leading to such pressure on the SSSG? And if you could also 
give the number of stores that the portfolio has because it is weighing down our company 
level SSSG so heavily. So that would also be very helpful. 
Rahul Agrawal: In South, we have around 50 restaurants. And in South, if I look at the three large metro 
markets, of which the two large metro markets in Bangalore and Chennai, the competition 
players in the all-you-can-eat barbecue category are also among the highest.  
I would also like to mention that the competitive intensity has not increased as such,  in 
terms of the number of restaurants that competition had or we had. I am seeing that number 
to be at least stable . But overall, in these markets there is some larger stress than we  are 
seeing in some of the other markets. 
There is also a pressure on pricing in these markets , which is taking away some business. 
And especially in Bangalore, for example, the number of trade area, newer a -la-carte 
options that we are seeing is slightly higher than what we are noticing in some of the other 
trade areas that we are operating in like Delhi or Bombay. 
Naitik Mutha: Right. So, it is a combination of pricing pressure and competition. 
Rahul Agrawal: Yes. And also, there is some reduction in corporate business in South, South also depends 
a lot on the corporate business. We are seeing some of our weekday numbers being lower 
in South, which was always driven by corporate demand, which has been lower. 
Naitik Mutha: Is our competitors also facing sort of similar problem in terms of corporate demand being 
weak, etc., or it is just us, the issue? 
Rahul Agrawal: Our informal channel checks believe that they too are facing that, but obviously the 
numbers are not out in the public, so very difficult to comment on it. 
Naitik Mutha: Right. But this portfolio issue we have been facing since a couple of quarters, right? This 
is not a one, two or three quarter phenomena. So , I mean, how do we plan to change this 
again? 
Rahul Agrawal: The efforts taken in this market is pretty much similar to what we have done for pan India, 
just that I think on the pricing side these markets will see more aggressive offers than you 
will see in other parts of India. Apart from that, our focus on guest experience is one of the 
highest across all markets. 
Naitik Mutha: Right. Got it, sir. That’s it from my side. Thank you. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
           4, 2021 
10 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q1 FY2026 
Naitik Mutha: You are welcome. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investments. Please proceed. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand on the other expenses part 
of our P&L, so if I look at our standa lone, it is flat on a quarter -on-quarter basis. But if I 
look at on a consolidated basis, it has increased also . Is it because of our new restaurant 
opening, this has increased? Because I understand that the Rs. 70 crores or Rs. 78 crores, 
like we had done our cost reduction and it was going to be stable going forward. 
Rahul Agrawal: This has all come because of new store expansion. 
Madhur Rathi: Got it. And, sir, is there any additional possibility of reducing our cost on our businesses, 
like for the next three, four quarters? 
Rahul Agrawal: I think whatever cost reduction exercise that needs to be done, we have largely sort of done 
that. But we keep looking at our existing cost structure and keep evaluating that. But I think 
the focus today is largely revenues per restaurant, and that is why you will see we have 
increased our marketing spend by 1% of sales in the current quarter.  But on the structural 
side, I think we are fairly optimized in terms of operating this. Despite two years of 
sequential SSSG decline, we are still at double -digit restaurant operating margin in our 
core Barbeque India business. I think with SSSG recovery, the margins will be driven by 
that. 
Madhur Rathi: Got it. And sir, like what gives us the confidence, sir I am trying to understand this negative 
13%-14% SSSG that we  have experienced over the 24 months and our prices have been 
flat, so it is mostly volume growth has declined. So , is there an issue with our product 
market fit or something else ? And what gives us the conf idence that whenever spending 
resumes, we will be one of the beneficiaries of this uptrend? 
Rahul Agrawal: I do not think there is a product market fit problem. We stand for group dining, we stand 
for celebrations, our guest scores are very good. And some of the internal studies that we 
have done which looks at brand performance versus competition, our numbers are also very 
good. I do not think this is a product sort of problem. I understand that on a FY24 basis we 
are down from say 100% to 87%, 86%. But I think this is something that we understand 
well and this is something that we will keep investing on and keep getting better at. 
 I do not think there is something that needs to drastically change at the core offering. We 
will not change ou r experience offering, which is like grill . We also keep innovating on 
our product. We have added almost seven, eight new starter s in the menu, when we 
launched 10 plus 10 as offering. We have consistently been doing food festivals in the past. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
           4, 2021 
11 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q1 FY2026 
And we are also seeing that in our guest scores, but just that is not reflected back in our 
cover numbers. 
Madhur Rathi: Got it. Sir, do we have any idea, on ground, sir, whom are we losing these volumes to? Is 
it other restaurants, is it other buffet kind of store formats, or is it like something else other 
than this? 
Rahul Agrawal: No, overall, as a segment, the other players, they may have been in some trade areas, but 
we have not seen any trade area wherein we are struggling and similar format competition 
is thriving. In fact, we have seen certain trade areas where we are doing well, and we have 
seen competition exiting that market. I do not think it is a competition problem at all, at 
least in the same trade areas that we are working at. 
Madhur Rathi: Okay, good. So, it is basically some alternate form of eating out kind of where we are 
losing share, is that understanding correct? 
Rahul Agrawal: Yes, I would guess so, yes. 
Madhur Rathi: Okay, sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Madhur. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh from Avener Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Harsh: Hi team. Thanks for the opportunity. What would be the blended price hikes at the 
Barbeque India level on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Rahul Agrawal: The average realization in the company is lower by 0.5% versus last year. Like I mentioned 
in the previous comment, there is a discontinuation of service charge now. We used to 
charge 5% service charge. We have passed that in our overall blended pricing . But with 
the impact of various offers that keep running, we are lower by 0.5%. 
Harsh: Okay. But we mentioned that we have taken some price increases , so what would be that 
number, if you could share? 
Rahul Agrawal: We have taken around 4.5 %-5% of price hikes after we removed service charge. But the 
net realization on an average basis versus last year is still lower by around 0.5%. 
Harsh: Okay, got it. Thanks for that. And what would be our current debt levels ? And what debt 
levels do we project by the end of this year? 
Rahul Agrawal: We have around Rs. 50 crores net debt today. And by the end of the year, we will be in the 
range of around Rs. 80 crores to Rs. 90 crores. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
           4, 2021 
12 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q1 FY2026 
Harsh: Okay. Those are my two questions. Thank you. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish from AK Investments. Please 
proceed. 
Ashish: Thank you for taking my question. So, I just wanted to compare our Barbeque Nation India 
with the Premium CDR. So, I understand that the Premium CDR is a relatively small 
business with 32 sort of restaurants. But still, we see positive SSSG in Premium CDR. 
However, Barbeque Nation is having negative SSSG. So, can you please explain that? 
Rahul Agrawal: Both formats are different. One is all you can eat buffet concept, the other one is a-la-carte 
dining concept. In one concept you can choose how much you want  to order. In other 
concept, as you enter, there is a minimum pricing that you are charged. There is a difference 
in gross margin , t here is a difference in the location. I think with the Premium CDR 
business, these are located in high footfall sites which also drive a lot of impulse purchase. 
Barbeque Nation is largely located in destination sites. The impulse structure in both the 
places are different. I do not think it is actually fair to just compare both the profiles, like 
Barbeque Nation is present in close to 80 cities, the Premium CDR business we would be 
present in four, five cities right now. 
Ashish: Okay, understood. So just to extend it further, so even like if I see the gross margin, it has 
a good gross margin of 74%. So, I am just wondering like why cannot we focus on Premium 
CDR rather than focusing on Barbeque Nation India. I mean, I am not sure if that business 
model is sustainable, so can you please maybe throw some colors there? 
Rahul Agrawal: All three businesses are at different stages , we are focusing on all three, and we have 
separate teams driving all three businesses. In Barbeque India business, I would say the 
focus is among the highest, while unfortunately the numbers are not resulting the way it is. 
But we also realize that the impact on our overall numbers and our overall margins that we 
will get from a higher SSSG in Barbeque India business will be far higher at a consolidation 
level than the other two businesses. Again, I am no way saying that the focus in one or the 
other is divided. There are good competent teams to run all the three businesses. 
 In Premium CDR business, we have accelerated the growth. This is the first year when we 
will look at opening between 12 to 15 restaurants. We have a decent sort of pipeline. There 
are five restaurants under construction in this particular segment. So, overall, a base of 30 
restaurants, adding 14 to 15 restaurants will add to almost 40% network expansion for that 
base. And I think that is a good size which will help us t o also expand in a manner that 
does not compromise on any of the experiences of the guests that you want to do . I think 
that result is good, and over the period of next two to three years with the expansion that 
we are doing, I believe, that this will grow at upwards of 20% there. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
           4, 2021 
13 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q1 FY2026 
 Similarly, also for international business, in terms of business performance there is 10% 
year-on-year growth. This is after the fact that one of the sites was temporarily closed due 
to one incident in Abu Dhabi. That will start operating from early next month. That 
business also when we add around five to six restaurants on a base of 11 restaurants, it will 
give us around 40% incremental store counts. And we will continue to grow over the next 
three to four years at 20% plus. 
 The largest one now obviously is Barbeque India, which is undergoing a challenge in terms 
of SSSG, and that is where the focus is highest, because as we shift from SSSG negative 
to positive, the impact that we see will be far higher. I understand the last tw o years has 
been lower, we are obviously going through that. There are multiple efforts being taken 
across, some at larger levels, some at local market level. Some efforts have worked out for 
us, some efforts have not worked out for us. While I am seeing guest scores being looking 
better, we are still not seeing the volume numbers coming up. 
Ashish: Okay. Thank you. And last one. So, I think in the last quarterly call you mentioned like our 
corporate cost is around 6.5%. So, I mean, I am just wondering, is it shared across different 
formats? Or it is like different, we have different corporate structure, different employees, 
and all of that? 
Rahul Agrawal: The leadership level sits in Barbeque India business, and the number two i.e. some 
department heads sit in other businesses also. For example, in Premium CDR business, 
there is a separate HR Head for that business, but she would end up reporting to the CHRO 
of the group. So, those costs sit in Barbeque India business. 
Ashish: Okay. And g iven that we are targeting 30 -odd stores this year, so, I mean, what is your 
target in terms of corporate cost by end of this year? 
Rahul Agrawal: Overall increase on corporate costs, I do not see beyond single-digits. I think the percentage 
number will al so be a function of how we grow our revenues . But over a longer term, I 
think this number should not go beyond 5% to 6%. Historically, pre -COVID, these 
numbers have always been around 5% to 6%. 
Ashish: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Ashish. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshid Vohra, an Individual Investor. 
Please proceed. 
Harshid Vohra: What is the marketing expense as a percentage of revenue for Barbeque India? 
Rahul Agrawal: Just for our core dine-in business, it is around 3% right now. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
           4, 2021 
14 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q1 FY2026 
Harshid Vohra: So basically, I mean, I  am just wondering if the Barbeque brand is being starved of 
marketing and visibility. In fact, we are using the cash flows from the core Barbeque brand 
to expand into Toscano and Salt? We  will be using the cash flows from the existing 195 
restaurants in Barbeque Nation to expand into these other restaurants. 
Rahul Agrawal: I am not looking at this way. As a company we are generating operating cash flow, and 
then we are allocating that operating cash flow to grow our network, wherever we believe 
that the payback and the unit economics is better. If you look at our international business, 
that business is anyways generating operating cash of approximately Rs. 20 crores to Rs. 
23 crores, which is good enough to open around four to five restaurants. And based on the 
new expansion sites that we are getting, and if required, the gap between operating cash 
flow expansion is higher , we may sort of resort to a very small amount of debt . So that 
number is very low. 
 And similarly, in Premium CDR, I think whatever operating cash flows we are generating, 
they are investing back into the business. This year around, since the network expansion 
growth is almost 40% of existing base, there will be some shortfall, which will be either 
funded through debt or partly from Barbeque India.  But I do not think they are starved of 
cash because of which we are not investing in Barbeque India business. I think we are 
taking all the prudent calls in terms of investment returned on every penny that we  are 
investing, be it Capex or be it Opex.  
 Last year, we have seen, despi te negative SSSG, we have maintained our margins, which 
is very difficult in a high Opex business like ours. And we have done a lot of cost control 
sort of measures. I think the point that I am trying to make now is that the focus is largely 
on reviving the business growth in the core India business, wherein we are not shying away 
in making investments that are required, be it in the internal operating team, be it in 
marketing spends. So, that is setting up right now. But we are not in a position wherein we 
are starved of cash because of which we are not investing either in operating side or on the 
Capex side. 
Harshid Vohra: So, to be prudent, I mean, would not it be wiser to basically stop expanding until we solve 
the problems in our core business and stabilize, and then look at expanding? 
Rahul Agrawal: I think it is not that we are falling short in terms of our effort, not because of lack of time 
we are not a ble to get the SSSGs back. And because of which, we should focus more on 
existing business versus growing. No, I think we are large set up. There are different teams 
for different sort of work profiles. If you are entering into markets or trade areas where our 
customers are not served, I think it is right to penetrate further and grow our brands in those 
areas.  
 We are also obviously prudent in terms of not opening up stores just for the sake of store 
counts and cannibalizing our existing business . We have gone through that journey in the 
===== PAGE 16 =====
           4, 2021 
15 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q1 FY2026 
past, and we are prudent about that. And that is why in Barbeque India business yo u see 
expansions of around 20 stores in a year, which I think on a base of 200 we can do. And 
the balance 20 for the overall network target is coming from the other two divisions that 
we have, I think, grown and built very efficiently. 
Harshid Vohra: Okay, thank you, sir. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhaval Dama from Enigma Small 
Opportunities Fund. Please proceed. 
Dhaval Dama: Rahul, just a follow up. Basically, so all three businesses during the current quarter on a 
Y-o-Y basis have seen a decline on the average revenue per store during the quarter, per 
restaurant, during the quarter , if you look at it, on a Y-o-Y basis, be it your international 
business or your Premium CDR also, where the average  revenue on an annualized basis 
has declined during the current quarter as compared to last year. So basically, I was just 
asking, is it just because of dilution that is happening because of new store openings on at 
least Premium CDR or the international business or is that something more to it also? 
Rahul Agrawal: It is just a function of new store opening, and how they ramp up. For example, in our 
international business, you would remember we started Sri Lanka last quarter, and that has 
been ramping up absolutely well. In our existing portfolio, as you know, we did  not grow 
much in our international business for almost three years post COVID. And that is why all 
of these individual restaurants have reached to a particular scale.  
 As we are opening up new restaurants, with some of the new restaurants also we are right 
sizing ourselves. I think average revenue in this portfolio on a larger base of maybe 40-45 
restaurants, in my prediction will settle down at Rs. 8 crores to Rs. 9 crores. But again, that 
depends entirely on what sizes we do, what markets we do, what types we do, so very 
difficult to project. But otherwise, on the existing base, obviously, SSSG is 8.5%, so the 
existing numbers are looking very good in that market. 
Dhaval Dama: Okay, sure. Rahul, one last thing from my side. So just wanted to understand that, we have 
been trying to promote a lot to our customers in terms of guest experiences. So just wanted 
to know like say what percentage of our spends would be going towards the digital forms 
and what would be traditional? Or something on that sort, if you could give us some color 
on that would be helpful. 
Rahul Agrawal: Almost 80% would be on digital and the balance 20% would be on mediums like r adios 
and hoardings. We have not done mass market TV or something right now, but these are 
two channels that we spend money on. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
           4, 2021 
16 | Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q1 FY2026 
Dhaval Dama: Sure. Thanks a lot, Rahul. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, thank you members of 
the management. Thank you, everyone, for joining the conference call.  On behalf of 
Barbeque Nation’s Conference Call, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
      
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability and is not an exact verbatim record of the proceedings.  
 
 
For further information, please contact 
Bijay Sharma 
Head of Investor Relations 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
+91 080 6902 8721 
Investor@barbequenation.com 
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office:  
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
“Saket Callipolis ”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor,  
Doddakannalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Sarjapur Road,  
Bengaluru - 560035, Karnataka, India  
CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031  
Website: www.barbequenation.com   
 
 
Cautionary Statement:  This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but 
without limitation, statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to 
barbeque Nation’s future business developments and economic performance. While these forward -looking statements 
indicate our assessment and future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, 
uncertainties and other unknown factors could ca use actual developments and results to differ materially from our 
expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general market, macro -economic, governmental and 
regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest rates, competitiv e pressures, technological 
developments, changes in the financial conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other 
key factors that could affect our business and financial performance. Barbeque Nation  undertakes no obligatio n to 
publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances. 