
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
Date: November 17, 2025 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited,  
P.J. Tower, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
Maharashtra, India 
 
Scrip Code: 543283 
The Manager 
Listing & Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
Maharashtra, India 
 
Scrip Symbol: UFBL 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on November 11, 2025  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulations 30(6) and 46(2)(oa) read with Para A Part A of 
Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
we hereby enclose the transcript of Earn ings Conference Call held on T uesday, November 
11, 2025 at 5:30 PM (IST), post announcement of Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and six months ended September 30, 2025. The audio recording of the said Earnings 
Conference Call along with the Transcript have been uploaded on the Company’s website at 
www.barbequenation.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For United Foodbrands Limited 
(Formerly known as Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited) 
 
 
 
Nagamani C Y 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A27475 
 
Encl.: As above 
===== PAGE 2 =====
1 | United Foodbrands Limited 
 
 
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2026 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
Kayum Dhanani :  Managing Director 
Rahul Agrawal :  Chief Executive Officer & Whole Time Director 
Amit V Betala :  Chief Financial Officer 
Bijay Sharma :  Head, Investor Relations  
 
  

===== PAGE 3 =====
           4, 2021 
2 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to United Food brands Limited Q2 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need any 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bijay Sharma. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Bijay Sharma: Thank you. Welcome everyone to United Foodbrands  Limited Q2 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call.  For today's call, I have with me Mr. Kayum Dhanani  – Managing 
Director; Mr. Rahul Ag rawal – CEO and Whole -Time Director and Mr. Amit Betala  – 
CFO. 
We will begin the call with Mr. Kayum sharing his perspective on overall demand scenario 
and key highlights for the quarter. This will be followed by a detailed discussion on 
business performance and outlook by Mr. Rahul. Post that, we  will open the forum for a 
Q&A session. 
Before we begin the presentation, I would like to remind you that some of the statements 
made in today's conference call may be forward -looking in nature and may involve risks 
and uncertainties. Kindly refer to Earnings Presentation for a detailed disclaimer. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Kayum Dhanani. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Kayum Dhanani: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It is my pleasure to welcome you all to the Q2 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call of United Foodbrands Limited. 
While overall consumption demand remains subdued, we remain cautiously optimistic 
about our performance.  For the past few quarters, both the industry and our Dine-in 
segment have faced challenges with sluggish or negative Same Store Sales Growth (SSSG). 
During this period, we implemented several initiatives aimed at enhancing guest 
experience and driving footfalls, which have enabled us to outperform the industry. We are 
pleased to share that we are now witnessing an uptick in both Dine-in volumes and delivery 
transactions, resulting in a return to positive SSSG. Our Q2, SSSG stood at positive 0.8% 
excluding Navratri days, while for the 4-month period from July to October 2025, it was 
+0.3%, entirely driven by transaction growth.  
We are confident that improvement trend will continue, supporting our performance in the 
upcoming seasonal strong quarters. Our focus will remain on driving sustained volume 
===== PAGE 4 =====
           4, 2021 
3 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
growth across formats.  During the quarter, we reported revenues of approximately INR 
305 crores, a 2.6 % increase over Q1. Despite Q2 being a seasonally softer period and 
impacted by Navratri, gross margins were affected by lower reali zation from value-based 
group offers and the higher food costs associated with our month -long Khau Galli Food 
Festival. Nevertheless, we maintained strict cost control, discipline and achieved reduction 
in 6 % of the overhead costs within our B arbeque India business.  Our international 
operations continued to perform strongly, delivering 27% revenue growth and a sustaining 
20% restaurant operating margin in the mature portfolios. The  Premium Casual Dining 
segment also performed robustly, with 17 % year-on-year revenue growth. Mature store 
margins of around 20%, and achieved expansions into the new metro markets.  
We added 6 new restaurants during this quarter, taking our total network to 241 outlets. 
We remain on track to open 35 restaurants in FY26 and are firmly progressing towards our 
full FY27 target of 300+ restaurants. 
Thank you. And with that, I will now hand over to Rahul, who can take you through the 
operating performance in greater detail. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Kayum. Good evening, everyone. 
During the quarter, we added 6 new restaurants, taking our total portfolio to 241 
restaurants. This includes 195 B arbeque Nation India restaurants, 12 International 
Restaurants of B arbeque Nation and 34 Premium CDR outlets. Additionally, 15 new 
restaurants are currently under construction and we remain on track to open 35 new outlets 
in FY26. 
For the quarter, our Same-Store Sales Growth (SSSG) stood at 0.8%, excluding the impact 
of Navratri, which was not part of the base quarter. Over the 4-month period, July to 
October 2025, SSSG was 0.3%, driven entirely by approximately 4% transaction growth.  
We reported consolidated revenue of INR 305 crores, a 2.6% sequential increase, despite 
Quarter 2  being a seasonally weaker quarter. This reflects continued positive revenue 
momentum. Our Dine-in business grew by 1.6 % quarter-on-quarter, with approximately 
2% transaction growth over the 4-month period, while our delivery business grew 7 % 
sequentially, supported by 12% transaction growth during the same period. Gross margin 
for the quarter stood at 66.2%, down by about 150 basis points sequentially, primarily due 
to culinary initiatives and  value-driven group offers. We expect our consolidated gross 
margin to stabilize between 67%-68% range going forward. 
Pre Ind AS restaurant operating margin were 8.2 %, temporarily impacted by the softer 
gross margin, around 1.2 % increase in marketing spend , and ramp -up of new stores. 
Despite this, we maintained a strong cost discipline, achieving 1.3% year-on-year reduction 
===== PAGE 5 =====
           4, 2021 
4 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
in overhead costs in our consolidated business. Matured restaurants delivered around 9.6% 
pre Ind AS restaurant operating margins. Cons olidated reported EBITDA stood at INR 
37.7 crores, with 12.4% margin, while adjusted operating EBITDA was INR 3.3 crores, at 
1.1% margin. 
Barbeque Nation India business, revenue from India stood at INR 230 crores, 
approximately 0.5% quarter-on-quarter increase, with an SSSG for this segment being -1.1 
excluding Navratri, and around -1.6% for the 4-month period, even though the transaction 
grew by around 3.7 % in our India business. We maintained tight cost control across 
existing units, while continuing to i nvest for future growth. Marketing investments 
increased by about 1.2% of sales this quarter, with a focus on driving volume growth. While 
this temporarily impacts margins, we are confident that these investments, combined with 
operating leverage, will strengthen performance in upcoming quarters.  Operationally, we 
remain focused on enhancing guest experience through culinary innovations and 
engagement activities across all our restaurants.  
During the quarter, we enhanced focus ed on value-led campaigns such as Sizzling 7, Big 
Buffet, and Grill & Chill, which were well received by guests. These offers reinforced our 
value proposition while driving traffic. We also rolled out a deal module to promote value 
offers through our own app and website, leading to higher share of our direct digital sales.  
Our international business recorded a revenue of around INR 28 crores, representing 27% 
year-on-year growth, sup ported by a strong Same-Store Sales Growth of 8.4 %. Gross 
margin for the segment stood at 72 %, and pre  Ind AS restaurant operating margin was 
around 18%, with matured restaurants achieving 20% plus margin. We successfully opened 
our first restaurant in Riy adh, Saudi Arabia during the quarter, which was very well 
received by our guests. This experience positions us well to deepen our presence across the 
Middle East. We plan to open 4 -5 new restaurants in FY26, while maintaining focus on 
Same-Store Sales Growth and operational excellence.  
In our Premium CDR segment, we delivered a revenue of around INR 47.3 crores, up 17% 
year-on-year. Gross margin was 73%, and pre Ind AS restaurant operating margin stood at 
around 13%. While newer restaurants are still maturing, the established network continues 
to deliver 20% plus margins in this business. We added two new restaurants in Hyderabad 
during the quarter, and continue to expand the business. We target for 30% network growth 
in FY26 in the premium CDR segment. Our focus remains on scaling Toscano and Salt in 
new metro markets, while sustaining guest delight through continuous culinary and service 
innovations, and maintaining strong operating discipline. 
Our strategic focus remains unchanged. We will continue to strengthen the B arbeque 
Nation brand both in India and overseas through best -in-class guest experience, culinary 
innovations, curated value offerings, and tight cost management. We will also expand the 
===== PAGE 6 =====
           4, 2021 
5 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
Premium CDR business to build a robust portfolio of scalable brands that complement our 
core. 
Thank you. With that, we can now open the session for Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. We will 
proceed with the first question from Viraj Mehta from Enigma. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mehta: Yes. Hi, Rahul. My first question is regarding our India business margins. In spite of doing 
INR 5.6 crores revenue per quarter in Barbeque, our margins saw significant decline even 
at gross levels. So, can you alluded to a little bit, but what exactly do we want to do with 
that because, see, our growth is also not coming and now , we are compromising margins 
also for growth. In spite of that, growth is not coming. So, like I am a little confused what 
is the strategy? 
Rahul Agrawal: Hi, Viraj. If you look at our margins, our gross margins are down by approximately 2% 
point. And like we mentioned, there are two impacts here. One is the impact of higher food 
cost because of this food festival that we ran for a month. And on a percentage basis, there 
is almost 1% point impact, which has subsequently been removed from the numbers. If you 
look at October, 1% point has been recovered from gross margin.  The second impact is 
because of some of the campaigns that we ran, which promot es group offers like Sizzling 
7, Big Buffets. This has helped us to achieve transaction growth. In the 4 -month period, 
which is a like-to-like data between 2 different quarters. We are growing at around 3.7% 
on the transaction side. I think we are in a stage wherein we are investing some bit in terms 
of either gross margin or in terms of some marketing spend to ensure that we start getting 
back the traffic that we need.  Obviously, not that the industry is at its best, wherein there 
is a lot of other players who are really thriving. In that context, we will have to invest some 
amount to build this business. And we will see that traction coming in as this rolls over. 
Also, if you look at our overall margin performance, broadly between last year's Quarter 2 
and this ye ar's Quarter 2, we would have lost around INR 13-INR 14 crores of absolute 
number of gross margin, which is what we also lost in our overall India's operating margin. 
There has been a very strong cost discipline on our operating cost structures. It  is not that 
we are over -investing to get sales. But if you look at the current quarter, I  am actually 
extremely happy with the way, quarter-on-quarter, we have shown slight improvement in 
our traffic and also in our overall revenue. 
Viraj Mehta: Right. And we have now seen festive season go by in Diwali, in October  and you have 
shown a little bit that our SSSG is slightly positive for these 4 months put together. How 
do you see the traction?  Like from this quarter onwards, should we see a low single -digit 
kind of SSSG growth? And also, because last year's Q3 was a terrible quarter in terms of 
===== PAGE 7 =====
           4, 2021 
6 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
negative SSSG. So, it is a very low base that we are anyway starting with.  So, what are 
your thought process on that? 
Rahul Agrawal: Last year, Quarter 3 was around 2% negative. In this industry scenario, I don't think 2% is 
an extremely terrible scenario. But I respect that. Overall, as you see in the current 4-month 
period that we have given a flavor of, on the reported basis, the entire quarter is at -2, right. 
And on the 4-month basis, we are on positive territory. That is because October was up by 
approximately 6%-7% on same-store sales growth, on a consolidated basis. And our India 
business was also up by upwards of 5% in the month of October.  October has gone by 
November has just started. The momentum is continuing.  But Quarter 3  is very peculiar 
because a lot of business happens from around second, third week of December and 
continues till first week of January. We will have to wait and watch how that period spans 
out. But like I said, overall, there has been some good positive momentum. And I  am not 
comparing it with one month, part of the month. I think comparing for a period of 4 months 
and moving to a negative trajectory is a very, decent performance given the  way industry 
is right now. 
Viraj Mehta: Absolutely. And in terms of your CAPEX, because let us say, we do around 260-265 total 
restaurants end of the year. What is the total CAPEX, Rahul, you think we will end up 
spending this year? 
Rahul Agrawal: We plan for close to INR 125 crores in this financial year to meet our plan of around 35 
new restaurants. And this also includes some maintenance CAPEX, some renovation 
CAPEX that we do and some corporate CAPEX that we end up spending.  
Viraj Mehta: So, then your debt, because our cash flow will be in the region of INR 60-INR 80 crores. 
So, you will see a significant increase in your debt this year. That is correct? 
Rahul Agrawal: Yes. And that has already happened in the first half, because in the first half, the cash flow 
generation was lower given the margin got impacted. And as of the current date, also 
September end, we have borrowed additionally around INR 40 odd crores. The second half, 
given that this is also a seasonally stronger quarter and we are also seeing some positive 
momentum, the cash flow generation will be higher. And we expect that the gap between 
cash flow generations for the next 6 months versus the CAPEX requirement should not be 
more than INR 15 odd crores. 
Viraj Mehta: Sure. Thank you so much, Rahul and best of luck. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Viraj. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Milan Shah from Pravin Rathilal Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
           4, 2021 
7 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
Milan Shah: Thanks for the opport unity. I have two questions.  My first question is on Restaurant 
Operating Margin (ROM). Since Q3 FY25, there is a gradual decline in ROM, and it is 
down by 50% already. It is mentioned in the earnings presentation on page number 7 that 
ROM is impacted by l ower gross margin and higher marketing exp ense in  some new 
restaurant ramp-up. So, can you guide us from when any improvement in ROM is expected 
and any comments on marketing spend? Are you going to increase marketing expense or 
will be at the same level going forward? 
Rahul Agrawal: I think it is not correct to compare Quarter 3 of the business, which is the best quarter for 
us with Quarter 2 , which is seasonally one of the worst quarters for us.  The ri ght 
comparison would have been Quarter 2 of last year versus Quarter 2 of this financial year. 
There is definitely a drop of around 4% as we have reported on our ROM  (restaurant 
operating margin). And like we mentioned, out of this 4%, broadly, a couple of percentage 
points have impacted because of gross margin. Some part of it we have already seen coming 
back in the current quarters. And then, as I mentioned, we have increased our marketing 
spend by close to 1.2% and the balance has happened from new restaurant ramp-up. In the 
new restaurant ram p-up, categorically, we had some higher initial dampener in our 
Premium CDR business. I think directionally, all of these are moving in the right direction. 
I think gross margin impact is a short -term investment that we have made to increase 
momentum in ou r transaction growth. Marketing spend overall at a company level is 
approximately 3%. This is something that we will maintain at this level. I don't expect a 
reduction from 3% in the coming quarters. Also, not at a point of time when the core focus 
of the business is to drive transaction growth in the Company. New restaurant ramp-up is 
directionally okay. That is the way it happens. And this also will come back in our business. 
If you look at Quarter 3 of this financial year, you will obviously see improvem ent. And 
the right metrics to compare would be Quarter 3 of last year with Quarter 3 of this year. 
Milan Shah: Understood. My second question is on SSSG. On page number 4 in earnings presentation, 
it is mentioned that pre -Navratri, SSSG was 0.8% and for the entire quarter, it was 2.2% 
negative SSSG. So, is it the right understanding that this time base of Navratri has impacted 
the business that much heavily that entire quarter, SSSG turned negative? And any further 
explanation if you can give? 
Rahul Agrawal: You are right in that. At least our Barbeque Nation business is a predominantly non -veg-
heavy business. Our non-veg ratio is between 70%-75%. During those 9 days period, there 
is a drop in non-veg consumption. And the impact is specifically because of that. And that 
is the reason why we have also compared it to the 4-month period. So, that 4-month period 
versus last year 4-month period has actually no abnormality and covers pretty much every 
differences of the calendars that happen in the business. 
Milan Shah: Yes. That is from my side. Thank you all the best. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
           4, 2021 
8 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Milan. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: Rahul, in Q1, we were on a consolidated basis. SS SG was about -3%. And then over the 
last 4 months, after that, it  is closer to flattish. But then we had to sort of make certain 
investments or leave certain offers on the table for consumers, right? So, I wanted to check 
whether you see this as a structural t hing that has happened in business where consumers 
need additional value to sort of come back to the stores? And secondly, obviously, we will 
not be happy as a business, you may not be happy with this flat SS SG performance, and 
we would be targeting same in single digit type. So, do you foresee a need for further such 
investments in the format to sort of revive making a single digit kind of SSSG growth? So, 
that was the first question? 
Rahul Agrawal: On the margin front, if you look at Quarter 1, also we have started this group offers in Q1. 
And last quarter also, we had started to do some marketing investment. There is obviously 
a lag impact of that. At industry level, there  has been some positivity from the GST rate  
reductions, that has been impacting the business. I think on a gross margin level, like I 
mentioned in the opening remarks, the guidance for us is around 67 %-68% gross margin 
level. I think that is an achievable number and we don't need to go further down from that. 
Our format is a certain level of menu which can be delivered at this particular gross margin. 
Your second question was on SSSG. I think we  are definitely seeing good trend on the 4-
month basis. And there has been on a sequential basis a good improvement of around 4% 
points. We are frankly extremely happy about that. I  am extremely happy about the 
transaction growth that we are seeing. Like I said, October month has also delivered around 
mid-single digit. The momentum is there right now. And like I mentioned, we have to see 
how November -December pans out.  But the focus of the business would be to build 
transaction growth. Also in our format, in any of the restaurant of the formats, the operating 
leverage is very high, we might be sacrificing some bit of gross margin here.  But if we 
could deliver better sales growth from this to our consumer, the operating leverage impact 
will be more than the gross margin sacrifice that you will see here. I think we have seen 
good traction over the last 2 quarters and would definitely like to continue this. 
Devanshu Bansal: Actually Rahul, I got your point. But because you provided us SSSG numbers for 4 months, 
but you  have not provided o perating margin numbers for 4  months. So, maybe it  is 
becoming hard for us to correlate what you  are saying. But exactly my point was that if 
operating leverage would have been high, then gross margin obviously has been impacted. 
SSSG has seen a recovery. But there is a very strong im pact on the restaurant operating 
margin, at least for Q2 FY26. I don't have the number for 4 months. So, that was there. 
Anyways, second question, what I wanted to understand that you mentioned that from the 
difference between CAPEX and debt increase for t he year, it is about INR 15 odd crores. 
For H2, according to you, what is the margin improvement that you are sort of factoring in 
===== PAGE 10 =====
           4, 2021 
9 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
for such kind of outflow?  So, it definitely is indicating that you are expecting a healthy 
rebound in the margins because you said 125. So, that requires additional INR 75 crore of 
CAPEX and then you have to repay say INR 40 crores. So, you are expecting INR 110-
INR 120 crores of EBITDA. So, I just wanted some thought process there? 
Rahul Agrawal: On H2 basis which generally is a stronger quarter for the business, we are expecting around 
8% corporate level EBITDA margin, pre Ind AS. The numbers that we have discussed right 
now is based on that assumption. 
Devanshu Bansal: Fair enough, Rahul. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Rushabh from Pravin Ratilal Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Rushabh: The first question is on the number of restaurants that you have in Bangalore. So, can you 
just quantify the number of restaurants that you have in Bangalore and can you just split it 
between Barbeque and Premium CDR? 
Rahul Agrawal: We have around 20 of Barbeque Nations and for Premium CDR, we have around 15 in 
Bangalore. 
Rushabh: Out of the total restaurants that we have 240, we are having 20 plus 15.  So, around 35 
restaurants we are having in Bangalore itself, right? 
Rahul Agrawal: Right. 
Rushabh: So, just following up on that question, so we have a negative SSSG of 4.3%. Can you just 
give me a split between what is that number in South India and non-South that SSSG? 
Rahul Agrawal: I can't give you that split, but what I can tell you is South have been one of the struggling 
markets for us, but in the previous quarter, we have seen that South has also performed 
pretty much similar to how other regions in the country has performed. The impact that we 
saw on our revenue numbers, South India has reacted better to some of these offers. 
Rushabh: So, help me understand if I got you right. So, what you are trying to say is that the negative 
SSSG number is similar in South and non-South. Is that what you are trying to say? 
Rahul Agrawal: Yes. 
Rushabh: No, we were under the assumption that the rest of India actually started to do well. So, we 
obviously had a QSR report number some time ago and they said that we have an extreme 
problem in Bangalore . So, can you then just let me know what would be the SSSG in 
Bangalore particularly since we have 35 restaurants? 
===== PAGE 11 =====
           4, 2021 
10 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
Rahul Agrawal: I can't give you the specific number, our Premium CDR business has done an SSSG of 
around 5%, for the quarter and out of 34 restaurants, 15 are there only. That portfolio is 5% 
and Barbeque Nation portfolio is actually -4 for the entire quarter. Barbeque  Nation gets 
more impacted because of Navratri, but broadly, I think Bangalore, if I look at all 35 
restaurants, my sense is t hat we would be actually better than pan India because the 
Premium CDR portfolio has done better. 
Rushabh: So, just one more question , so from Q4 onward, can we start seeing positive same -store 
sales growth in the Barbeque India business? 
Rahul Agrawal: Like I said, the focus is, is on transaction growth, same -store sales growth. We are seeing 
some positive momentum.  We have seen that in the period during pre-Navratri. We are 
seeing that also in the month of October. We have seen that over the last 4-month period. 
I think that momentum is continuing. We will just build up on that. 
Rushabh: Got it. Thanks and all the best. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Rushabh. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Mathur Rathi: Sir, I am trying to understand that it has been now almost 3 years that is 12 quarters since 
our SSSG is negative. So, which is an achievement in itself, that on such a low base also, 
we are continuously clocking negative SS SG. So, it seems that we were already loss 
making on a net basis, but very soon, even in operating level, we will start making losses 
because in the second quarter, company is hardly broke even. The EBITDA was really INR 
3.3 crores. Sir, so I think there is something that the management is missing because there 
is no point in continuously opening new restaurants when your existing SSSG growth is 
negative for 12 quarters continuously. And on top of that, now I can see that we have a net 
debt on our balance sheet.  So, it is like there is already a fire and you go and start a n ew 
fire at some other place. So, that is what I think the other direction that the company is 
moving in. Please correct me if I am wrong. 
Rahul Agrawal: We don't see it obviously in that fashion. Yes, SSSG has been negative for quite some time. 
And the negative numbers in the current Financial Year, previous Financial Year is broadly 
in line with where the industry is. It is not exactly poles apart wherein the industry is really 
growing at a very han dsome number and we are behind. Obviously, the margin numbers 
in the current quarters are lower with a specific mindful thought process on where to invest 
money and where not to invest money. We have very thoughtfully invested in some of our 
consumer offers and campaigns. And we have also very thoughtfully spent some bit on the 
marketing spend. And that too continues to remain at a very lower end of the entire industry 
===== PAGE 12 =====
           4, 2021 
11 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
average spend on marketing. Similarly, on our overall portfolio, we have been very 
cautious about our cost control. I think in the current quarter, like I have been mentioning 
throughout, we are seeing some positive momentum in the consumption growth, which I  
am building. Yes, we did increase some of our debt as we have expanded our network base. 
But expanding network base and SSSG has two different things. SSSG is for specific trade 
area. And we have a separate team who develops stores and manages the new store that 
opens up till the time it  is integrated with the existing ops team. We obviously don't see 
this business on a one-quarter, one-year basis. We have been around for almost 2 decades 
now. And we have built a very strong business that we  are extremely proud of. I am very 
happy to see the current momentum that we are see ing in the business. And we hope that 
this will turn positive. 
Mathur Rathi: So, basically, to the best of my knowledge, the rest of the industry, at least the listed players, 
they turned SSSG positive 2 quarters back, whereas we are still clocking negativ e SSSG. 
So, do you believe that from Q2 was the bottom or there is still a few more quarters of 
negative SSSG growth remaining for us? 
Rahul Agrawal: I can't discuss on the performance of other listed players. It  is out in the public. Some 
brands have done positive, some brands have done negative.  There is no point discussing 
that. Obviously, there has been a negative trend till Quarter 1. And that trend also has been 
only plus minus 2%. A negative 2% number doesn't mean that there is fire all around. And 
more importantly, you have to see the trend, something will not turn positive immediately. 
There is a momentum that has built up. And what I have been trying to say till now is that 
whatever we have seen in last 4 months, we have been happy with that. Woul d you see -
2% turning into suddenly positive 10%?  That won't happen. I think there is a step up that 
keeps happening in the business. And I am very happy with the current momentum that is 
there. 
Mathur Rathi: Got it. So, when we try to think about this vol ume versus value strategies, when can we 
expect this reduced realization to reflect in volume numbers? Can it happen over the next 
2 quarters and we will start seeing some improvement on margins as well with operating 
leverage? Or how should we think about that? 
Rahul Agrawal: Like you said, SSSG is looking positive right now. May be better if we wait for one more 
quarter to see how these numbers pan out. I unfortunately don't have the MIS numbers of 
October in terms of profitability.  Sales numbers are quic ker to come. We have disclosed 
that. But I think with tight cost control, if sales turn higher, it will flow to bottom line. 
Mathur Rathi: Got it. Sir, I need a clarification, sir. In our last quarter's update, we had mentioned that we 
were doing 27% pre Ind AS EBITDA margin on the BBQ International business. But for 
this quarter, we mentioned that we are doing 20% margin on the B arbeque international 
business. So, is this figure correct or is there something I am missing out? 
===== PAGE 13 =====
           4, 2021 
12 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
Rahul Agrawal: It is higher than 20%. And secondly, Quarter 2 is seasonally one of the weakest quarters in 
our Middle East business. As temperatures gener ally rise higher in Quarter 2 a nd it also 
coincides with a lot of school vacations and vacations that normally people take  out from 
that region. To that extent, despite the fact that there is lower sales than average, we have 
seen our margins holding up to 20% plus we opened up our first restaurant in Riyadh during 
mid of the quarter, which has the initial period impact there . Otherwise, I think there  is 
nothing to worry about in our international business. It is solid and giving us good returns 
right now. 
Mathur Rathi: Got it. Sir, thank you so much and all the best. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Mathur. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Manjeet Buaria, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Manjeet Buaria: Hi. Rahul, I just wanted to understand the strategy on giving away some of a gross margin 
for transaction growth once more.  Because I recall about 18 or 24 months back, we had  
attempted pricing lower to pull through revenue. And then we realized, if I recall correctly, 
that is not a good strategy for us. Because the moment that discounts went away, the 
transactions fell off or the revenue fell off. But it seems this time, you are sort of seeing it 
differently. And I missed that initial part. It wasn't clear to me.  So, could you just go over 
that once more? What is the difference versus last time? 
Rahul Agrawal: You are right, Manjeet. Last time around, we did it blanket for the entire session. This time 
around, it is done differently. And some of these impacts have been reflecting in our 
transaction growth.  We are focusing a lot on larger group offers, which is the sizzling 
offers, which is driving higher volumes. We are giving slightly better pricing if the group 
sizes are larger. And to some extent, that also matches with our brand philosophy of the 
brand being a group Dine-in celebration-driven brand. So, it is not that we have reduced 
our pricing blanket at a company level. We  have done this change based on group offers 
and the share of group businesses in the business have gone up. To that extent, there is 
some pricing impact. 
Manjeet Buaria: So, what you are saying, Rahul, is last time when we tried this, it was more blanket and 
that didn't help, is it? 
Rahul Agrawal: Right. 
Manjeet Buaria: So, there was no transaction growth as well back then? 
Rahul Agrawal: No. I will cross-check. But even that time, I  am sure there was some transaction growth 
because in our business, pricing definitely moves transactions. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
           4, 2021 
13 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
Manjeet Buaria: But this time, it is limited to larger groups. So, there is a minimum throughput you get on 
the discount, is what you are saying? 
Rahul Agrawal: Yes. And plus, I also get larger volumes, which helps in the overall operating leverage also. 
Manjeet Buaria: Got it.  The next question, Rahul, was you mentioned that there were sort of enhanced 
marketing spends this time around. So, are they meaningful enough to call out as percent 
of revenue? What were they in this Q2 versus last Q2? 
Rahul Agrawal: Close to 1.2% higher of the percentage of sales. 
Manjeet Buaria: In Q2 versus Q2 last year? 
Rahul Agrawal: Yes. 
Manjeet Buaria: And this marketing mainly is like advertising and outdoor publicity or something or this is 
promotional expense? 
Rahul Agrawal: No, it is largely digital spend. A large part is on Meta and to some extent also on Google 
platforms. But a large part of this is digital. And around 20% you would see in local trade 
areas. In local trade areas, we might do some collaborations, some bus shelters, those kinds 
of branding. But it is very trade area specific. 
Manjeet Buaria: Got it. But it is all marketing. There is no promotional element within it on a price. Got it. 
So, that is one. As in something like discounts that would get netted off from our revenues? 
Rahul Agrawal: No. We only clock net revenues. So, there is no discounting as such. 
Manjeet Buaria: And the last question I had was my understanding, if I  am not wrong, is the difference 
between our restaurant margin and company level margin console basis about 7%, which 
would be our corporate overheads today? 
Rahul Agrawal: Right. 
Manjeet Buaria: But I think it is more loaded onto India and not split very relevantly between India and 
overseas, perhaps, or India, even within India on the Premium CDR, if it is in a separate 
entity. So, is that the right understanding whereas a lot of corporate overheads get loaded 
onto our BBQ India P&L? 
Rahul Agrawal: Not entirely, because every business has their own operating teams and also the backend 
teams. Just that the larger, the company level group CXOs, their cost sits in Barbeque India 
P&L. But apart from that, every other respective businesses have their respective heads.  
For example, our Premium CDR business have a respective head for human resource, who 
===== PAGE 15 =====
           4, 2021 
14 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
would end up reporting to the Chief People Officer of the group level. Only to that extent, 
otherwise there is clear distinction between these two businesses and the operating teams 
are separate. 
Manjeet Buaria: So, then the margin we see on BBQ India standalone is largely reflective of the correct 
overhead that business tariff? 
Rahul Agrawal: Largely, yes. 
Manjeet Buaria: Got it. And one last question, Rahul was in this obviously, you are taking a longer term 
view on the business. So, you will accelerate store openings when you see the opportunity, 
right. But is there an outside limit? Have you think about the debt you want on the balance 
sheet? Assuming that the demand environment remains soft and the cas h flows don't 
materialize as we think. So, is there an outside limit on debt you would want a s to which 
once you hit that, you will probably again slow down your store openings? 
Rahul Agrawal: In the current scenario, I don't see this beyond INR 100 crores. But it is very difficult for 
me to give you an outside limit.  It also depends on the operating environment, how the 
margins pan out. I think on a cash flow basis, if we revert back to our double digit EBITDA 
margins, which we have done for many years, an d on a larger base to generate INR 150 
crores of cash flow and the re is an opportunity to add more, I  think we will do that. And 
that call I think we can only take at that point of time. But on a short-term basis, we won't 
go beyond INR 15-INR 20 crores more than what we have currently. We would focus on, 
so for example, I have certain assumptions for the margins.  If the margins don't span out 
in the same fashion, I may decide to slow down. But very difficult to give that answer, but 
in our business the CAP EX cycle is by restaurant and that is also over a period of 3-4 
months. I would definitely not sort of take a short -term view, but would take a long -term 
view to build a stronger business. 
Manjeet Buaria: Perfect. I will come back in the queue, Rahul. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Manjeet. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Next question is from Santosh Singh, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Santhosh Singh: Yes. So, my question is at a very high level. As we know, we are not doing good for the 
last 3-4 years. So, have we done some analysis? What are we really missing, actually? That 
is my first question. Maybe you can answer that and then I can ask the other one? 
Rahul Agrawal: it is very open-ended that we are not doing good. We have to look at performance in context 
of the industry. SSSGs have been lower. And on an annual basis, SSSGs have been lower 
===== PAGE 16 =====
           4, 2021 
15 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
by, for example, last year around 3%. We are seeing some positive momentum.  We are 
only continuing to invest in our guest experience and trying to build that.  
Santhosh Singh: My second question is related to that. We are continuing to invest, but our base model is 
not in place. That is what I think, right. Maybe you can put some more color on the number 
of positive restaurants and negative restaurants you have. So, what is that contributing more 
until we have some proven model which is working, so why are we investing or have things 
in place first and then scale, basically, right? That is my second question? 
Rahul Agrawal: Obviously, the overall restaurant-level operating margin on a consolidated basis, or let us 
say for India business, which is one of the portfolios which has dragged the most , on an 
annual basis, last year was approximately 12% with  a blended average revenue per 
restaurant of around INR 5 odd crores. Even that number, we are broadly making around 
INR 60 lakh of operating EBITDA, at an overall portfolio level, despite the fact that there 
is some decline in SSSG margins. And on our current CAPEX model, we are at an average 
CAPEX of approximately INR 2.5 crores, which is translating into almost 4 years of 
payback period. And this is in a scenario when we  are looking at one of the worst time 
periods that I  have seen in my 8 years in the Company. I don't believe or agree that t his 
model is not working.  I think even in a subdued demand scenario, the model is working 
fine. We are continuously working on this to further improve our performance with some 
tweaks. We have also done changes whenever required to get out of some of the models 
which are not working. We have corrected our operating structure.  We keep working on 
our cost structures to see how we can deliver the same experience to the guest at a lower 
cost structure. We have resized our new restaurant openings. We have come up with new 
concepts and models. We have used a lot of tech processes in our company to make things 
more efficient. I am extremely positive, frankly, about B arbeque Nation brand, the same 
brand, the same offering which goes in India, the same offering which goes internationally, 
international despite we are running that for 9 years, is delivering 25% operating margin 
on an annual basis. I am actually very happy with this model and we are investing in this 
model. We obviously have some work on our hands. We have to keep worki ng on 
increasing our throughput. We also keep working on our margins. That is what we are 
doing and we continue to do that. 
Santhosh Singh: Yes, I understand that. That is what I was saying. What is really missing, right? Are we at 
that? If, like the overseas model is working better, we can scale in that area, right? Rather 
than, or something is not working, we can be more aggressive i n closing out those 
restaurants. But I think we have to be more focused on result. That is the point I wanted to 
highlight here. 
Rahul Agrawal: Noted. Obviously, we have done multiple things on multiple quarters. International 
business is growing at around 30% year -on-year basis. I think that is a good rate that I 
===== PAGE 17 =====
           4, 2021 
16 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
would like to maintain in terms of annual growth rate. India busine ss also, we have done 
multiple things that I mentioned in my previous comments. So, your point is well noted. 
Santhosh Singh: I think that is my qu estion. Maybe a last question. When can we see like a ggressive, 
positive EPS gener ating? That is my maybe las t question , r oughly, you can give some 
highlight on that? 
Rahul Agrawal: We are obviously focused on P&L. Like I said, the first priority is driving SS SG, which 
through operating leverage will help in  our margin also. We are going through a difficult 
industry timeline. And in that context, I think we should see improvements from here on. 
And we will know that in a few months about Quarter 3 and Quarter 4. 
Santhosh Singh: That is it from my side. And all the best for your future quarters. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Santosh. 
Santhosh Singh: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Sandeep from LKP Securities. Go ahead, please. 
Sandeep: My questions are answered. Thanks for asking. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Jay Vora, an Investor. Please go ahead. 
Jay Vora: Yes. Hi, Rahul. I just have a bit of a qualitative aspects over here. Like I see, I understand 
that we have been going through a rough patch and so on. So, do you think that we have 
kind of seen the worst of the scenario and also how has the competition been? Because I 
recall in one of the concalls, you were saying that some of the restaurants have vacated as 
well. So, basically, the competition intensity was  sort of coming down. That was the 
broader takeaway I could get, I think, a few concalls back.  So, can you throw some light 
on that? 
Rahul Agrawal: Unfortunately, there is no reported number by the competition. But in the business between 
last year and this year, have we seen increased competitive intensity?  The answer is no. I 
think we are focused on what we need to do and we are driving that. We have not seen any 
increase in competitive intensity, at least from the competition in the same all-you-can-eat 
buffet category restaurants. There is obviously a lot of new restaurants which keep coming 
up in our industry across various trade areas. And consumers do go and try those places. I 
think as a brand we have done this over 2 decades and we will continue to work towards 
that. Whatever initiatives we have taken in our operating model, in our structures, we are 
all driving towards that. In terms of your first question, is the worst over, look, I think the 
only point I am trying to say is, obviously, Quarter 2 is a difficult quarter. But we have 
navigated it quite well. I am also seeing some positive momentum in the initial days of the 
===== PAGE 18 =====
           4, 2021 
17 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
Quarter 3 numbers. I would be very cautiously optimistic to maintain that momentum, build 
this business , focus on getting more tr ansactions and more volumes in our restaurants , 
deliver that guest experience. And once that starts reflecting in our revenue numbers, with 
operating leverage, I think margins also flow down. I think as a team , the team here have 
shown tremendous strength on the operating cost control discipline. That I am not too 
worried about. So, whatever margins we have lost is actually in our control. COGS margin 
is in our control. Marketing spend is in our control.  I am very happy to at least see after 
quite a few qua rters of negative transaction growth, positive transaction growth 
momentum. And that is the only takeaway that I take from the last 4-5 months. 
Jay Vora: Right. And one last question is that you had said that once we start building momentum 
and that is where that trend sort of continues. So, I just wanted to understand, like, how 
many quarters of turnaround do you need to feel confident that now the cycle has turned 
around? 
Rahul Agrawal: I wish the answer was in my control. Currently we are focusing on transaction growth. We 
are seeing that momentum. We will focus and it will reflect on positive SSSG numbers. 
And we will make tactical tweaks to our offering, to our pricing, to our cost structures to 
ensure that we also deliver at least mid-teens restaurant operating margin at a consolidated 
level. That is our overall endeavor to reach there and then hopefully come back to around 
18%-20% that we used to do earlier. That is the target that we have in mind. But obviously, 
we have to climb it step by step in our business. Will it happen in 2 quarters? Will it happen 
in 4 quarters? I think only time will prove. 
Jay Vora: But in your assessment, this buffet and the concept that we have, that is not broken, right? 
You can think that it has value, especially in India. Because we can see from the numbers 
that the international business is doing well. But you don't see that this is like a structural 
problem in India, right? 
Rahul Agrawal: Absolutely not. At a price point of around INR 800, with unlimited offering, with unlimited 
protein-based diet, I think there is great value for our consumers. And this is holding up . 
When I talk about the transaction growth, the transaction growth is not just happening on 
delivery side, it is also happening on our Dine-in business. We have more walk -ins this 
year on the same -store basis than we had in the previous year . There is absolutely no 
question of this buffet-all-you-can-eat model being broken. If it is working fine in overseas 
market, where obviously the per capita income is far higher, it has to work in a value -
conscious market like ours. Also, the other data point is that this is a model of value which 
a lot of a-la-carte restaurants have also followed. A lot of a -la-carte restaurants who don't 
sort of see their business working so well during lunch on weekdays, revert back to buffet 
offerings to attract more guests. Consumers love this model. This has been happening for 
the last 20 years. And I don't see any shift in the attractiveness of this model.  In fact, my 
view is, yes, there are different India's in the country that we operate  in. They may not be 
===== PAGE 19 =====
           4, 2021 
18 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
a relevant brand for certain section of the consumer, but we are definitely at a general, 
certainly premium to mass market sort of segment, which is a larger segment, we are very 
relevant for that segment and offer a very attractive proposition. 
Jay Vora: Fine. Thanks for answering the question. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Jay. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have a follow -up question from Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: Yes, hi. Thanks for this. Rahul, just wanted to confirm. So, March 25, we were at INR 70 
crores debt. Now, we are at INR 120. So, were you mentioning that year-end we will be at 
140 or 90? INR 20 crore above INR 70 or INR 20 crore above current level of debt? 
Rahul Agrawal: I mentioned INR 15 odd crores over the current level of debt. But our net debt today is 
around INR 90 crores. I was more referring to a net debt number.  
Devanshu Bansal: Fair enough. And this INR 125 crores CAPEX is for the full year. And so obviously, from 
second half, you are expecting say, INR 50-INR 60 crore of ballpark, this is how the math 
is going, right? 
Rahul Agrawal: Yes. Also, on the CAPEX side, also note that whatever CAPEX we have done in the first 
half, the number of international restaurants and Premium CDR restaurants are higher. We 
opened 3 international restaurants in the first half, which are higher CAPEX. In the second 
half, given our current pipeline, we don't expect more than 1 or 2 international restaurants. 
To that extent, the CAPEX will come and also be lower. 
Devanshu Bansal: Fair enough. Great. Thanks for taking my question. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Devanshu. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. On 
behalf of United Food brands Limited, that concludes this conference call.  Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
      
 
 
 
 
 
===== PAGE 20 =====
           4, 2021 
19 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q2 FY2026 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability and is not a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
For further information, please contact 
Bijay Sharma 
Head of Investor Relations 
United Foodbrands Limited 
+91 080 6902 8721 
investors@unitedfoodbrands.in  
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office: 
United Foodbrands Limited 
“Saket Callipolis”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Doddakannalli Village, 
Varthur Hobli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru - 560035, Karnataka, India 
CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031 
Website: www.unitedfoodbrands.in  
 
 
Cautionary Statement:  This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but 
without limitation, statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to 
United Foodbrands’ future business developments and economic performance. While these forward -looking statements 
indicate our assessment and future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, 
uncertainties and other unknown factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our 
expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general market, macro -economic, governmental and 
regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures, technological 
developments, changes in the financial conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other 
key factors that could affect our business and financial performance. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly 
revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances. 