
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
Date: February 5, 2026 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited,  
P.J. Tower, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
Maharashtra, India 
 
Scrip Code: 543283 
The Manager 
Listing & Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
Maharashtra, India 
 
Scrip Symbol: UFBL 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on January 30, 2026 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulations 30(6) and 46(2)(oa) read with Para A of Part A of 
Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
we hereby enclose the transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on  Friday, January 30, 
2026 at 5: 00 PM (IST), post announcement of Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025. The audio recording of the said Earnings 
Conference Call along with the Transcript have been uploaded on the Company’s website at 
www.barbequenation.com. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For United Foodbrands Limited 
(Formerly known as Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited) 
 
 
 
Amit V Betala 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
===== PAGE 2 =====
1 | United Foodbrands Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
(Formerly known as Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited) 
 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2026 
 
January 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
Kayum Dhanani :  Managing Director 
Rahul Agrawal :  Chief Executive Officer & Whole Time Director 
Amit V Betala :  Chief Financial Officer 
Bijay Sharma :  Head - Investor Relations  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
           4, 2021 
2 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to United Foodbrands Limited Q3 FY2026 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing star, then zero on your touch -tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bijay Sharma. Thank you, and over to you, Mr.  
Sharma. 
Bijay Sharma: Thank you,  Rutuja. Welcome, everyone, to United Foodbrands Limited Q3 FY 2026 
Earnings Conference Call. For today's call, I have with me Mr. Kayum Dhanani, Managing 
Director; Mr. Rahul Agrawal, CEO & Whole-Time Director; and Mr. Amit V Betala, Chief 
Financial Officer. Before we begin the call, I would like to remind that some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward -looking in nature and may 
involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to our earnings presentation for a detailed 
disclaimer. 
We'll start the call with Mr. Kayum Dhanani sharing his perspective on overall demand 
and key highlights for the quarter.  This will be followed by a detailed discussion on 
business and performance by Mr. Rahul Agrawal. Post that, we'll open the forum f or a 
Q&A session. 
I will now hand over the conference to Mr. Kayum Dhanani. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Kayum Dhanani: Thank you. A very good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I take the pleasure in welcoming 
you to quarter 3 FY2026 conference call of United Foodbrands Limited.  
Quarter 3 FY2026 has been a defining quarter for the Company. We delivered highest ever 
quarterly revenue in our history, driven by record dine -in walk-ins across our restaurants. 
This performance reflects the strength of our brand, the relevance of our value proposition 
and the trust our guests place in us.  
We reported a Same-Store Sales Growth (SSSG) of 8.2%, driven by a combination of clear 
strategy, priorities and relentless execution disci plined by our teams. This performance is 
particularly encouraging as it has been delivered in a persistently soft demand environment, 
underscoring the resilience of our business model and the strength of our operating 
execution. 
 As an organization, we are  extremely well positioned to scale all three verticals of our 
business.  
===== PAGE 4 =====
           4, 2021 
3 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
The Barbeque Nation India business delivered strong year -on-year growth across both 
dine-in business and delivery business.  Overall revenue and SSSG growth were driven by 
strong year-on-year growth, dine-in volume growth of 25%. We continue to gain market 
share with growth coming from both new customer acquisition and repeat customers. New 
customer acquisition was particularly strong during the quarter, while repeat customer 
growth also accelerated. Importantly, the time gap between the repeat visits has reduced, 
indicating improving guest engagement, loyalty and brand stickiness.  
Our international business grew 47% year-on-year, supported by strong SSSG performance 
and new restaurant additions.  We added three new sites during the year, have additional 
sites under construction. We have successfully entered distinct high potential markets, and 
our focus now is on scaling Barbeque Nation in these markets and building a long -term 
platform for sustainable growth.  
Our Premium CDR segment also continued to strengthen. Penetration of Toscano and Salt 
brands increased as we expanded into new metro markets in India. We added 10 new 
restaurants over the last 12 months and have another five restaurants under  construction. 
The segment consistently delivered strong SSSG, driven by growth across both dine-in and 
delivery channels. Restaurant operating margins from the mature restaurants have 
consistently tracked above 20% across many quarters, reinforcing the st rength of the 
business model.  
We have systematically built a differentiated portfolio of in -house dine -in and delivery 
brands through disciplined execution and a consistent focus on superior guest experience, 
service quality and value leadership.  We remain fully committed to scaling each of these 
brands by delivering industry -leading margins and cash flow and building a sustainable 
high-quality growth platform for the long term.  
Thank you, and I will now hand over to Rahul to walk you through the performa nce in 
detail. 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Kayum. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us.  
Q3 has been a transformational quarter for our Company. We delivered our highest ever 
quarterly revenue, driven by record dine-in walk-ins, which is a powerful validation of our 
brand strength and value proposition. Achieving this performance in a challenging demand 
environment underscores the resilience of our business model and the quality of our 
execution. Most importantly, it reflects the exceptional commitment, discipline and 
execution excellence of our teams across the organization.  
The quarter was marked by strong Same-Store Sales Growth of 8.2% and operating 
revenues of INR377 crores, translating into a healthy revenue growth of 14.5% on a year-
on-year basis and 23.6% on a sequential basis.  Operating revenue growth for the quarter 
===== PAGE 5 =====
           4, 2021 
4 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
was healthy across all verticals with Barbeque Nation India growing at around 10.1%, 
Barbeque Nation International growing 4 7% and Premium CDR segment growing at 
19.7% on a year -on-year basis. This performance was led by robust transaction growth 
across both dine -in and delivery channels. We delivered approximately 26% growth in 
consolidated dine-in volumes and 29% growth in de livery transactions. Barbeque Nation 
India saw a strong recovery in dine -in segment, delivering 25% year -on-year growth in 
dine-in volumes.  
Consolidated gross profit during the quarter grew by 11.4% year-on-year and around 24% 
sequentially. Overall, gross profit margin improved by 20 basis points quarter-on-quarter. 
Pre-Ind AS restaurant operating profit recorded strong momentum, growing around 136% 
quarter-on-quarter and 8.7% on a year -on-year basis. Pre -Ind AS restaurant operating 
margin stood at 15.7% compared to around 16.5% in quarter 3 of last year, largely due to 
the impact of new store ramp-ups. Mature restaurants delivered higher margins and stable 
performance with pre-Ind AS restaurant operating margins of 17.2%, which was broadly 
consistent with 17.4% in quarter 3 FY '25. 
 During the quarter, we increased marketing investments in brand building and value -led 
campaigns with a clear focus on driving transaction growth. At the same time, we 
maintained a disciplined approach to cost management and sup ported by operating 
leverage, our overall overhead cost, which is excluding marketing, reduced by 2.1% of 
sales on a year-on-year basis. Consolidated report ed operating EBITDA for the quarter 
was INR68.2 crores with operating margins of 18.1%. This is excluding onetime impact of 
non-cash provision created due to implementation of new labo ur code. Our pre -Ind AS 
adjusted operating EBITDA was INR36.1 crores, growing at 6.5% on a year-on-year basis. 
 Our new restaurant expansion is on track. During the quarte r, we launched eight new 
restaurants, which is 21 new restaurants over nine-month period, taking the total portfolio 
to 249 restaurants. New restaurant expansion was broad -based across all three segments 
with 10 new restaurants added in Barbeque India, three new restaurants added in Barbeque 
International and eight new restaurants in Premium CDR segment. Coming to Barbeque 
India.  
Barbeque Nation India delivered revenues of INR288 crores with strong 10.1% year -on-
year growth and 25.3% sequential growth, ref lecting renewed momentum and 
strengthening customer traction. This growth was driven by strong SSSG of 8.3%, which 
in turn was led by robust transaction growth across both dine -in and delivery business. 
During the quarter, we created multiple food -led experiences and thematic dining events 
and launched targeted value campaigns to build demand during low throughput sessions.  
We saw strong growth in new customer acquisition alongside meaningful growth in repeat 
customers. Our guest engagement and loyalty dynamics have improved, leading to a 
decline in our average time gap between repeat visits. We structurally leveraged our digital 
===== PAGE 6 =====
           4, 2021 
5 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
ecosystem and significantly strengthened adoption of our advanced model through both 
app and web with 53% of overall dine -in transaction now rated through our own digital 
channels. Overall, pre -Ind AS restaurant operating margin stood at 14.6%, while the 
matured portfolio delivered higher margins of 16%, reflecting the aligned strength of our 
core business.  
 Moving to Barbeque N ation International.  Our Barbeque Nation International business 
recorded revenues of INR37.2 crores for the quarter, delivering 47% year-on-year growth, 
supported by robust network expansion and SSSG of 5.8%. Gross profit also grew year -
on-year by 47%, wit h gross margins remaining strong at around 75%. Despite an 
aggressive restaurant expansion, pre -Ind AS restaurant operating margin for the 
International segment remained strong at 23.1% with mature restaurants delivering 
operating margins of over 27%. We'll continue to build on this growth momentum through 
disciplined network expansion. During the year, we have launched three new restaurants. 
We have another three restaurants under construction in our international business and four 
additional locations are in advanced stages of discussion. As we enter newer geographies, 
we have done the foundational work of establishing our first restaurant in these markets, 
and our focus will now shift to scaling each of these distinct markets across the Middle 
East and Southeast Asia. 
 Moving to our Premium CDR business. We are well on track in increasing penetration of 
Toscano and Salt brands across additional metro markets. During the year, we have added 
eight new restaurants and another five restaurants under constructi on across key metro 
markets of Mumbai, Pune and Delhi. We are extremely encouraged by the guest feedback 
in these newer markets and strongly believe that our sustained focus on guest experience 
supported by continuous culinary and service innovations will enable us to build a strong 
and scalable Premium CDR franchise. The Premium CDR segment also delivered a strong 
year-on-year revenue growth of 19.7%, driven by exceptionally strong SSSG of 9.4%.  
Gross margin for the segment remained robust at 73%. While th e ramp -up of new 
restaurants impacted overall margin in the short term, the mature network portfolio 
delivered pre-Ind AS restaurant operating margin of 22%.  
 Our strategic focus remains unchanged. We'll continue to build Barbeque Nation brand in 
India an d internationally through best -in-category guest experience, strong value 
proposition and disciplined cost management. In parallel, we'll continue to scale our 
existing portfolio of high potential brands, building strong differentiated platforms for 
long-term growth. 
 Thank you. With this, we can open the session for Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Riddhe sh Gandhi from 
Discovery Capital. Please go ahead.  
===== PAGE 7 =====
           4, 2021 
6 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
Riddhesh Gandhi: Congratulations on great set of numbers. Just wanted to understand, we've had obviously 
a number of quarters of negative SSSG growth and this is first quarter with positive SSSG 
after a long time. Just wanted to know what is your comfort that this isn't some sort of an 
aberration and that it’s something we expect to continue going ahead in terms of the SSSG 
growth. And just wanted to understand what exactly in your view has driven this change 
to happen? 
Rahul Agrawal: I think what you are seeing today is obviously not one -off actions. There are a lot of 
multiple levers that has been created over the last several months. We have spoken about 
few of these in our previous calls and our quarterly updates. And to speak about a few of 
them, we have come out with g roup dining offers.  We have created various food 
experiences, we have come up with value -led campaigns, we have analyzed our business 
across various day -parts and segments and then have done targeted value campaigns for 
these low throughput sessions. We have improved our thro ughputs in some of these 
sessions. We have increased our engagement through app and web platforms . And some 
of these actions that have been taken internally have obviously led to transactions growth, 
that have led to higher bookings, very strong repeat beh avior, very strong digital 
engagement and obviously, great customer feedback scores. The focused execution on 
guest experience and value has been really amazing. And if I look at data more than one -
off, we have seen positive momentum over the period of last six months wherein we have 
seen improvement in transaction trend with all the structured initiatives in place. 
 I strongly believe that the SSSG improvement is sustainable. And the momentum that we 
are seeing should continue. Obviously, this has to be supported by the disciplined execution 
that we are continuing to do. And obviously, with operating leverage, things will look very 
differently in the business. 
Riddhesh Gandhi: No, but just to push on that, so is it a market thing? Are there some specific ac tivities we 
have done? Because look, after eight, nine quarters of negative growth, you can sort of 
expect there may be a quarter or so where you will have growth and again, we go back to 
being flattish. So, what is giving you like a comfort now that we should be able to achieve 
this going ahead? 
Rahul Agrawal: I think, you should be looking at last six-month period. If you remember, last quarter also, 
excluding the impact of Navratri, we were in positive territory. Last quarter, we also 
reported our number s for four months, and we distinctly mentioned that the month of 
October was looking positive in terms of S SSG by around 5%. In the entire quarter, we 
reported 8%. So, obviously, November and December has been better than October.  We 
are seeing this momentum continuing in the month of January. 
 If you're seeing something happening for a longer period of six, seven months, we are 
seeing sequential improvement in these metrics. And obviously, this is not something 
which is done across the industry. I th ink there are a lot of internal levers and internal 
===== PAGE 8 =====
           4, 2021 
7 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
intervention that has been made. I spoke about a few of them in my previous remarks. And 
those interventions are also reflecting into improvement in measurable operating metrics.  
That gives me confidence that this will continue. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: Rahul, congratulations on a great performance in Q3. Rahul, you did mention that the 
repeat period has been shortened and the feed back scores are also pretty high from 
consumers. I wanted to check if you could give us some reference of the past as and what 
was these data points earlier and what are we standing at currently will help us to better 
understand the change? 
Rahul Agrawal: I think, without getting into specific numbers, what I can tell you is that the time gap 
between repeat visits has improved by around 10%. If it was, say, 100 days earlier, now 
it's 90 days. And in terms of transactions, one thing that we have really unlocked is a set of 
new customers who seems to have also repeated extremely well over the period of last 
seven, eight months that we have made this intervention. That's the metric that I can share 
at this point of time. 
Devanshu Bansal: And on the feedback per spective, Rahul, any color that you can share from an NPS 
perspective or whatever you're tracking as in what all the new consumers are sort of 
suggesting because we just want some confidence as in, obviously, you have done good 
dining offers, food experien ces, etc, which has led to this pickup in transactions. So , we 
just need some confidence around the feedback that the consumers have had in this 
transaction so that we get some comfort on these people sort of coming b ack and back at 
Barbeque Nation? 
Rahul Agrawal: Our feedback mechanism and tracking this across approximately 200 stores of Barbeque 
Nation in India is very scientific. Broadly, we measure it through three angles. One is our 
in-house guest satisfaction index score. As you would recall, we call back 20% of guests 
every day across all restaurants, across all segments of sections of restaurants, across 
dayparts. And then very critically look at that metrics to ensure that the guest scores are 
high. And as you would recall, almost 95% of organizations variable pay is dependent on 
the guest scores. This metric is on upward trend. Secondly, we track our digital NPS score 
through some of the marketing agencies that work with us. Those scores are also trending 
up. And third is the rating which normally guest gives across the Google platform and the 
Zomato platform, which at a pan -India level across all restaurants have been pretty well. 
Earlier also, we were standing at anywhere around 4.4 to 4.5 and those levels are also being 
maintained.  
 The feedback taking process is very scientific. And all of these three metrics are on an 
upward trend for us. And this is not just this quarter. I think if you recall in the previous 
===== PAGE 9 =====
           4, 2021 
8 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
quarters also we mentioned about the fact that whatever scenario is, we are  continuing to 
manage our guest scores and we are seeing those improve. 
Devanshu Bansal: Great. And Rahul, obviously, this quarter has seen very strong trends. And typically, with 
word of mouth, the thing is that we see an upward moving trajectory, right? So obviously, 
if you can share some light in terms of how trends have been so far in Q4? Are they pretty 
much in line or they are still improving versus what we have delivered in Q3? That would 
also be very helpful to understand the next, say, next three quarters of your performance? 
Rahul Agrawal: Like I mentioned, January is almost coming to an end and the momentum that we saw in 
quarter 3 is continuing. I strongly feel that the business has structurally shifted one notch 
above. If you look at last quarte r's performance at a sustained basis, we are at close to a 
monthly run rate of INR125 crores, which translates to annual run rate of around INR1,500 
crores. There is obviously some seasonal impact of the business in quarter 3. But the way 
the business is moving now, I think on the next four quarters basis, we are at that level as 
a company. Also, if you look at the change that you will see in terms of growth, what was 
the growth between quarter 2 last year and quarter 3 last year versus quarter 2 this year and 
quarter 3 this year, you will see that there's a structural shift that has happened in the 
business. That was also minutely visible when you look at quarter 1 and quarter 2 last year 
versus quarter-on-quarter this year. And this difference is very star k in quarter 3 of this 
quarter. I think this momentum should continue. A lot of great interventions being done 
and good thing is that they are also impacting the measurable numbers across our entire 
business. 
Devanshu Bansal: Great. Sir, from a P&L perspec tive, obviously, your top line trend has been very robust. 
But from a P&L perspective, we noticed that we are also making certain investments, right? 
So, our gross margins are about 200, 250 bps lower. And then you also attributed some 
additional marketing spends that have gone behind particularly in Q3?  I wanted to check 
whether we can sort of move back towards that 67%, 68% gross margin in the coming 
quarters and whether these marketing spends were one -off and these are required in the 
business to sort of keep up the growth momentum? 
Rahul Agrawal: Thank you, Devanshu, for asking this. three points here. One, our guidance on gross margin 
remains unchanged at around 67% to 68% range. I know we are short of this in this quarter. 
But I think we strongly continue to see this as both achievable and sustainable. But at this 
stage, I think we are consciously making measured investments in our gross margin and 
marketing to rebuild our demand momentum to increase our traffic recovery and strengthen 
customer acq uisition to have as much transaction growth as possible. To be fair, 25% 
transaction growth is something that was really great, and that's continuing also in the 
current quarter. I would not change this at this moment. We would continue to make these 
measured investments across both gross margin and marketing. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
           4, 2021 
9 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
 You mentioned the marketing. I think, the current level of marketing spend is, I think, the 
new steady state for our business. I'm not seeing this as a temporary spike. I think this is a 
structural s tep-up. And also 3% of sales our marketing investment is very disciplined, 
targeted and also well below industry average. The investment is very focused on high ROI 
activities, which are leading to driving transaction growth, building traffic, how do you 
strengthen the brand relevance and all this. In the near term, I don't see that, that changing. 
Gross margin will slightly inch up. And with respect to overall margin, I think given the 
nature of our format, operating leverage is structurally high . While we see these gross 
margin investments to drive traffic, the operating leverage benefits of higher volume and 
sales growth are structurally more powerful than the near-term margin trade-off. We have 
seen this traction over the last two quarters. And our focus  will be to sustain this as we 
move forward. I think as revenue builds up, operating leverage naturally flows through 
margins. And the team in the past has demonstrated a very strong discipline on operating 
cost control which gives us confidence that the u nderlying structure of the business is 
strong and the margin levers like cost of goods sold or marketing investments remain well 
within our control. 
Devanshu Bansal: Fair enough. So obviously, you have indicated some color from a revenue perspective. Any 
color from EBITDA margin perspective? Because whatever basic projections that we have 
done, I guess, is 8% kind of a margin, EBITDA margin at the Company level pre-Ind AS 
is it doable or the operating leverage can help us even surpass that? 
Rahul Agrawal: Look, despite a very tough operating environment in FY '24 and '25, we have delivered 8% 
pre-Ind AS operating margin at corporate level . Which translates to approximately 14% 
pre-Ind AS restaurant operating margin. And if I further scale it down and remove  the 
impact of new stores, we were at 15% core restaurant operating margin. 
 In this quarter, that number of 15% is actually 17%. Just because of operating leverage, we 
may remain at that number in short term. But I think because of operating leverage and 
because of our cost initiatives, that 15% mature restaurant operating margin will move 
towards 17%. And once that happens, I think everything else will naturally flow down to 
overall margin. In the near term, I think the focus is clear, build transaction g rowth, drive 
revenue growth. and through operating leverage, move back to at least double -digit pre-
Ind AS corporate level EBITDA margin. 
Devanshu Bansal: Thank you, Rahul. All the best to the team. Once again congratulations on a great 
performance. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Naveen Trivedi from Motilal Oswal. 
Naveen Trivedi: Just a couple of questions on the growth side. You mentioned about the SSSG levels which 
we kind of reported this quarter looks that are sustainable. One, was the re any price hike 
===== PAGE 11 =====
           4, 2021 
10 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
which kind of build in the SSSG number? And how should we look at the pricing strategy 
for the coming quarters? 
Rahul Agrawal: No, there is no price hike at all in this quarter. In fact, there has been very targeted 
improvement in our thr oughput, which we have managed by looking at low throughput 
sessions. Effectively, in some manner, because of change in mix, we have seen effective 
realization being lower.  To further break this up, we have strengthened our weekday 
dayparts. We have streng thened our lunch businesses. That has led to a slight decline in 
overall pricing that has happened. The SSSG number that you're seeing is entirely coming 
through the volume growth. And while delivery volume growth is there and done in the 
past also, what I 'm really excited about is the dine -in volume growth that we have seen 
across all our businesses, and we have seen that strongest in Barbeque India business. 
Naveen Trivedi: So how much like Barbeque India transition growth were there for this quarter? And if you 
can also give us some sense about any specific market where we have seen more success 
than other markets? 
Rahul Agrawal: It's around 25% dine-in volume growth, when I say dine-in volume growth, this is number 
of walk-ins across all our restaurants.  And in terms of any specific markets, no, I think 
growth was very broad-based. There is no particular market that I can call out that was an 
outlier. I think all other markets have pretty much converged to the national performance 
trends. 
Naveen Trivedi: And any sort of divergence between the October, November, December just to get a sense 
about how has been our exit of the quarter, which gives us the confidence about the 
sustainability of these numbers for the rest of the coming of the quarter. So, any sense about 
the exit of the quarter and any little bit of flavor if you can share about the January month 
also? 
Rahul Agrawal: Two data points. One is, like I said, October was 5% SSSG, which you had mentioned in 
the previous quarter results. And this entire quarter was 8%. So, obviously, November and 
December were better. I can also say that October, November, December, we have seen 
sequential same -store cover growth, which is same -store volume growth at the entire 
portfolio level. 
Naveen Trivedi: Just one last question. At what SS SG level we should kind of keep the EBITDA margin 
expansion? I'm sure typically, we kind of see that 5%, 6% is typically a threshold level 
SSSG where after which we start seeing margin expansion. 8%, we're still not seeing that 
sort of a level. But I'm just trying to understand about how should we see the coming 
quarters margin trajectory at the Barbeque India level and the consol level also? 
===== PAGE 12 =====
           4, 2021 
11 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
Rahul Agrawal: Like I mentioned to the previous question, basically, there are three levers on your entire 
P&L. One is the gross margin, which is cost of goods sold. How can we control that? There 
are two variables. One is pricing and one is absolute cost of goods sold. 
 Over the period, absolute cost of goods sold actually declined. Prici ng would have just 
slightly also declined, which impacted our gross margin. Like I said, this is a measured 
investment that we are trying to do because the key focus is to build transaction growth. 
Just note aside, I think we didn't mention this earlier, b ut as a company, we have done 
highest ever number of covers walk -ins across all businesses. We have done highest in 
India. We have done highest international, also done highest in Premium CDR, that is one 
lever. The second lever is marketing investments , So, how do you invest in your brand 
campaigns, value campaigns and how do you distribute that across your consumers. And 
the third lever is largely fixed costs. That gets advantage from the operating leverage. We 
have seen that advantage coming across in th is quarter also. While there is an overall 
reduction in gross margin, there is an incremental investment in marketing. Our operating 
leverage impact was positive close to 2.2% on the entire business . And if you look at our 
numbers in detail, we have given a cut around mature restaurants and new restaurants. Our 
mature restaurants performance and margins were stable at 17.2% versus the last year 
number. 
 The point I'm trying to make is the focus on building transaction growth has led to operating 
leverage, which has led to managing the margins and obviously given us higher absolute 
operating profit. We obviously have been doing that for the last six, seven months now. 
And month-on-month or quarter-on-quarter, we are seeing improvement in some of these 
metrics. I don't think we want to disturb that. The only thing that we'll do is have absolute 
focus on further driving our volume growth.  And then I think given the nature of the 
Company and the industry, I think operating leverage will take care of itself and margins 
will come through. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Viraj Mehta from Enigma. 
Viraj Mehta: Rahul, congratulations for good set. Rahul, my first question is on restaurants. If you 
remember, end of last year and even in the first quarter, you had mentioned we should end 
the year at around 270, 275 restaurants. But given that we are only 249 now or end of 
December, that looks a tough task. Can you give a revised numbers for that? 
Rahul Agrawal: As of now, we have around 18 restaurants un der construction. I think out of these 18, we 
should be able to launch around 14, 15 in quarter 4. So, we should be able to close the year 
with around 265 . But frankly, these are just accounting dates . What I can tell you is that  
there's 249, which is operational. There is 18 under construction. That's 267. And we have 
a very strong pipeline of another 20 restaurants where we have either the commercial 
negotiation is finished. These are under legal diligence , or under project feasibility phase 
or in the design phase right now.  If I look at my overall visibility pipeline, restaurant 
===== PAGE 13 =====
           4, 2021 
12 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
number 287 is clearly visible to us. And I think in the entire year, we would be able to 
definitely cross 300 by end of next financial year. And that's the aim that we're looki ng 
towards. 
Viraj Mehta: Sure. Second is regarding the cash flow. Obviously, it's nine months, so we don't really get 
it. But if you can talk about what is the operating cash flow that we have got for nine 
months? And what is the capex that we have done, j ust to get a fair idea on where the 
balance sheet stands. 
Rahul Agrawal: Balance sheet remains strong. Our net debt, if you remember, last quarter was around 
INR90 crores. This has actually come down this quarter. We are around INR80 crores. 
There is a INR10 crores cash generation in the quarter, net of all the capex investments and 
all. H1 was very different . You have our numbers. H1, the margins were not great. We 
didn't generate enough cash flows, but we continue to invest in our new store opening 
because we could see the improvement trends in transaction volumes.  We could feel how 
the numbers are moving, we borrowed some money and invested back. 
 I think that trend has changed in this quarter. This quarter, we didn't need to borrow. As 
you remember, historically, we have always built stores by generating internal cash flows. 
I think we are reverting back to that right now. We obviously remain very excited about 
the potential of the brand across all the three segments.  And depending on the cash flow 
generation and the speed of good site that we get, we might go a bit more aggressive on 
the new store expansion. But overall, I don't see the net debt numbers sort of moving 
beyond INR100 crores in short term. If we really sort of increase this, I think that's maybe 
only because some of the sites are really good, and we don't want to say no to that. But in 
short term, I think I'll stick to INR100 crores guidance on the net debt number. 
Viraj Mehta: Right. And last on the discussion that we had in terms of some of the stores were not good 
enough or the locations were not and we were relocating to the smaller size. And I saw in 
the presentation that we have not closed a single store this quarter. So , is that now a fair 
assumption that we are like past that journey now and we probably are not going to like 
whatever closing of non -profitable or wrong stores or whatever you want to call that had 
to happen has now happened and that's past us? 
Rahul Agrawal: Yes. And in fact, we have been past that for quite some time now. Over the period of last 
four, five quarters, whatever we have closed was just being very prudent about the bottom 
number and closing that as it was loss -making. Today, also, in a larger p ortfolio of 250 
restaurants, we have some restaurants which are loss-making, maybe because they're new 
and maybe because there is some sort of structural change, it's bound to happen. But the 
losses in those are miniscule .  And with some minor intervention s, we have seen that in 
many cases where they have converted into profit making . I think, now going forward on 
a base of, say, 250, 300 restaurants, we might have on an overall basis, maybe two or three 
===== PAGE 14 =====
           4, 2021 
13 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
restaurants closure every year for various set of reasons, nothing structural there. But apart 
from that, I don't expect anything to close. 
Viraj Mehta: Right. Super. And one thing on the international part. If I look at the SS SG growth in our 
international business, over the last three, four quarters, that has just tapered down from 
high teens number to where it is today. Is it because now the stores have matured and our 
addition is lower and the base earlier was lower and now the base is now significant 
compared to earlier international business?  Like can you just make us understand is this 
now a sustainable SSSG and it might not go to where it was? 
Rahul Agrawal: First, growing at around 6% this quarter, on a base of maybe 8%, 9% in the previous quarter 
is actually very impressive. And these stores where you're seeing SSSG is actually on a set 
of 8 restaurants. And some of these stores have been around for almost seven, eight years. 
After that, they've been growing at this rate with a mix of both dine-in and delivery. I think, 
they have done a tremendous job at delivering the results. I think as an overall market and 
as overall international portfolio, as some of the new stores that we opened up matures, 
they will not take the burden of putting the entire portfolio SSSG at maybe mid  to high 
single-digit numbers. My sense is that the business should do anywhere between 5% to 7% 
SSSG. 
 And as long as they sustain it, I'm extremely happy because the margins there are extremely 
good. I think at such a small base of eight restaurants, I'm not so worried about SSSG right 
now. I think the focus there is to scale up.  I think over the period of last three years, the 
team has done a tremendous job in opening up some of the new markets for ourselves.  
Today, I think we understand specific countries in Southeast Asia and M iddle East. We 
have been there for almost two to three years. And we have gone through that phase of 
experimentation, piloting across multiple locations simultaneously . That was a very slow 
process. That was a process which took a lot of sort of effort.  But now we are in a phase 
wherein we'll just keep adding more and more in these markets. As things stand, my sense 
is that on a base of, say, 12 restaurants, three more will come by end of this year, and we'll 
close the year hopefully with 15. And then next year, given the situation, given the rental 
maybe transactions, I would definitely want to close it at anywhere between 23- 25 by end 
of next year. 
Viraj Mehta: Right. And as far as Barbeque India is concerned, and you had mentioned this, but I thought 
it was more on a company level, but the strong SSSG, obviously, for you continued in 
November and December. You're continuing to see that in January, even in Barbeque India. 
Is that correct? 
Rahul Agrawal: Yes, absolutely. So, Barbeque India is almost 75% of the portfolio . Our other two 
businesses have always been very strong. We had some stress in India, and we have been 
also figuring out and trying multiple stuff over the last two years. Obviously, some work, 
===== PAGE 15 =====
           4, 2021 
14 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
some didn't work. But I think today, we believe t hat we have figured out what works for 
us, and we have seen this working for us continuously over the last six, seven months. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Pritesh from Lucky Investment. 
Pritesh: Sir, just to start with, could you share the nine-month post-Ind AS EBITDA? I could see 
on your presentation the quarter 3, but what will be the nine months? 
Rahul Agrawal: It's around INR53 crores. 
Pritesh: INR53 crores. The other question is on the competition side, four quarters or six quarter s 
back, there was this whole comment on the players and the addition. So, any update there 
in terms of the competition? 
Rahul Agrawal: Not much, but the only comment I can make is that we have not seen the competitive 
intensity change. We have definitely not seen this to have increased. And I'm talking about 
all you can eat Barbeque category. Other than that, on general restaurant additions, we keep 
seeing new and new stores keep coming up in the trade areas that we operate in.  I think 
barring that, like I mentioned, a lot of internal levers has worked for us, and that has given 
us some momentum. 
Pritesh: Okay. The other question is on the 100 bookings that you get, what is now the cancellation 
rate? 
Rahul Agrawal: I won't be able to share that number, but directionally, it has come down over the last two, 
three quarters. 
Pritesh: The conversions have improved. And now in the revised restaurant operating model based 
on the smaller restaurants and maybe a slightly lower revenue per restaurant, what should 
be the revised restaurant operating margin at the matured portfolio level? And at a mature 
level should be the restaurant operating margin in your new model or in the revised model 
of business? 
Rahul Agrawal: We have delivered around 16% matured restaurant op erating margin. I'm talking about 
Barbeque India. At a group level, we have done around 17%. The endeavor is to increase 
it by 2 percentage points. 
Pritesh: I'm talking about India. So , if you look at your whole presentations, that used to be plus 
20% as your number. And now is it 18%? That's how I should read it in the revised model? 
Rahul Agrawal: Look, it's a step. I can wish for 16% currently going up to 21%, but my first target would 
be taking it to 18%. And obviously, after achieving that, we would not stop and we would 
endeavor to take it higher. 
===== PAGE 16 =====
           4, 2021 
15 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
Pritesh: And my last question is between the ROM, that is restaurant operating margin that you 
report at 17%, what will be now the corporate overhead line percentage? Earlier it's 5%? 
Rahul Agrawal: No, it was not 5%. I think it was always 6% plus. Currently, it stands at 6%  
Pritesh: With the revised marketing... 
Rahul Agrawal: Marketing doesn't sit here. Marketing sits on the store level. There's no marketing that is 
added at a back-end level. All marketing are part of restaurant operating margin for us. The 
back-end cost today sits at around 6%. I think back-end cost also is an area which will get 
benefit of the operating leverage. I think over a period of last one year, we've also 
strengthened our team. You would have seen the Chief Operating Officer joining. You see 
Chief Culinary Officer position, which was not in the Company now being created and 
joining. We are strengthening our other team members at a regional level. I think, most of 
these is done now, and they will have a normal growth rate of maybe late single digits. And 
this area will also see operating leverage. My endeavor would be to bring it down at least 
by 0.5 percentage point. 
Pritesh: What will be the nine-month restaurant operating margin? 
Rahul Agrawal: Maybe around 13 -odd percent. Quarter 1 was around 11.5%, quarter 2 was 8.2% and 
quarter 3 was around 16%. 
Pritesh: So, the fixed cost is about 6 to 6.5 percentage? 
Rahul Agrawal: On the revised base on numbers, we are at 6% today. Okay. If you compare H1 and quarter 
3 and add it up, you will get that same number, simple math. But if you look at the structural 
shift in the business and look from that perspective, different math. But the numbers are 
correct. 
Pritesh: Okay. And the cash conversion at the EBITDA, I'm assuming that the cash conversion will 
be almost 80%, 90%, right? 
Rahul Agrawal: Yes. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: Congrats on the recovery and good set of numbers. Sir, I wanted to understand how much 
of this SSSG growth during this quarter is from the value offers and the group offers that 
we have initiated over the past six months and how much is the organic one? And sir, this 
25% dine-in growth, this is on a quarter-on-quarter basis, right? 
Rahul Agrawal: No, this is year-on-year basis. 
Madhur Rathi: Okay. Got it. Sir, there has been some reduction in overall pricing. Is that true? 
===== PAGE 17 =====
           4, 2021 
16 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
Rahul Agrawal: No, it is not that simple. I think it's not that we have taken a blanket pricing decline across 
the entire Company. Like I mentioned, there are a lot of interventions being done. Some of 
these I've spoken about earlier. There are curated dine-in offers that has been created based 
on the data of groups. There has been sessions wherein our throughput was lower. We have 
come up with a different sort of pricing campaign in that market. We obviously have 
improved our interventions through our app and digital platforms. 
 I think, the overall growth that you are seeing is a mix of all of these levers that we have 
spoken about. In some markets, we have done curated food experience events, which has 
given us great results. So, it's a mix of both, all of these put together that we saw year-on-
year increase of around 25% in transaction growth. 
Madhur Rathi: Got it. And sir, this INR125 crores monthly run rate that we expect to maintain, sir, what 
kind of margin profile can we expect on this run rate? And wh at will it require for us to 
improve our margin profile as previously mentioned, sir, where does this INR125 number 
needs to go for us to achieve that 18% restaurant operating margin? 
Rahul Agrawal: There are three levers to this. The higher sales wou ld lead to higher operating leverage, 
which will flow through in margins . On a fixed cost base, there has been no difference 
between our cost structures in quarter 2 versus quarter 3 . But we have seen almost 25% 
jump in our revenue. What was around INR300 crores in quarter 2 is now around INR375 
crores in quarter 3.  And we see our operating margin moving up from 8.2% to 15.7% . 
Obviously, if sales goes up, this will flow through in our margins. I think all of these are 
known, all of these will definitely sort of happen in terms of structural flow-through. 
 Like I mentioned, the focus of the team inside is to keep working on some of these levers 
that we have created sharpen the focus on some of these levers, maybe try and find more 
structural levers that w e can intervene in the business to further increase our transaction 
growth and obviously maintain that discipline in cost and guest experience. I think, we 
have been doing that for quite some time. We'll continue to do that. And my strong belief 
is that margin will definitely be an end result of that. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Gopi Nanda Reddy from PNR Investments. 
Gopi Nanda Reddy: Sir, how is the South Indian market doing, sir? Is it improved along with the rest of the 
country? Or how is it going? 
Rahul Agrawal: In the recent past, the performance of South has meaningfully improved, and they are now 
broadly in line with other regions. I think some of the initiatives that we have taken in this 
market has worked really well. Historically, we have called out that South India is a slower 
performing region for us, but that's no longer the case. I think, like I said, they have now 
converged with the national performance trend. 
===== PAGE 18 =====
           4, 2021 
17 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
Gopi Nanda Reddy: Okay. Are we planning any expansions in South also sir, new store openings? 
Rahul Agrawal: Yes, we are looking at all across. For example, in Bangalore, we opened three. Chennai, 
we have two more coming up. In terms of our expansion strategy, we have a long list of 
around 100 trade areas for BBQ India and also for other brands that we manage. And then 
we keep working on these trade areas to find the best suitable site at the best suitable 
operating metrics . There are a lot of variables. There is size, there is rental, there is 
visibility, there i s a distance of the existing ones. And out of these 100 trade areas, 
whichever clicks first, I think we go ahead and do that. I think at a team level, we have 
capability to execute restaurants anywhere in the country irrespective of the number of 
restaurants in that region. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Manjeet Buaria from Saamya Advisors. 
Manjeet Buaria: I just wanted to touch upon the Premium CDR. In that format you've seen gross margin 
shrink by about 2% over the last 12 months. So, I just wanted to understand whether that's 
a volume-driven strategy which has led to that outcome? Or is it something else? Question 
one. The second question on Premium CDR was, out of 10 restaurants opened in the last 
12 months, could you give a split between Toscano and Salt? 
Rahul Agrawal: On gross margin, Manjeet, so there are two impacts that has led to this number. One is the 
impact of new store I think whenever you open a new store setting up understanding the 
menu mix that work in that particular mark et, there's a time lag for that . And that's why 
you always see that new restaurants are at slightly 2%, 3% lower gross margin in the 
Premium CDR segment. And as we understand customer profile, as we understand 
customer differences, we build our menu designs accordingly and we optimize on that. So 
that's one. 
 Secondly, specifically Premium CDR segment, the delivery transaction growth and 
delivery revenue growth has been far higher than the dine-in revenue growth. And delivery 
by design is slightly lower gro ss margin business. Mix of these two is what led to 
approximately 2% lower number on the gross margin on Premium CDR. In terms of mix 
between Toscano and Salt, out of around 10 restaurants that we opened, seven would be 
Toscano and three would be Salt. 
Manjeet Buaria: Got it. And just in terms of the new restaurants in the Premium CDR, I just want to let us 
know what percentage of the system ADS do they start with about how many months does 
it take or years does it take for them to reach a system level ADS in some sense? 
Rahul Agrawal: The range is very wide, Manjeet. Some markets has reacted extremely positively and have 
started with an ADS of as high as INR2 lakh. And some has reacted slowly and signed with 
an ADS of INR1 lakh. It also depends on the trade area, where you're in mall or not a mall 
and other factors . But range is approximately they settle down somewhere between as a 
===== PAGE 19 =====
           4, 2021 
18 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
starting number, close to INR1.3 lakh, INR1.4 lakh ADS, which translate to around INR40 
lakh of monthly business and then they slowly grow and build up. 
 And that's specifically true for both the brands. The brands actually rely on a large base of 
repeat customer base. And that has been one of the inherent strength of both these brands. 
It may take time in some of the newer markets that we're entering and the impact that you're 
seeing is at least in terms of margin is also because we're building ourselves in markets like 
Mumbai, Delhi, Pune for Salt. Pune for Toscano is built.  We're building in Pune for Salt. 
We are building Mumbai for Toscano. We have there restaurants operating now. We just 
opened the third one in Nariman Point in Mumbai and two more under construction, which 
will come on board soon.  soon Mumbai also, we will have five res taurant Toscano, and 
we'll start seeing it full effect. Similarly, we are building Delhi for Toscano. We have the 
first one operating. We have the second one coming in this quarter, and then we'll add 
more. 
 I think, as we penetrate these key metro markets  of India with both these brands, this will 
build extremely well. I'm actually very excited about the guest feedback that this segment 
has got. 
Manjeet Buaria: And last question is on Barbeque India, Rahul, the strategy which you are sort of pursuing 
in terms of getting higher footfalls, higher ticket, assuming for that strategy, we have to 
continue with the gross margin at where it is for, let's say, a couple of years. I just wanted 
to understand on the operating leverage piece which you explained what revenue per store 
basically can this go back to about 2 percentage points higher even if we assume gross 
margin expansion. So just trying to understand what scale we need to be for that purely 
operating leverage driven margin expansion? 
Rahul Agrawal: I understand that the current gross margin in Barbeque India business is lower than what 
we have seen in the past. But even at the current level of around 65% and maybe another 
15%, 20% of some of the direct cost that sort of impacts because of sales. So , every sale 
will lead to higher performance service charge that we pay to our employees and all this 
stuff. I think there's a clear 40%, 45% flow -through that happens in our business, if you 
want to add additional margin of 2%, there is a base impact of the denominator that comes 
in, you have to add, say, 3% overall. And then you have around 40% flow -through. So, 
maybe at 8%, 9% higher throughput from the current levels, will help us reach there. That's 
a broad sense. And that is why when I have been harping on the  point that, look, we are 
focusing on transactions. And once transaction happens, everything will come back.  
Obviously, we are also excited about the repeat rates in our business. Once we acquire new 
customers through transaction growth, this will give us a really long-term value base that 
we are building up in our business. And that is the most exciting part. My strong belief is 
that I have to worry about margins if the cost discipline is missing. I think over a very long 
===== PAGE 20 =====
           4, 2021 
19 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
period of time, the team here has proven that they have a very strong cost discipline. I think 
rest of the numbers are very simple math, Manjeet. 
Manjeet Buaria: I appreciate that. I think the value -led strategy always makes more sense, right, to cover 
margins or operating leverage. It just seems more sustainable, but thank you for your 
response. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Parag Shah from Metis Family Office. 
Parag Shah: Just wanted to check on two things. So, one comment that you made during the presentation 
was there will be an improvement in gross margins going forward. So , I wanted to check, 
can we go back to 68%, 69% or we are anywhere between the two numbers today?  And 
secondly, when you talk about an 18% corporate level margins, right, this quarter was 16%, 
but if you take nine months average, it is somewhere at 13%. So effectively talking about 
a 5 percentage point delta. So , if you can just give some waterfall path towards that. And 
I'm assuming this 18% was more on an annualized basis rather than a quarterly basis? 
Rahul Agrawal: One is we have to believe that H1 was different. And based on the efforts being taken for 
the last six, seven months, we have seen quarter 3 as a structural sort of shift. Quarter 3 
generally is also one of the better quarters. But when I say structural shift, what I like is the 
pace of improvement that normally happens between quarter 2 and quarter 3 is better this 
time around. And that is a very exciting part for me.  And that is why I'm calling it some 
sort of a structural shift that has happened in our business. Now referring to margins, you  
mentioned about gross margins. Yes, they are currently at a slightly subdued level than the 
past. And that's because we are making major investments in gross margin. The two levers 
of gross margin is one pricing that you command from your guest that will continue to 
remain there maybe for the next few quarters or we may change based on the data that we 
see almost on a daily basis in certain fashion. 
 The Company's system are geared to track every day's performance across dayparts, across 
session parts to the extent that we also try and drop a session level P&L to see whether this 
session is making sense for us from a P&L perspective or not. And all these data are real -
line, real-time based on cloud system, We'll keep doing that. And the second part to gross 
margin is cost, as we scale up, as we generally increase the volumes from our business, can 
we do more effective buying?  Can we find better ways of working through our menu 
design, can we work through better w ays in our supply chain. Some of these projects are 
already identified are work in progress. We have seen a very small improvement of 20 
basis points quarter-on-quarter. But directionally, I think, we should target to sort of reach 
67%. It may take longer than one or two quarters, but that's where the business direction 
is. And once you sort that and you build your transaction volume, I think 18% operating 
margin on a post-Ind AS basis is definitely achievable. And we have done that in quarter 
3. 
===== PAGE 21 =====
           4, 2021 
20 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
Parag Shah: Yes, I agree. The point comes to the fact that while we understand what you're trying to 
do, but if you can just guide towards absolute number, let's say 66% margin goes to 67%, 
68%, that gives you 100 to 150 bps of margin delta. And assuming the growth rate 
continues to be in double digit, that gives another 300 -odd bps delta. As you said, 45% of 
your revenue actually falls to EBITDA passthrough that you operate on, right? So, would 
that math be right? 
Rahul Agrawal: The direction is, frankly, very clear , build volumes, build sales. We have obviously lost 
some of these over a period of last 2.5 years. Come back to the numbers that we used to do 
in terms of transactions, get more new customers, from there drive more repeat business. 
And once that happens, I strongly believe that margins will automatically fall through. 
Parag Shah: Got it. Thank you so much for this Rahul. Wish you guys all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. With that, we 
conclude today's conference call on behalf of United Food brands Limited that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== PAGE 22 =====
           4, 2021 
21 | United Foodbrands Limited  
 
United Foodbrands Limited 
Earnings Call Transcript 
Q3 FY2026 
 
 Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability and is not a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
For further information, please contact 
Bijay Sharma 
Head of Investor Relations 
United Foodbrands Limited 
+91 080 6902 8721 
investors@unitedfoodbrands.in  
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office: 
United Foodbrands Limited 
“Saket Callipolis”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Doddakannalli Village, 
Varthur Hobli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru - 560035, Karnataka, India 
CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031 
Website: www.unitedfoodbrands.in  
 
 
Cautionary Statement:  This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but 
without limitation, statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to 
United Foodbrands’ future business developments and economic performance. While these forward -looking statements 
indicate our assessment and future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, 
uncertainties and other unknown factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our 
expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general market, macro -economic, governmental and 
regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures, technological 
developments, changes in the financial conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other 
key factors that could affect our business and financial performance. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly 
revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances. 