
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
                                          
                                           CIN: L55101WB1999PLC090672    Email : corporate@speciality.co.in  
Morya Land Mark – 1, 4th Floor, B-25, Veera Industrial Estate, Off New Link Road, Andheri (W), Mumbai 400 053 
 Tel. No. (022) 62686700 Website-www.speciality.co.in 
 
Registered Office: ‘Uniworth House’ 3A, Gurusaday Road, Kolkata – 700019. 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
 
To, 
General Manager, 
Listing Operations,  
BSE Limited,  
P.J. Tower, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code : 534425 
Vice President, 
Listing Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
'Exchange Plaza', Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Scrip Code : SPECIALITY 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Conference Call held for presenting the results for Q4 and Financial Year 
ended March 31, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Conference Call held on May 20, 2026 for presenting the results for Q4 and Financial Year 
ended March 31, 2026.  
 
This will also be hosted on Company’s website at www.speciality.co.in.  
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Speciality Restaurants Limited 
 
 
 
 
Avinash Kinhikar 
Company Secretary and Legal Head 
 
Encl.: As above 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Speciality Restaurants Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 20, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
            
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANJAN CHATTERJEE – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – SPECIALITY RESTAURANTS 
LIMITED 
 MR. AVIK CHATTERJEE – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SPECIALITY 
RESTAURANTS LIMITED 
 MR. RAJESH KUMAR MOHTA – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR, FINANCE AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– SPECIALITY RESTAURANTS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  MR. ASHUTOSH JOYTIRADITYA – ICICI SECURITIES 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Speciality Restaurants Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Specialty Restaurant Q4 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing s tar then zero 
on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashutosh Joytiraditya from ICICI Securities. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: Yes. Thank you, Julius. Hello, and good afternoon, everyone, present on the call. I, on behalf 
of ICICI Securities, welcome you on Specialty Restaurants Limited's Q4 FY '26 Earnings Call. 
I would like to thank the management to give this opportunity of hos ting the call.  From the 
management, we have with us Mr. Avik Chatterjee, Whole -Time Director and CEO; and Mr. 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta, Executive Director of Finance and CFO. 
I now hand the call over to the management for their opening remarks, post which we wil l 
open the floor for the Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: This is Rajesh Kumar Moh ta, CFO of Specialty Restaurants Limited. On behalf of the 
management, we welcome all the participants to the investors call of the company after the  
approval of the results for quarter 4 of FY '26 and financial year FY '26 by the Board of 
Directors and submission to the stock exchanges as per the LODR guidelines. 
I hereby present the quarter highlights for your ready information, though the investor 
presentations have been uploaded on the website of stock exchanges.  I'm happy to inform that 
for the last 19 quarters, company has been making consistent profits, and we have done a 
CAGR of 12.39% on revenues over the last 5 years with a CAGR of 11.16% on P AT for the 5 
years period. 
Revenues during the quarter have grown by 13.65% over the quarter of the last year, year -on-
year basis, with profit after tax increasing by 44.20%. The improvement in profitability is 
supported by same-store sales growth witnesse d during the quarter, which had been 2.25% in 
the quarter compared to the previous year. 
You would be happy to note that because of the efficiencies despite inflationary trends, the 
gross margins for the company have improved from 69.1% to 70.4%, which has  aided the 
improvement in the profitability. These were the few highlights which we wanted to bring to 
your reference. 
Now we leave it to yourself for the question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: Thank you. W e will now begin the question -and-answer session.  The first question comes 
from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Speciality Restaurants Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Madhur Rathi: Yes, Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand regarding this our Chinese or 
the Asian food segment. Sir, one of our competitors is getting Panda Express into India. So 
how are -- how should we look at it from a competitive intensity and market growth 
perspective going forward? 
Anjan Chatterjee: Yes. So this Anjan Chatterjee, I was not supposed to be in the call. Hello gentlemen, very good 
evening, and thank you for giving you a good time and valuable time , though. I would like to 
introduce my son, which you -- who's been handling these calls of late. 
 Just to keep all of you informed that he's been inducted.  He's been on a Whole-Time Director 
Post over a period of time. He's joined this company almost in 2014. Now he's been given the 
responsibility of leading the pack and becoming the CEO of the company. So here is Avik 
Chatterjee, who's going to be giving you answers now. Avik, over to you. 
Avik Chatterjee: So, thanks for your question. To have a response to Panda Express , actually, Mainland China 
and Panda Express are very different brand segments and categories. Panda Express is more of 
a fast QSR format, whereas Mainland China is a fine casual and Asia Kitchen comes to casual 
fun dining. Hence, we do not see any threat or loss of business due to Panda Express coming 
in. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, do we see the consumption pattern moving from casu al or fine dining towards these fast 
QSR restaurants because another competitor, Chinese Wok has raised a decent amount of 
funding. So I'm just trying to understand, can we move towards the fast QSR? Can we position 
ourselves towards a fast QSR segment goi ng forward? Or is consumption moving towards that 
segment? 
Avik Chatterjee: So while I appreciate your question, we actually  already have a digital QSR brand that we've 
been growing at a big pace. It's called Haka. And why we call it digital QSR because it's a 
delivery first brand. And so we have -- while understanding that our strength of the company 
are into Asian dominant, w hich is Oriental cuisine, for which we want to be dominating the 
Asian segment in all different categories. You'd be happy to hear that we've launched our 
premium Asian dining restaurant as well, which is Gong in Bandra. 
Right after Gong, comes in Mainland  China, which is our fine dining. Right under Mainland 
China comes a price point of Asia Kitchen, which is more casual fun dining and mainly 
located in high footfall  locations like mall s. And then we have Haka, which is a digital QSR, 
which is a delivery first model. 
So hence, what happens is because our knowledge of Asian cuisine and our strength is so 
much in so many years of experience being 35 years, we're utilizing all our capabilities to 
come and bring it into various categories of Asian dominance. He nce, we are having an Asian 
brand for every price point.  And going forward, we'll be doing the same cut copy paste 
expansion for our Asian brands. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir. So understood. Sir now what was the SSG for Q4 as well as for the full year FY '26? 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Speciality Restaurants Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: As I mentioned earlier, sir, the SSG for Q4 was 2.25%, and for the year round, it is 1.49%. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, now if we see the our other peers, they might not be like -to-like now, for example, this 
Barbeque Nation, they did 14% SSG in fourth quarter. So any reason why we are lagging on 
this parameter? And sir, what are we really doing to ramp up the SSG? And what is the SSG 
you are looking for in FY '27? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Just to inform yourself, in the month of April, we have an S SG of 11.57%. So effectively, the 
improvement has happened because of the increase in the dine-in covers across formats, across 
restaurants. So effort is on for increasing the dine -in revenues because delivery in any which 
way is growing for us. 
Anjan Chatterjee: Okay, I'll button here. One of the reasons that the SSG was slower because of the fact that our 
restaurants have not been renovated over a period of time. So what we have started doing it 
beginning starting from the Andheri West, then the Pune, now  Bangalore, etcetera, we are 
renovating, refurbishing it after almost 10 to 11 years. So everywhere we see the renovation 
and refreshment refreshing being done, we will see -- you will see an SSG growth. 
So going forward, like April onwards, we have around  4 of them in fold, which have been 
refreshed. As you know that Mainland China continues to be a formidable brand in the area of 
Oriental cuisine. It is for one single reason that it has not been growing to that extent because 
people were not necessarily v ery happy with the renovation that it had to come in terms of 
refreshment, which we have done this -- you will see in the coming quarters as it is -- he's 
already told you forward-looking, it is going to be double digit going forward. 
Madhur Rathi: Great, sir. That is really encouraging. And sir, so what is the kind of capex that we are looking 
for in FY '27 on these renovations and on new store openings? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: This would be INR40 crores. 
Madhur Rathi: Okay, sir. And sir, just an other question, sir, if we see our list of brands, brand -wise 
contribution, sir, then the -- like almost like the bottom, I can see 8 -- around 8 brands, they're 
hardly contributing like less than 10%. So is it really worth the effort? Sir, will it not be much 
better to focus on a few key brands and really push them in a big way? 
Avik Chatterjee: I think that's very rightly pointed out by yourself. So we've taken a call post the pandemic, 
which was a very tough time for us to pause all other brands without -- apart from the focus 
brands that we have. The focus brands currently remain to be Mainland China, Asia Kitchen, 
Haka, Gong, Siciliana, Walters and Sweet Bengal. 
These are our focuses for the company. Apart from this, all the other brands that we current ly 
have are all profitable units.  Hence, we would not like to shut them, but no further expansion 
of those units or brands would be taken forward for the -- as the strategy of the company for 
the upcoming years. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Speciality Restaurants Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Madhur Rathi: Understood, sir. Sir, and just a clarity, sir, now as far as home delivery is concerned, sir, so we 
can make the delivery from all our kitchens across all brands, like, for example, from 
Mainland China, can we deliver a Riyasat order or a Flame & Grill order from Mainland China 
kitchen? 
Avik Chatterjee: So what happens is because every cuisine requires different equipment and different 
manpower scale. Hence, from Mainland China, we can definitely and we have been delivering 
Asia Kitchen, Haka and Gong. And this is something that we will  be continuing in each store 
for any physical outlet brand that we can see.  We would have 4 different deliveries, but in the 
same cuisine. 
Madhur Rathi: Understood, sir. And sir, as far as the foreign this thing is concerned, sir, is the understanding 
correct that the franchisee -- I mean, we don't have to make any investment and the franchisee 
will pay 6% of the top line to us in terms of royalty? 
Avik Chatterjee: Yes, that's correct. 
Madhur Rathi: So in India, are there no takers for such a model on a franchisee basis wherein we don't have to 
make any investment? 
Avik Chatterjee: So there are takers, but we need strategic partnerships. In India, the kind of partnerships that 
we keep on looking for, we nee d skin in the game from the investor. Why? Because these are 
not robotic functions. These are manpower -related issues. And if someone does have the skill, 
know-how and passion to be running and experience, of course, to be running restaurants, that 
is a suitable partner for a long-term relationship. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, so whatever franchisees we have, like, for example, we have -- I understand 11 franchisees 
are there -- now we have like 7 franchises remaining. So all of them are giving us 6% of their 
revenue per month as royalty? 
Avik Chatterjee: That's correct. 
Madhur Rathi: Okay, sir. Understood. Sir, how should we look at the scalability of these brands? Because 
maybe prior to COVID, Asian cuisine was not so much focused. So how should we look at the 
scalability going forward over the next 3 to 5 years? 
Avik Chatterjee: We'd be continuing to -- for example, Asia Kitchen is the perfect mall fit. That means with the 
growth of malls of India, Asia Kitchen could look forward to grow as well. That's our strateg y 
for that brand. 
For Gong, we have found a premium Asian segment, which is double the average spend per 
cover of Mainland China. So what happens is our throughput is way higher and larger.  And so 
we'd be -- after -- we've just launched Gong in Bandra in M umbai, where next month, we'll be 
opening a Gong in Pune city, which is the second outlet of Gong in Pune City. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Speciality Restaurants Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
And the following month, we are going to be opening Gong in Delhi at Vasant Kunj. Hence 
what happens is alongside the flagship brands, we also have a premium brand that we can go 
for the premium neighborhood and metro cities. 
Madhur Rathi: Got it. Sir, so in terms of scalability, sir, can we scale Mainland China, Asia kitchen to 50 
restaurants over the maybe next 5 years? Is that a possibility or that is a far fetch number? 
Avik Chatterjee: Actually, we are very close to that number for the next 5 years. So  that's absolutely on our 
plan. 
Madhur Rathi: Got it. Sir, what was the price hike that we took during this year? 
Avik Chatterjee: Sorry? 
Madhur Rathi: Price hike? 
Anjan Chatterjee: Sorry, we are unable to hear you properly. Can you please. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, what was the pricing hike that we took during this year? 
Anjan Chatterjee: So I will take this up. As you know that we are going through a very bad patch in terms of the 
cost side, input costs have gone up tremendously, which starts from fuel, energy  and now that 
the freights will go up because of the petrol and diesel. So in spite of the fact that there is 
tremendous amount of headwinds, we've just taken a 4% price rise because of the reasons that 
we don't want to -- the customers also actually burde n, and we are in a discretionary spend 
area. 
So we are very, very carefully watching it because with the volume of 4% is mitigated, we are 
not wanting to earn any extra money at this point of time. The leader holds the price line.  So 
we continue to believe  in that right from the beginning, and we've not taken more than 4% at 
this point. 
Madhur Rathi: Got it. Sir, just final 2 questions from my end. Sir, what would be the average occupancy 
across our restaurants? And second thing was, sir, the Haka, the 3 st ores that we have for 
Haka, are the stand -alone cloud kitchen type of outlets? Or these are the ones that are 
integrated into our Asia kitchen or Mainland China outlets? 
Anjan Chatterjee: So it's a hybrid. During pandemic, we learned a lesson of our lifeti me because we had to work 
within our means and out of any kind of necessity is the mother of invention, and that's exactly 
what happened that we have large kitchens. So we started optimizing and sweating the assets 
and started putting a Haka, and of course , Oh! Calcutta cloud within all the kitchens of 
Mainland China. 
So you will see that almost 40% to 45% or maybe 50% now are -- wherever we are going, we 
are doing a Mainland China delivery, which is a part of the brick -and-mortar store. We are 
doing Haka and we are adding along with that at Oh! Calcutta. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Speciality Restaurants Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
So going forward, this is a combination of a model. So 50 and the rest almost are independent 
because the cloud kitchen model, as you know, Rebel, they have 5 to 6 brands -- major brands 
within one store area, that's the back of the store or the commissary. So it actually survives 
only when you have more than 3 to 4 brands in terms of store economics.  
So we have exactly done that. And you will be very happy to see that in spite of the fact that 
there have b een lots of ups and downs going in, but Haka is steadily growing, and we expect 
this to go to a very decent number in next 2 quarters. 
Madhur Rathi:  Okay. Sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Anjan Chatterjee:  Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashutosh Joytiraditya from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: Thank you sir, for the opportunity. So my first question is on the demand situation. I heard you 
that for the month of April, the SSSG was at around 11%, 11.5%. But like how is the situation 
maybe in May because it's almost now the month end, only 10 days are left. 
Why I'm asking this is that because we have seen that there has been some pressure on the 
consumer wallet now because of the anticipation of the inflation or the geopolitical 
uncertainties. So we have seen for some companies, not exactly for the dining or the QSR 
sector, but in general for the staples or the grocery retailers who have highlighted that there 
was some concern on t he spending side.  So anything which you want to highlight in this 
regard? 
Anjan Chatterjee: At the moment, we don't see that happening. We are obviously ready with our -- we fastened 
our seat belts. And we have got a few tactical promotions going on, which  actually soften the -
- ease the pockets of the consumer in the form of redemption coupons. We had done this 
during pandemic. 
So that's one thing.  We don't believe in too much of discounting, tactical discounts apart if 
there's a festival. But otherwise, we have -- we are fully ready with it. In fact, we are just about 
to start it by the end of this month, redemption coupons, which actually bring in more people. 
So very comfortably, if you're eating INR1,000 meal, we'll make it a little softer for y ou by 
giving a INR200 or INR150. And there are schemes of this kind, which is easy on their pocket. 
They can't redeem it when they're eating, but they have to come back. so that it becomes a little 
easy for their pockets. 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: Okay. Okay. Understood, sir. And second question, like you broadly touched upon that issue, 
the LPG thing. So just wanted to understand like how is the availability and there are like other 
peers or maybe in the other industries, maybe like the bakery or t he biscuit industry, the 
manufacturers are actually looking to shift to other sources of fuel alternative sources.  So like 
how are you managing the fuel supply at the kitchens? 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Speciality Restaurants Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Anjan Chatterjee: Okay. Very good question, and that's the one which is actuall y keeping us busy. We are all in 
the cockpit. We started on the 4th of March. This particular -- because of a bit of a peripheral 
vision that we have, we started this journey, and we had an emergency meeting ERT, that's 
Emergency Response Team that we have. During pandemic, we formed it. 
And we sat together to work around the fact that tomorrow, there will be no LPG, there will be 
no PNG and there should be CNG apart, we don't use it. So we started simulating a situation 
that, okay, because we have in our 3 2 years of life – meaning life cycle of the organization, 
we've seen -- we have grown up seeing ups and downs , but like pandemic was out of the 
syllabus, this is another one which is completely out of the syllabus, and this seems to be a 
worse one. 
So here, we sat together, and we understood that we have to do incubation of getting another 
source of energy, which will actually sustain us. The show must go on.  So thanks to the team 
of my chefs, they worked very hard, and we started importing at that point  of time, wok-based 
inductions. 
Usually, people have a perception that woks cannot be used on the induction, but we had 
already simulated this over a period of time in some of the cloud kitchens, which -- where we 
did not get enough the gas permission from th e fire department. So these clouds were running 
successfully. We had done that experiment. We again did this abuse tested it by the time we 
call around 300 of these sets coming in from China, one after the other. 
As you know, we are a debt -free company. So  such expenditure doesn't change, and we 
believe in keeping our standards very high. The question on the table was the show must go 
on. So as we talk, 78% of our whole restaurant chain that includes the new restaurant chain 
called Siciliana, that's Italian  is now not run by fuel, which is -- we are dependent on the 
international community where the honorable Prime Minister has been saying that there will be 
cuts. And of course, from 1 -- 2 bars to 1 bar, PNG has also gone. 
We knew this is coming. And today being the biggest possible uncertain time ever come in the 
history of the world. The world order is changing. So we are prepared to 78%. We are going to 
100% in exactly 20 days. So we are fully prepared to ensure that the show must go on. 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: Okay. Understood. Understood, sir. Very clear. And just a personal remarks, sir, from my end, 
like I'm a frequent visitor of Siciliana, and I must say that the ambience and the food is like it's 
really excellent. And thank you and all the best, sir. 
Anjan Chatterjee: Thank you so very much for your time. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from Counter Cyclical PMS.  
Please go ahead. 
Gunit Singh: Hi, sir. Thank you for this opportunity . Pardon me if I ask somethin g which you have already 
mentioned because I missed the starting part. So I want to understand what percentage of our 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Speciality Restaurants Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
stores currently are fully mature stores wherein they have reached the peak, say, revenue 
potential? 
Anjan Chatterjee: Sir, can you repeat your question, please? 
Gunit Singh: So what percentage of the stores currently out of the total resto that we have are fully mature in 
terms of revenue potential or restaurant potential? 
Anjan Chatterjee: Yes. Mr. Mohta will take this one. 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Sir, except for the openings during the year, rest are all mature stores for us because we look at 
the breakeven between 4 to 6 months of the restaurant. 
Gunit Singh: Got it. So can you help me understand for the top priority brands that we have, you mentioned 
a few like Mainland China, Asia Kitchen, Walters, Siciliana and Haka. So can you help me 
understand the revenue per restaurant for these top brands and say, the EBITDA per store 
before lease and the general lease payments for these top 5, 6 brand s and the capex per store, 
these metrics? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Yes. To answer that, let's say, for instance, we are on the process of taking a square foot of 
around 2,500 to 3,000 square feet maximum for these brands, excepting where Gong, where 
we -- which is a high-end brand, like Mr. Avik mentioned, those could be around 6,000, 6,500 
square feet. 
 But on an average, when it is 2,500 to 3,000, we look forward for a revenue between INR8 
crores to INR9 crores in a year with an EBITDA of 22% on a restaurant b asis. Thereafter, we 
take -- and the rentals are primarily at 21% for those restaurants when we are into malls where 
we have revenue share and minimum guarantee. 
Gunit Singh: Got it. So you're saying that the rental per store is 21% of the revenue per store? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: It can -- generally an average when we talk in terms of, let's say, 20% could be the one on an 
average basis because the revenue share triggers at 17%, 18%, which with GST comes to 
around 20%, 21%. 
Gunit Singh: Okay. So basically, 20% of the revenue per restaurant is the rental cost? So post rental, so what 
is the operating profit per restaurant? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: So we get 15%, sir. 
Gunit Singh: Okay. Post rental. So 15% is the post rental EBITDA per restaurant? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Correct, sir. 
Gunit Singh: And what is the capex per store, if you can give me for Asia, Mainland, and differently for 
Walters, Sweet Bengal, Haka? 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Speciality Restaurants Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: See, if I may, for a Mainland China or Asia kitchen, it depends upon the square feet basis, but 
generally, it ranges between INR  12,000 to INR  13,000 a square foot. And for Sweet Bengal 
and Walters, it is much lesser because these are all small stores. 
Gunit Singh: Got it. So what was the total rental outlay in FY '26? And what is the general annual escalation 
in rental costs? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: See, if I may, the rental -- let's say, general escalation is either 5% every year or 15% every 3 
years, depending upon the lease arrangement. That's a general increase. So it can be -- we can 
take 5% every year kind. And the total outlay on rental outflow would be roughly around              
INR 73 crores, INR 74 crores. 
Gunit Singh: Got it. So if we look at our restaurants, if we look at the top tier premium Haka restaurant or 
the new one that you mentioned, so can you give me an average order value you can give us, 
say, the premium, the mid-premium and then Sweet Bengal, Walters? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Sorry, what is that you are looking for Sweet Bengal and Walters? 
Gunit Singh: Average order value per cover. 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Average order value for Walters would be roughly around INR700. And for Sweet Bengal, it is 
INR400. 
Gunit Singh: Got it. And what about -- this is per cover, right? And what about Asia kitchen, Mainland 
China and the premium ones that you mentioned? 
Avik Chatterjee: So Mainland China hovers around INR1,200 to INR1,300 per cover. 
Gunit Singh: Per cover? 
Avik Chatterjee: Yes. Similarly is Sici liana to Mainland China. Asia kitchen is around INR1,000 to INR1,100. 
Gong is around INR 2,500 to INR 3,000. 
Gunit Singh: Got it. So based on our -- the kind of clientele that we have, it looks like kind of a clientele 
which is, say, up per middle class, which have a higher discretionary spend. So in general, if 
there's a scenario of inflation, which we see currently, which can be a double -ended sword for 
rest of business because, number one, because of food inflation and number two, beca use of 
cut in discretionary spends. So generally, I mean, historically, based on our clientele, do we 
see any significant reduction in the spend at our restaurants? 
Avik Chatterjee: No, we don't. Not as of now for sure. 
Gunit Singh: Okay. So past scenarios  with high inflation or some domestic shocks apart from COVID, we 
did not see any change in dine-in patterns or delivery patterns. 
Avik Chatterjee: Not really. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Speciality Restaurants Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Gunit Singh: Got it. So we have about INR150 crores plus of cash on our books. Now pre -COVID, th e 
number of stores that we -- outlets that we have, we have reached those levels currently. So 
what are our growth plans for the current year and the next year? And are we looking at some 
massive expansion because now that we have experienced it all, and w e have seen that our 
restaurants seem to be working well.  So are we in discussions of having some large -scale 
expansion plans of opening -- I mean, increasing the growth of expansion? 
Avik Chatterjee: Yes. In fact, this year itself, we have scheduled to la unch 8 new restaurants, 15 new Walters 
and 10 new Sweet Bengals. So that makes almost 32 new outlets operating only for this ye ar, 
which would be growing year-after-year. 
Gunit Singh: Got it. And for the new -- for the 8 restaurants, can you also give a br eakdown and the total 
capex for these store expansions? 
Avik Chatterjee: INR 32 crores approximately for the restaurants and rest around INR  5 crores for the QSR and 
confectionery. 
Gunit Singh: So total INR 37 crores of capex? 
Avik Chatterjee: Yes. 
Gunit Singh: So sir, given that our share price has corrected significantly as well and it is available at very 
cheap valuations currently as opposed to the kind of brand that we have built and the cash 
reserve that you have, are you in discussions for some share  buyback, which will be -- which 
will give very good returns if the promoters don't participate to the company? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: See, depending upon the utilization, are you talking in terms of the cash flows available and 
being generated over a period of time? 
Gunit Singh: I mean the company has built up a good cash pile currently. So are you looking for any share 
buybacks as a means to return to the long -term shareholders? Because the share price is also 
available at very cheap valuat ions currently and it has corrected significantly. So I would like 
to understand if you have any buyback plans. 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Point taken, I presume this may be taken up by the Board members only. So it would be 
difficult for us to say right now, dep ending upon the situations prevailing over a period of 
time. 
Gunit Singh: Perfect, sir. Thank you very much. I hope you take this into consideration. Thank you. 
Avik Chatterjee: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Zaki Abbas Nasser, an Individual Investor. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Speciality Restaurants Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: Sir, good evening and c ongratulations on a steady quarter in tough times. Sir, going ahead for 
'27, could we assume that you will do a growth of 15% on the revenue basis, looking at the 
new launches? 
Avik Chatterjee: Yes, absolutely, sir. How are you? 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: Good, sir. Thank you. My question was -- are we looking at a 15% growth in top line, sir, this 
year, looking at the new launches? 
Avik Chatterjee: Yes, sir. Maybe more. 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: Okay. So it would be closer to INR 600 crores top line we could have this year? 
Anjan Chatterjee: Inshallah, yes. 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: So could we assume, sir, March '27, if we do INR600 crores and at a slower pace, March '28, 
we could look at a INR700 crores top line, sir? 
Anjan Chatterjee: Absolutely right, subject to Mr. Trump's behavior. 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: And sir, about your 2 brands , Sweet Bengal. See sweet and namkeen are turning out to be a 
new segment and a new business altogether. So what are your thoughts on driving up a larger 
growth trajectory for Sweet Bengal? And the next question would be to Avik. Walters, I mean, 
what next for Walters? 
Avik Chatterjee: So I'll take up the Walters question first. For Walters, we have planned 15 new stores for this 
year that would make our total into 20 stores for the brand. And we have been launching newer 
products and catering right from un til the late night as well because deliveries have been very 
favorable for us until like 3 to 4 a.m. So the operational hours of each Walters would be 
increasing, which would lead to greater revenues. 
Apart from that, new product lines, for example, focuse d dessert lines and beverages lines is 
something that is also on the plans for Walters.  So this is our entire schedule for Walters for 
growing in Maharashtra region because we have our commissary already set up and it's geared 
to take up to 20 to 25 stores. 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: Understood. And about the Sweet Bengal segment, I mean, that can grow on to a business in 
itself. So how do we look at taking that forward, sir? 
Avik Chatterjee: So absolutely. So as we speak, we are in the process of finalizing our re branding experience 
with Sweet Bengal because it's been delayed quite some time, and we're finally happy to be 
launching our rebranding of the brand. 
Alongside that, new product lines will, of course, come in, and we will be looking at FMCG 
packaging ranges as well for the brand. Once it's fully rebranded, stores are refreshed and new 
product lines are activated. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Speciality Restaurants Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: Fantastic. And as of March end, what was the cash we have on book, sir? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Sir, INR 162.48 crores. 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: Fantastic. Thank you, sir and best wishes for financial year ‘27. Thank you. 
Anjan Chatterjee: Thank you very much. 
Avik Chatterjee: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chandramouli Jagannathan , an Indi vidual 
Investor. 
Chandramouli: Most of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to know the cash that you are talking 
about is a net cash. You don't have -- it's a net cash on… 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: So this is the cash which is there as treasury invest ment, sir, the net cash would be INR  103 
crores. 
Chandramouli: Okay. So you were talking about the 15% growth in the top line. What is the bottom line that 
you expect, sir? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: So we would be able to improve to the extent of 15%, 16% over a percentage increase on 
EBITDA numbers with the increase in revenues because of the front -end cost of the new 
restaurants, which would continue to open over the next 2 years. 
Chandramouli: Okay. And you are talking about -- I know you are totally kind of going to move into an 
induction thing. What is the capex that you have done for that, sir? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: So we have already spent almost like INR  1.12 crores on inductions wok, which M r. Anjan 
indicated from the 4th of March till date. 
Chandramouli: Okay. And the fuel cost, what is going to be like -to-like comparison, sir, instead of using the 
traditional LPG, what would be the -- any cost increment that you will face out of this? Or it  
will be less? 
Anjan Chatterjee: No. Given the circumstances and as the prices of the basic fuel to LPG and PNG moving 
northwards, I think that we will be either same price or maybe less because there's an 
interesting part here that when you use any kind o f fuel in the form of gas, there is a wastage, 
which is inadvertent because this is called the pilot. 
The pilot keeps on burning because the last moment you have orders coming in, and there's 
some kind of -- they put it on flame that continue with the habi t because of the fact that the 2 
hours of the weekend or any weekday is very important for the business. 
So instead of that, all these electric induction supported ones have a pilot. And the moment 
you put the wok, it's on and then when you take it out, sa me with the fryers, and you take it 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Speciality Restaurants Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
out, it's auto-cut. So the -- we've already seen -- we've done a pilot in one particular restaurant 
where we've been able to send -- save around 6% of the -- compared to apple-to-apple with the 
gas versus electric. 
Chandramouli:  Great, sir. That’s all from my end. Thank you. Thanks everyone. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investment. Please go ahead.  
Madhur Rathi: Sir, thank you for the opportunity, once again. I wanted to understand we are doing currently 
7% EBITDA margin post our rental expenses. So how will this grow to 15%, if you could help 
me understand? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: We are doing 15% on restaurant level basis, sir, post the rentals. 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, so if I look at our cash flow statement, we did close to INR80 -odd crores of CFO and I 
deduct the INR50 -odd crores of rental expenses, it's coming out to be closer to INR30 crores, 
INR33 crores. On INR476 c rores revenue, that is closer to 7%, 8% of EBITDA margins. So I 
don't know where is this -- where I'm getting this wrong? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Sorry I think when we are talking in terms of 15%, 16%, this is on the restaurant level basis. 
Because... 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, your voice is... 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Sorry? 
Madhur Rathi: Sir, your voice is getting disturbed in the middle. 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Okay. Is it better now? 
Madhur Rathi: Yes, sir. 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: So the whole idea was when we were talking in t erms of payback, 15%, 16% is on the 
restaurant level basis. Thereafter, we have corporate costs, etcetera. As a result of that, from a 
cash flow perspective, you would have got this EBITDA numbers, which is after the corporate 
cost. 
Madhur Rathi: Got it. And sir, what would be corporate cost as a percentage of our revenue going forward? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: We are -- see, this is a step -down reduction when we avoid the established fixed cost for 
corporate would get amortized on the more number of restaurants  because for last 2 years, 
post-COVID, we had not expanded. The corporate costs continued to be there. Now we have 
got into the expansion mode, and there would be a step down reduction in the corporate cost, 
which used to be 6%, 7% is now at 4%. 
===== PAGE 16 =====
  Speciality Restaurants Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Madhur Rathi: Got it. And sir, I made on the occupancy part, sir, what is our current occupancy at our current 
-- across our outlets currently? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: See, this is a very mixed bag. It all depends upon individual restaurants averaging out because 
of a h igh, let's say, when we talk in terms of Gong, which is of the highest order, there the 
overall occupancy in any which was low. So what we look at is from the -- and business is 
distributed higher between weekends and weekdays. But on an average, if you ta ke on the 
installed capacity of covers, etcetera, we are at around 2  times of our existing capacity on an 
average basis. 
Madhur Rathi: Okay. Got it. That was from mine. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Zaki Abbas Nasser , an Individual Investor.  
Please go ahead. 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: Sir, with the 32 new touch points opening this year, what will be our final count at the end of 
the current financial year, sir, in terms of touch points? 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Sir, we are 121 as on 31st March. So if we add on almost like including Walters, Sweet Bengal 
and the restaurants, we would be touching 150 numbers. 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: Okay. Fantastic. So you would cross 150 by the end of this current financial year. 
Rajesh Kumar Mohta: Sir, God willing. Thank you. 
Zaki Abbas Nasser: Fantastic, sir. Best wishes. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to  the 
management for the closing comments. 
Avik Chatterjee: On behalf of the management, we are extremely thankful for your participation to the 
conference call today on our results of Q4 FY '26. With God's grace and your wishes, we will 
be able to achieve what we are -- working hard on. Thank you so very much for your time. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 