
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
restaurant brands asia  limited  
 (Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office: 2nd Floor, ABR Emerald, Plot No. D-8., Street No. 16, MIDC, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 093 
CIN : L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
November 04, 2025 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relations Department 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543248 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
SYMBOL: RBA 
 
Sub.:  Investor/ Analyst Call Transcript  
 
Ref.:  Regulation 30  of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI LODR Regulations’) 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the aforesaid SEBI L ODR Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript  of the  
Investor/Analyst call w.r.t.  Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2025, held on October 31, 2025 
at 09:30 a.m. IST. 
 
The same is being made available on the website of the Company viz. www.burgerking.in 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  
 
 
Shweta Mayekar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(Membership No.: A23786) 
Encl.: As above 
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
“Restaurant Brand Asia Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV VARMAN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & GROUP 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA 
 
MR. SUMIT ZAVERI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER & 
CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER, RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA 
 
MR. KAPIL GROVER – GROUP CHIEF MARKETING 
OFFICER, RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA 
 
MR. SANDEEP DEY – BRAND PRESIDENT INDONESIA, 
RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA 
 
MR. GAURAV JAIN – HEAD CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT & 
INVESTOR RELATIONS, RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA 
 
 
MODERATOR: MR. NAVEEN TRIVEDI – MOTILAL OSWAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome  to Restaurant Brands Asia Q 2 & H1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited.  
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode . A nd there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch -
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 This conference call may contain forward -looking statements about the company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Naveen Trivedi from Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Naveen Trivedi: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Motilal Oswal, I, Naveen Trivedi, would like to 
welcome you all to the Restaurant Brands Asia Q2 FY '26 earnings conference call. 
 From the management today we have, Mr. Rajeev Varman  – Whole-Time Director and Group 
CEO; Mr. Sumit Zaveri  – Group CFO and Chief Business Officer; Mr. Kapil Grover  – Group 
CMO; Mr. Sandeep Dey  – Brand President (Indonesia); and Mr. Gaurav Ajjan  – Head 
(Corporate Development & IR). 
 I would now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Rajeev Varman: Thank you, Naveen, and thank you, Iqra. Good morning to everyone. I hope you guys had a 
wonderful Diwali and the Holiday Season that comes with it. So, good morning. And let's start 
this with some overview on where we are. Then Sumit will carry you through  the finance, and 
then Kapil will carry you through the marketing functions. And then, finally, we  will have 
Sandeep speak about Indonesia and then we will close the call with the Q&A led by Gaurav. 
 So, key priorities for India. So, priorities for India haven't changed. We are set on our goal, just, 
which we shared with you at least two years ago. And now we continue in that path. So, on the 
dine-in side, our sheer focus and laser focus is on continuing to grow our traffic in our dine -in. 
And now after 10 consecutive weak quarters of positive traffic SSSG, I think we should be 
confident that this strategy of ours is continuing to work. We continue to drive more and more 
traffic into our dine-in restaurants and dine-in sales.  
 This basically we have done with our barbell strategy. We started this strategy with great value 
offering. We continue to do that value offering and continue to bring people into the business 
with that strategy. And on the other hand , a quarter ago we spoke to you about this premium 
launch with the Korean Fest, as well as the King's Collection. So, these were two launched a 
quarter ago. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 21 
 And then this last quarter, the one we are talking about, we launched Deluxe Whopper as well, 
which is the core. So, while we were on the value side with the two for Rs. 79 and two for Rs. 
99, and also, we bought in for four weeks Rs. 99 cafe. That was the first effort on the cafe. After 
instilling cafe in literally 90% of our restaurants, this was the first campaign. It was a four-week 
campaign. It was offering our cafe drinks at Rs. 99. 
 So, that value strategy continues to work. We will continue to further work that strategy into the 
coming years. Then the premium strategy with Korean and the King's Collection, and no w the 
core strategy in the middle with the Whopper Deluxe. So, this is what's driving our traffic into 
the restaurant. We continue to be true to that and continue to push that. 
 We also spoke about ‘Digital-First’ brand as we go into the digital era with AI. So, today, 91% 
of our transactions at our restaurant are all digital. And we continue to push that, we continue to 
build on that. Once this CRM is activated, we have now got a team in place for CRM. We have 
vendors and partners that are all put together on CRM. We  will start taking that over the next 
few quarters. And what CRM really does is build frequency of existing base of customers.  
 And that effort will come in the next few quarters as you will see it. But just 70% growth in 
monthly activity over the previous year on the app downloads.  So, the app downloads, we are 
doing upwards of between 80 to 100 transactions on our app on a daily basis per restaurant. And 
that effort will continue and it will continue to project into the future years as well. 
 Profitability focus, I told you last time, we are laser focused on, well, our P&L in the restaurant, 
of course, through the utilities program that we are working on. We have a new b roiler that we 
have launched. It will be in all restaurants by the end of this year. That brings the utility savings 
significantly down. We have put e -coolers that cool the air before it goes into the AC system. 
So, all these efforts that we are putting in, we expect a 1 point reduction in our utility cost. We 
are starting to see that now as we have rolled this out in several restaurants, but you will see the 
major impact of this next year as all the restaurants are done. But then the profitability focus was 
also on delivery side.  
 On the delivery side, our focus was very simple. As we will grow the delivery sales, but we will 
grow it now with additional profitability margins on it. So , happy to report that we have 
improved our margins on that business by 1 percentage point. And there's a significant growth 
as well in revenues in that business, and we will share those numbers with you as we kind of go 
into the numbers. So, a lot of effort in making sure that the delivery business, the menu that we 
offer on delivery, the relationships that we have with our aggregators, all those that we have 
been working on is to bring some efficiency in that respect. 
 Gross margin, we continue to be true to our numbers. We have shared our forward path on that, 
and you will see that today Sumit will report some very good progress on gross margins as well. 
So, that continues to be a focal point for us, and we continue to kind of move ahead on that.  
===== PAGE 5 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 21 
 So, these are the key priorities of India, and then Sumit will share the numbers as we get into it. 
 Now Indonesia. Indonesia, there's two businesses over there, we have the Burger King business 
as well as the Popeyes business. 
 The Burger King business is moving steadily, not as fast as we wanted because we have had 
some, even in September we had some activity there in the country which kind of penalized a 
few days of sales, it was a week and a week and a half, and Sandeep will speak about that when 
he gets on the call. But we had some challenges in September, but October we are out of it and 
we are back on track moving forward. But if you look at our ADS, 12 out of the last 13 months 
we have been higher on ADS, right? So, if you take the ADS over the previous year, we continue 
to drive more ADS each month in our Burger King business. 
 Popeyes business has been a challenge for us, and we are kind of working on it . We have a full 
team put together, laser focused on what we need to do with the 25 restaurants that we have in 
Popeyes. And you will start hearing some progress in there as we go ahead. 
 The reduction in corporate overheads, we have been talking about it , that exercise is almost to 
its end point. We have saved almost Rs. 15 crores, and then subsequently Rs. 4.5 crores on top 
of that, so approximately Rs. 20 crores in saving on G&A. And we will continue looking at other 
aspects of controlling G&A, but we have brought that down significantly from where it used to 
be when we took over the business. 
 So, the focus of here will be continue t o increase our revenues through same store sales by 
bringing in more traffic into our dine -in, similar to what we are doing in India. Second laser 
focus will be on Popeyes to eliminate any losses on Popeyes, and bring that business to a neutral. 
We will continue to focus also on the reduction in corporate overheads. 
 The optimization of restaurants, we have kind of finished that now. We still have a few 
restaurants we are looking at, but we will continue to kind of work on that to optimize that. Rent 
reduction is a big one in Indonesia. We continue to work with our landlords to bring the rent 
down. And that will not stop. That's an ongoing thing we do every year, and we will continue to 
do that. So, those are the top-lines on India and the top-lines on Indonesia. 
 With that said, I  am going to move it over to Sumit Zaveri to kind of walk you through the 
numbers. 
Sumit Zaveri: Thank you. Thank you, Raj.  I will just kind of complete the discussion on Indonesia, which is 
slicing. As Raj was mentioning, that having completed the store rationalization that we were 
working on, substantially reducing corporate overheads, our current focus is , how do we bring 
overall ADS in the business better or higher than where we were last year. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 21 
 We have been continuing that journey through various value initiatives. We have kind of listed 
those various initiatives out here clearly. It is led by chicken as well as burgers . And then there 
are a few new product launches that we  have done recently on the whole chicken side, which 
has only helped get better over the last year. 
 We were higher by around Rs. 1 million over the last year in early part when we started this 
journey, as you could see from November to May, June also. When we kind of did the second 
round for hot and cheesy and the whole chicken, we could improve the gap over last year to 
almost around Rs. 1.5 million. October, the number seems better, closer to almost around Rs. 2 
million. 
 So, trajectory-wise, we are steadily on the positive side. At the same time, we should also kind 
of share that the numbers where we want to be versus where we are. Obviously, there is still a 
gap. We would want the numbers to be at least higher by another Rs. 1.5 million or so from the 
current trajectory trend that we have as far as Indonesia is concerned, which is what we are 
currently working on as far as the Burger King side of the business. 
 Now, coming back to our overall performance on the India side and Indonesia side, from finance 
perspective. One is, obviously, we are strongly growth focused in terms of dine -in restaurants 
on an annual basis. Our target, we  have always mentioned that we would grow at a pace of 6 0 
to 80 restaurants on annual basis. We so far opened 14 restaurants, and we are at 533 restaurants. 
We expect the year to end at 580 restaurants as we spend.  
 A substantial part of these restaurants are already under construction as well. So, you could see 
that number being achieved earlier than later as we progress into our financial year. As far as 
revenue is concerned, we did a revenue of Rs. 568 crores, an overall growth of 15.6%, out of 
which, almost 2.8% came in through same -store sales growth and the balance came in through 
addition of new stores into the portfolio. 
 ADS wise, yes, trajectory wise we have been remaining now in the band of Rs. 115,000 to Rs. 
120,000. This quarter as well we were at Rs. 120,000, but we feel good about that number 
because one is that, this number of Rs. 120,000 is at the back of a consistent growth in traffic 
across our dine-in side of the business. And while it is also coming at the back of growth in 
delivery side of the business, but delivery side of busine ss had a much better margin profile as 
well. And Raj covered that.  
 Our focus on improving profitability for the gross margins on the delivery side is also working 
in our favor when we look at the margin numbers included in the subsequent slide. As far as the 
restaurant EBITDA is concerned, we stand at Rs. 59 crores for the quarter and similar number 
on a company EBITDA, cash basis on pre-IndAS at Rs. 28.4 crores. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 21 
 Now just a quick dovetail to gross profit and I just want to take a little bit of movement o n 
restaurant EBITDA trends as well. So, I am on Slide #9. 
 As we have always been saying that we would want to take the overall gross margin journey to 
70%. We have always been saying that it may not necessarily move unilaterally in any direction. 
And you will see, as some of the initiatives that we continue to work on, you might see these 
quick improvements in margins, which is what you could see clearly happening i n Q2.  We 
moved from 67.7% in Q1 to 68.3% in Q2, almost 0.6% growth.  
 And this growth is coming at the back of efficiencies brought in by the supply chain team and 
the entire initiative of improving overall profitability on the delivery side of the business. Those 
are the two key reasons why we  have been able to improve the overall margins. We feel very 
good about it. And the number that we  have always been seeing in terms of wanting to get to 
70% over the next few years certainly seems in sight as we conti nue our journey on the g ross 
margin side. 
 On the restaurant EBITDA side, we are at 10.4% as compared to 10.6% last year. And I am sure 
a lot of you might have the question in terms of gross margins remaining or the restaurant 
EBITDA margins at 10.4%. Just  want to kind of bring one fact out here, is that whenever we  
have done major initiative rollout at the restaurant levels, we have always consciously put a little 
more people into the restaurant so that the customer experience or the customer understanding  
of the new initiative is well-received at the restaurant level. 
 Some of you who have been here with us long would have seen a similar kind of practice that 
we followed even when we launched Cafe a couple of years back. We  are following a similar 
practice even now when we have rolled out and completed our digital initiative rollout this year. 
So, we consciously make sure that we have sufficient staff to interact with the customer as we 
make changes to the service. 
 Typically, what happens is that as the staff or as the crew at the restaurant level gets into the 
efficiency mode of new way of working, we should be able to kind of realign the costs or the 
labor headcount back to where we were a couple of quarters back.  And while it could have 
impacted us in this quarter at that point, and you see that the improvement in gross margin kind 
of did not translate into or meet the restaurant EBITDA to be at the flat level. But that's more a 
conscious decision. And you could kind of see that that's how we  have done it during Cafe 
launch, we have kind of done that as a digital roll out, not just then. 
 So, we really feel positive with the number at 10.4% restaurant EBITDA level. And at a company 
EBITDA level, we are at 5% with Rs. 28.4 crores at the company EBITDA mar gin for the 
quarter. Rs. 4 crores higher than what we have done last year same quarter, and almost Rs. 6 
crores higher than the previous quarter numbers that we had. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 21 
 Quickly, I am going on to Slide number 10. I just want to kind of quickly run you through what's 
happening as far as Burger King is concerned. These numbers are on IDR billion basis there. So, 
we have been rationalizing the portfolio on the Burger King side. We have so far 136, we do not 
expect any substantial shift now on the portfolio side. Normally, as business that we would take 
calls, in case if they have to take calls to shut down restaurants , we will take but really not 
anything as a part of the portfolio rationalization.  
 IDR, in terms of average daily sales, it stands at IDR  18 billion in local currency, with a 
translation revenue of more than IDR 25 billion. And gross profit, there as well there is a focus 
on improving the gross profit. So, there is an improvement in gross profit at 56.8%. And we are 
working on various other initiatives on the delivery side there as well in order to improve the 
overall gross profits better. 
 In the store EBITDA, the numbers are looking negative at minus 3%, so that is also in order to 
kind of now work towards the marketing spend. There was an incremental marketing spend over 
and beyond the 5% that we spent in Indonesia, which kind of led to the store EBITDA numbers 
looking negative. But if we adjust for that, that number is marginally higher on the positive side 
for the quarter. So, we kind of still continue to remain in that trajectory. Our concern, as Raj 
mentioned, is Popeyes, and we really need to kind of find answers to see how do we improve 
the overall sales and build some more efficiencies in the P&L there. 
 Some of the learnings that we have in the Burger King side, especially on the product innovation 
side, we are kind of also implementing those in Popeyes side of the business as well. And then 
as we shared earlier, we are working on differ ent service model trials in Popeyes in order to 
reduce the levels of pains that we have in Popeyes. 
 At Indonesia consolidated level, we are at a company EBITDA loss of Rs. 33 billion as compared 
to Rs. 21 billion. A part of it is obviously because of the conscious call of investing, I think, 
almost incrementally around Rs. 6 billion during the quarter in Burger King on the marketing 
side. So, that's there. And then the balance, as you could see, is because of Popeyes.  
 So, that's the broad summary on the overall India and Indonesia financial performance side.  I 
will just hand it over to Kapil to take us through the overall marketing initiatives that we 
undertook in India. 
Kapil Grover: Thanks, Sumit. And good morning, every one. While you have heard Sumit and Raj talk about 
how we have had consistent traffic growth, we  have had good sales growth  with 2.8% in this 
quarter, and also continue to improve profitability.  
 The strategic initiatives behind this growth, I will talk a bout three things.  One is our focus on 
driving more growth through burgers. This last quarter, in addition to the Korean program in the 
===== PAGE 9 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 21 
Q1 and the King's Collection relaunch, we added Whopper Deluxe. Now, this is an extension of 
the Whopper brand into the core menu at around the price point of Rs. 140, Rs. 150.  
 Whopper, as you are aware, is a much loved product of ours. It's a very differentiated product. 
Consumers see great value for money in the Whopper because it offers you seven layers of taste 
compared to sort of basic meals available otherwise. It adds back to the brand equity because it's 
an ownable proposition. It is a unique product available only at Burger King. And now we have 
extended the range of proteins by offering a fried chicken, a paneer,  and a cheese patty in the 
Whopper Deluxe build, which extends our portfolio to now six burgers in the core menu and 
makes it a lot more stronger. So, that's a long-term strategic initiative that we continue to sort of 
build over time to build our taste equity with our guests and fans. 
 The second initiative is value. It continues to be our core pillar for a long time. We continue to 
build traffic. We have had 10 quarters of consistent SSTG in dine-in, the two for Rs. 79 and 99 
proposition continues to be  the most attractive offer in the market.  The second dimension of 
value that we offer is the app. App is now close to about 35% of our dine-in traffic, and we offer 
great value to the consumers who use BK app and log in and follow sort of the BK app like a  
fan base and drive frequency through that. 
 With these three initiatives, we  have been able to build sales on the dine -in side. The delivery 
side, we made corrections on pricing, we made promotion changes which have helped us drive 
sales growth along with profitability growth. 
 Obviously, in addition to that, we continue to drive strong consumer connect. Our social media 
pages are all organic growth. We  have seen tremendous growth in our fan base through the 
Korean and the Deluxe programs. This year, we continue to integrate a lot more deeply into 
regional festivals. You see examples on Page 17 of a lot of activations we did on ground during 
Onam, Navratri, Pujo, and recently in Diwali. So, we continue to focus on dine -in traffic, we 
continue to focus on innovation, and we continue to focus on driving delivery sales profitably. 
 With that, I will hand over back to Gaurav. 
Gaurav Ajjan: Thanks, Kapil. Good morning, everyone. Our outlook remains unchanged from the last quarter.  
 We intend to open 60 to 80 stores every year till FY '29, which will bring us closer to a number 
of about 800. If you recall, we finished last year with 513 stores. We  have added a net of 20 
stores in H1. You will see the pace of growth increasing in the second -half of the year as we 
look to add another 45 to 50 stores in the remainder of the year. This will bring us closer to a 
number of about 580. 
 On gross margins, our gross margin for FY '25 was 67.7%. We have witnessed a margin 
improvement of 60 basis poin ts this quarter to 68.3%. This ha s been on the back of changes in 
===== PAGE 10 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 21 
the menu mix and on supply chain and dist ribution efficiencies. We intend to continue this 
journey of margin improvement, and this will bring us to a number closer to 70% by FY '29. 
 Thank you all for joining in the call. I would request the moderator to please open up the floor 
for Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Kiran Gadge from Knightstone Capital Management, LLP. Please go ahead. 
Kiran Gadge: Hello. Good morning. So, in Q4 FY '25, we were discussing that in one, two quarters, we will 
monitor the Indonesia business closely to make a decision on what to do with it. So, what are 
you thinking about it right now? 
Rajeev Varman: The efforts are the same. We are in the same boat, we are working towards that. So, while we 
continue to improve the business, the challenges on Popeyes, we have already kind of shared 
with you, but it's only 25 restaurants. And, of course, we have to find solutions, whether we keep 
the business or the next  person comes in and takes over the business. The solutions need to be 
rolled to those people so they can continue to build it. So, the efforts remain the same. 
 Right now, we are pretty excited about the Burger King part of the business over there because  
we can see, evidently, recovery on the dine -in side of the business where people are coming in 
and traffic is in the positive. We have seen that over the last several months we have delivered 
anywhere between IDR 1 million to about IDR 2 million additional ADS every day. And that is 
continuing and we think that's strong. But our efforts, like I shared on the last call and even the 
call before, is two prong , is to continue improving the business but also look at alternative 
solutions in terms of potential e xits from that market. So, no effort has been stopped or we 
continue to work on that. 
Kiran Gadge: Okay. Got it. Because of SOK, we were expecting a reduction in employee costs, but this quarter 
it has increased. So, when do you think we can see a reduction going forward because of SOK? 
Rajeev Varman: Yes. That's a very good question, Kiran. Look, we would have been at about 11.7%, 11.8% 
EBITDA for the restaurant level. We have taken 0.9% of that EBITDA and put it in terms of 
additional people in the lobby because we started table service, we started the SOKs. So, we 
wanted to make sure that there is ample amount of training and customer awareness of these two 
initiatives. So, we put that additional 0.9% labor back into the restaurant, that's why you see that 
EBITDA impact. But as we go into this quarter number three and four, you will find that kind 
of going back to its normal numbers. So, it will go back to its numbers. And then next year, you 
will continue to see as volume leverages , those numbers coming down further and further.  So, 
we are intentionally doing what's the right thing for the long run for the business versus trying 
to build just quarterly numbers. That's the reason that 0.9% was invested last quarter. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 21 
Kiran Gadge: Okay. Got it. Thank you. All the best. 
Rajeev Varman: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: Hi, sir. Good morning. Congratulations on a good execution in India business. Sir, there is some 
benefit of GST deduction on certain RM costs, right? So, how are we thinking in terms of either 
higher promotion, menu price reductions, etc. If you could throw some light on that? 
Rajeev Varman: Yes. So, these came in at the tail end of the quarter, as you know, so the impact is not visible 
anywhere. Further on that, as a company, we have decided and as an industry, I think at large, it 
has been a decision that wherever, which item we found a GST benefit, we passed on that GST  
benefit in that item directly to the consumer. Our efforts are on the side of supply chain, on 
distribution cost. We just opened two more distribution centers in India. That is going to bring a 
reduction in distribution cost  in those restaurants around th ose states and those cities. So , we 
continue to optimize our distribution. Our efforts are to make sure that the distribution cost 
continues to go down. That's one big one. 
 Second is, we continue to build restaurants, right? This year, we are going to add between 70 to 
80 new restaurants net of closures. As we continue to add these restaurants, what happens is we 
are going in to multiple geographies and we are able to get partners, newer partners, which are 
closer to those geographies because we have enoug h restaurant density over there to actually 
have a local supplier over there, right?  
 When you have only a few restaurants, you cannot build a local supplier. But as we kind of grow 
those, you will find local suppliers in these geographies and a lot of th ose benefit. That's how 
we are doing our journey. We are already at the 68.3, but our journey is to go to 70. And it's not 
on the top of either GST or on the top of menu price increases. That's not the journey.  
 The journey is on clear scientific architecture of distribution cost as well as bringing in suppliers 
closer to the restaurants.  As we continue to do these two things, our journey from this to 70, I 
mean, we have projected FY '29. I think we are going to achieve it much sooner than that. Th e 
only reason we are not kind of putting the date is because we just want to make sure that we are 
doing it properly, right? We are doing it the right way and we are getting it for the long run.  
 Every time we have brought the company to a GP level, we have sustained it and we have grown 
on it. And that's the way we want to do it. If you go back and look at from quarters-over-quarters 
last two years, you will find that revenues, gross margins, our effort on restaurant EBITDA, 
everything consistently moves in the North direction. And we want to continue doing that 
===== PAGE 12 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 21 
scientifically and with good architecture on transportation model for our distribution centers, 
right? 
 That's how we are moving this forward. GST benefits, wherever they have come, on whichever 
item they have come, we have passed it on to the customers. That's the right thing to do. You 
want to build that, you want to make sure that, see that's our strategy even with two for Rs. 79, 
two for Rs. 99, our strategy is to bring more traffic into the res taurant. So, this, actually, GST 
passed on to the customers is consistent with that strategy to continue bringing more people into 
our restaurants. 
Devanshu Bansal: Fair enough, sir. Very clear.  So, a follow-up to this, so it's almost 40 days now since the  GST 
reduction, s o are we seeing initial signs of pickup in SSSG? With the  initiatives around 
promotions and price reductions? Or do you think it typically takes time to sort of start reflecting 
to additional growth? 
Rajeev Varman: Yes. So, Devanshu, both your answers are right, right? We have seen a very substantial benefit 
in October. I think we have had a very good October. We are very happy with our October sales. 
We are also looking forward to a decent quarter. I think we will have a good quarter this quarter, 
Q3. And yes, the impact will continue in the long run because this is not an impact for a month 
or for a quarter. I think these initiatives from the government are long -term benefits that the 
entire industry at large and other industries at large will benefit. And I think the consumer in the 
end is the main beneficiary of this. And yes, we will also, as businesses continue to drive in the 
forwardly direction, because more traffic will come into our restaurant. So, yes, both your points 
are genuine. 
Kiran Gadge: Thanks, Raj. So, just a small follow -up here. So, this improvement in SSSG is not because of 
the date, right? So, on a sequential basis, you are seeing some true increase in ADS levels. Is 
that a right takeaway? 
Rajeev Varman: Yes. I mean, see the ADS has been hovering around that mark that Sumit just shared, Rs. 115,000 
to Rs. 120,000, and so forth. And in spite of the fact that if you look back to every quarter that 
we come on the phone and talk to you, every quarter that we report on numbers, we continue to 
provide a positive same-store sales growth. And that is on top of same store sales traffic growth. 
It's not on the top of APC or increase in average check or increase in pricing. It is basically traffic 
coming in. And that's a single laser focus for our company is to build a substantial traffic base 
in our business. 
 And then, from there onwards, we will then be able to optimize it and so forth. CRM will kick 
in. The CRM team is in place. And the CRM team will then start bui lding on frequency. Right 
now, we are building on bringing new people in. And then the second effort will be on CRM, 
which is to bring the existing people in more often into our restaurant. So, when we do this 
combined together, I think the cumulative impact will be extremely positive on the business. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 21 
 So, gross margin all these line items, whether it is utilities, you will find by, I think, March or 
early April, we should have finished the initiative on the broilers. And that will bring our head 
of equipment has done a fantastic job working with Burger King International in building this 
new broiler, which consumes half the energy of the current broiler. 
 So, these benefits will kick in and you will start seeing them not just per quarter, they will be 
ongoing forward, right? And then the leverage that comes in from CRM and all that, that's 
additional on top of all this. So, this utility effort, the effort that we are making with the gross 
margin, these are not dependent on ADS. These will be there. So, the existing ADS, we will 
continue to improve our gross margin. At the existing ADS, we will continue to improve our 
line items like utilities. And then the leverage of going beyond the Rs. 120,000 towards Rs. 
125,000 and then ultimately Rs. 135,000, which is o ur near-term goal of taking this business, 
that will, that leverage will be on top of this. 
Devanshu Bansal: Very clear, Raj. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Rajeev Varman: Yes, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manjeet Buaria, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Manjeet Buaria: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my question.  First, the consistency of performance in 
India is fantastic, given the industry background and appreciate the efforts you guys put in there. 
I will add just one question. In the opening comments, it was mentioned about the GM not 
translating into the ROM given the reinvestment in the team at restaurant levels. And it was also 
mentioned that in a couple of quarters, this should rationalize. 
 What I am not clear is, given the improvement in guest experience since these initiatives have 
been put in place, why are we in a hurry to rationalize it back? In the longer run, it would lead 
to a structurally only higher ADS and with operating leverage a nd at any which way. So, why 
worry about the short-term margin for the right reinvestments? That is the only question I had. 
Thank you. 
Sumit Zaveri: Thank you, Manjeet, for that question.  So, just to clarify, obviously we will not pull it back 
hurriedly. The way we do it is that we see the pace at which the efficiency in terms of work 
levels that improves at the restaurant level. And linked to that efficiency improvement is where 
we will do the adjustments. Typically, we should be able to do that adjustmen ts over the next 
few quarters. So, we will obviously not pull back the headcount because we feel the numbers 
are higher. That's something is what we would certainly not do, Manjeet. 
 And absolutely, you are point on that a better service will only improve the overall repeat 
frequency and then result in the same side. And that's something which we will obviously keep 
===== PAGE 14 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 21 
in focus before we take any calls in order to pull back staff. So, it will certainly not be a random 
reduction. It will be measured adjustments linked to efficiency improvements that we see at the 
store. 
Rajeev Varman: See Manjeet, Kiran on the first caller, Kiran said that, as we put these SOKs on, there's going to 
be a saving in cashiers, right? Because people come and place their own orders. So, there's a 
saving there on the previous or before the SOK era. That saving, on top of that saving we have 
put, so that saving was there, we moved those cashiers to the front of the lobby, and they were 
helping out. In addition to that, we have put in some resources of, specifically hired interns that 
are from good colleges that are graduates, into our lobbies to actually help with the table service 
as well as the SOK explanation to train not only the crew but also to train the customers. 
 So, that portion will be going out. The cashiers will remain for a time period, and those cashiers 
will become more efficient as we go into the future quarters. So, we are not making this, we are 
not going to bring it back, a reduction to zero level. We are actually going to be above that zero 
level for a very long time. We will bring it down to the zero level, that we do not need those 
people in the lobby, as in many western countries where the SOK has been there for several 
years now, right? So, that's the thing. But it's a very, very good point you  are making, Manjeet 
is usually, companies hurry on to building quarterly results, and in the long run, it kind of 
backfires. That's not what we are going to do. 
Manjeet Buaria: So, appreciate this, Raj and Sumit. Thank you so much. 
Rajeev Varman: Yes. Next question, please. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj D., from Antique Stock Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Anuj D.: Hi, team. Congratulations on sustained performance in India.  One question from my s ide, I 
understand it may be a bit early to call out, but could you provide some sense on how the 
Whopper Deluxe is performing and are we seeing any early signs of upgradation from the two 
for Rs. 79, two for Rs. 99 product? 
Kapil Grover: And this is Kapil. I will take that question. Yes. So, Whopper Deluxe early days, as I said, it's a 
core menu offering. It is sitting at a price point of approximately Rs. 150. The two, for customer 
and the core customers are very different personas. There's a value-seeking customer on one end 
of the bar bell, as Raj explained in the beginning, and there's a core customer who's driven by 
innovation, taste, quality, and other sort of variables. 
 So, this is a long-term strategic plan. We have got some initial trials. We have got some really 
good trials. We have seen consumers come in and try the new burgers, the new paneer cheese 
and the fried chicken burger. We spent about six  weeks of air on it, and we have continued to 
===== PAGE 15 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 21 
build over time. So, the interaction between the value of this layer is not much, actually. There 
are two very different customers to answer your question specifically. 
Anuj D.: Thank you. 
Rajeev Varman: Anuj. These are menu gaps that we had. We wanted to make sure there's a paneer and a cheese 
and a crunchy fried chicken offering in the middle of the layer. We didn't have that in the past, 
right? But there is a market for that, and there's a desired customer that wants that at that price 
point of Rs. 130 to Rs. 160, and that's the gap we have covered. Look, like Kapil said, this is 
going to be a long-term strategy. We are looking at building this over the next two, three years. 
We are not expecting this to shoot up and build within the next quarter. We have made progress. 
We have almost put in 40% increase in  that middle-layer sales, but we think that this will be 
substantial over the next two years. 
Anuj D.: Hi. Yes, thank you for the answer. Just a small follow-up. You mentioned that the core and value 
customers are substantially different in their preferenc es, so roughly the core portfolio, I guess 
now you are contribute how much in terms of value percentage of our portfolio? 
Rajeev Varman: No, we do not share the exact numbers outside of the company, but I can tell you this is basically 
a laddered menu, so you have an entry point where people come into the business at two for Rs. 
79, two for Rs. 99. They experience the product, and we have got fantastic products at that entry-
level point because that's the first touch of the product. You cannot have a substa ndard product 
just because you are offering it at two for Rs. 79, we actually have fantastic products. The Crispy 
Veg, Crispy Chicken are favorites now in India. The Crispy Veg is becoming the most favorite 
burger in India, so we have those two entry point s, which are great value and which bring in 
people, and then we have a graduating ladder to kind of graduate people over time into the core 
menu. 
 And then we have this thing, the Korean burger that was launched by Kapil and team about three 
months ago. It was just the awareness of that, the amount of excitement around that Korean. It's 
the first time in India that we brought out a patty which is dunked in sauce and built it on a very 
premium bun and a premium build, and it did so well. 
 We will continue to work in that respect in bringing value customers, graduating them through 
the core menu, providing them indulgent, because see, even a value customer, there's a day that 
that value customer wants to indulge. It says promotion day or it says birthday or whatever, and 
they want to indulge on that day, and there's a strong, now indulging premium menu that's 
available, very, very strong. There was a missing gap between the premium and the value, which 
is the core menu. It was there, but we have just strengthened it with our addition of the Deluxe. 
Anuj D.: Thank you. Thank you. That was very helpful. Looking forward to late quarters ahead. 
===== PAGE 16 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 21 
Rajeev Varman: Thank you, Anuj. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Dua from Geometric. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Dua: Thank you for taking my question, and I admire companies' efforts in cross -margin same-sell 
store growth, ADS, traffic, and customer experience in the product expansion. I think you have 
touched this point, but can you give a li ttle bit more structure to all this effort? When can we 
trickle into EBITDA, and going forward, any timeframe or something like that? What is the 
mental model we have to use? 
Rajeev Varman: Yes, you know. Like I said, there's two -fold efforts. One is about  optimizing the current P&L, 
which is building a P&L strength based on current volumes, right, current revenues, current 
ADS, current traffic. Those efforts are on. We continue to show you results every quarter on 
that. Every quarter, you go back, look at our results, look at the results of the previous quarter 
of the previous year. You see a movement on that. Those movements are on the net of all the 
initiatives that Sumit Zaveri and his entire team in maintenance and equipment, and all the other 
people that are working towards reducing those line items.  
 They are not specific to leverage. They are not specific to volume. They are initiatives that will 
drive those margins in spite of no increase in volume. That's both on the gross margin line as 
well as on  the other lines like utilities, rents, and other expenses, which include a lot of other 
things that we continue to contract and so forth, that we continue to optimize price. That is not 
dependent on increased volume. 
 Then there is a leverage, right. If y ou look at the leverage in an industry where you have seen 
strain in the last six, seven quarters, you have seen some very tough SSSG numbers from the 
industry. In that environment, we continue to drive more people in there. If the environment was 
much more conducive, much more positive, these numbers, which are 2.8%, would have been 
substantially higher. You understand that. 
 As that volume increases, the leverage of those volume and all these line items will be an 
additional impact. We think that this impact will come over due time. The first impact will come 
within quarters. You will see every quarter. I just told you about the broiler rollout, which is 
going to be done by March, maybe early April. Then you will start seeing the impact of that in 
Q2, Q3, Q4 of next year. You will find the gross margin impacts coming in substantially as this 
new DCs kick in and the optimization from that comes in. 
 Then the next year, we will spend the entire supply chain, Dipit who leads it, will spend time 
bringing in local suppliers near these DCs. That leverage will be not dependent on volumes 
again. All these, you will see quarterly, quarterly increases. Then volume will come with time 
as market improves. I like to add 6%, 7% , 8% SSSG on top of where we are, but that as the 
===== PAGE 17 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 21 
market improves. Like I said, October was a fantastic month for us. We did some very good 
volumes in October. 
 We are projecting that we would probably have a very decent Q3. These volumes, as they keep 
coming in, they will provide a volume leverage to the P&L as well. 
Manoj Dua: Thank you.  My last question is, we know that last two, three years has been difficult for 
consumption. We feel that that's a cyclical thing and the company has put all the efforts. When 
this consumption comes back, it will be a double rocket to everything. But one factor we are 
always confused, how much is the effect of the Zomato, Swiggy or any food aggregator 
platforms, which lead to less dine -out or the democratization of smaller chains or smaller 
restaurants, to take away the effect of that. Is there an effect of that, or is it just a pure 
consumption cycle of the two years? 
Rajeev Varman: Good question, Dua Manoj. We have a very disciplined approach to our business on delivery, a 
disciplined one. That is, we will continue to grow that business, and we have. By the way, when 
I say that we are up 2.8%, it is on top of both dine -in as well as delivery. We continue to grow 
that. 
 The discipline over there is very simple, that we will continue to grow that business as long as 
we continue to grow it profitably. We want to make sure that every time we bring in another 
rupee in sales, another percentage point increase in sales, that the sale that is coming in is more 
profitable, right?  
 And that is how we are building that business, and I think we have got some great partnerships 
with our aggregators, and we continue to build on that. We are also, as you know, that Kapil is 
working on the CRM piece over there and our app as well, so you will find those initiatives, they 
will come in slowly. They will not come in rapidly, they will come in slowly, but this is how we 
are building it, right? 
 We are building it one brick at a time, so that in the next 10 years, you will have a very healthy, 
strong RBA business here in India, which is, both from volume standpoint, but menu offerings, 
and then a very lean and clean P&L. If you really put up P&L and go through per unit 
consumption on electricity, per unit consumption on whatever line items you look, you will find 
that this team continues to work very hard to make that P&L very, very efficient, very clean, so 
that when we put the top-line on top, that the flow through from that top-line will be maximum 
to the bottom-line. 
Sumit Zaveri: And, Manoj, just to your question, I just want to add one thing. These channels, obviously, will 
have that overplay there, but at the same time. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Manoj. If you have a follow-up question, please rejoin the queue. 
===== PAGE 18 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 21 
Manoj Dua: I am listening to the answers which their, management is giving to my question. 
Sumit Zaveri: Talked about, so, Manoj. We will just finish this answer, you asked. So, Manoj, there will always 
be a customer interplay between dine-in and delivery, but what is important to really note from 
as far as we are concerned is that we are focused on growth and profitability on both the channels 
through the growth of transactions. And if you really look at the transaction growth that we have 
seen in dine-in as well, as well as delivery is a classic reflection of that.  
 But obviously, we do not share the numbers on the transaction growth, but we can at least tell 
you that both these channels are growing in tandem on the transaction side, and that is the classic 
reflection that while yes, there can be a play between the two channels, but both these channels 
do grow simultaneously if we really kind of strategize it in terms of the way we want the 
customer interaction to happen on both the channels. And that's how actually it is working f or 
us as well. So, that's how we see it. There is an overplay, yes, but both these channels are working 
positively on transaction growth, which is key for our business simultaneously. 
Manoj Dua: Okay. Thank you and best of luck and I hope you find the solution for Indonesia, either you scale 
it or resell it. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Spark Institutional Equity. 
Please go ahead. 
Tejas Shah: Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. This one question, and then you partly answered the question at 
different points of time on the call, but just wanted to understand if we have to narrow down the 
problem statement for us and perhaps for the industry as well in India, is it more to do with 
consumer sentiment not spending enough or would you say that the competitive landscape has 
changed dramatically post -COVID and perhaps there are more players fighting for the same 
wallet share now? 
Rajeev Varman: Look, when you  are sitting on the top of, almost 10 quarters now o f positive traffic into our 
business, I think I would say that the traffic in the business is there. What we have seen in the 
last several quarters is the shift is more from the premium towards value.   So, if you are not a 
value customer, and you pretty mu ch see that in the industry, if you look at the industry, it has 
moved towards value and more and more younger and college students and so forth are getting 
into the business through the value stream, right? So, that is the shift that you have seen in the 
last post-COVID, you are absolutely right, post-COVID. Those volumes will continue to pick 
up, right? 
 And they will continue to add to the volumes of the restaurants, but the core and the premium 
business is not gone. I mean, we learned that when we launc hed the Korean, we saw that there 
was a traffic increase because of that Korean business. So, we think it is there. We think that 
consumer sentiments, especially with this GST, have started to improve. And it's a cyclic al 
===== PAGE 19 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 18 of 21 
business, as you know Manjeet was saying earlier. And I think as we kind of look at the next 
few years, I think the cycle will go back into it's upwards mode. And as we go there is the 
company ready to be in that mode, right? Is the company has its core in place, has its premium 
in its place? Does it have the value in place? Does it have the efficiency of the P&L in place? 
So, those are things that we have put in place. So, that's as we see the upward movement of these 
consumer sentiments, that we are leveraging those to pour it down into our EBITDA line. 
Tejas Shah: Very clear. Just one follow-up there. From the collective experience that you have as a team, I 
just wanted to know what are the markers that you are looking for the cycle to turn around, both 
at the macro and micro levels, which will give us confidence that we are out of the cycle now? 
Rajeev Varman: I think the Diwali shopping this year, if you have seen Diwali for the last three years, right, and 
if you look at what happened this year, I think that is a big ticker, right, that 's a big ticker. You 
will see the December, which has been subdued for the last three or four years. If you see an 
uptick in December, I think these are the key markers. When you see Diwali going up, you see 
the December holiday season going up. That will tell you that that is moving in the right 
direction. 
 I think, like I already shared, we are very happy with our October traffic, and I think that was a 
big checkmark for us. I think such markers, as you kind of walk through into the next summer, 
they are well-defined. Once you start seeing those quarters going up, I think you should start 
feeling that this is coming back to its old days, when restaurants did anywhere from 500 to 600 
traffic a day. In certain markets, they even did 800 to 900 a day. Those will come out and these 
are very small markers, but you have to be patient with them and kind of make a note every time 
you hit those markers. October is a very good marker. 
Tejas Shah: Very clear. Thanks for the detailed answer and all the best for the coming quarters. 
Rajeev Varman: Thank you very much, Tejas. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: Thanks for the opportunity. And we have been doing pretty well compared to what the industry 
is doing. Sir, it's been eight quarters since our ADS has been stuck in the range of around Rs. 
105,000 to Rs. 119,000. Although we have ambitions to reach Rs. 125,000, Rs. 130,000, Rs. 
135,000 eventually, do you think with the kind of uptick that we have seen in October and with 
the GST curve and hopefully the consumer cycle reviving, we can reach that number, at least 
Rs. 125,000 ADS number in the near term, maybe Q3, Q4, or do you think it will take some 
more time for us to reach that number? 
===== PAGE 20 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 19 of 21 
Rajeev Varman: Very good question, Ankit. Again, I will not make a forward-looking statement on my answer, 
but I can tell you this, that last year we ended up for the whole year at Rs. 114,000 and right now 
we have reported Rs. 119,000 for the previ ous quarter and I think it was Rs. 121,000 for the 
quarter before that. So, look, again, what I answe red to Tejas, these small marker s are coming 
and we are moving forward with them.  
 While we can build an ambition to get back to Rs. 125,000 and Rs. 135,000, hopefully even 
higher sales, we are disciplined right now. They  are saying that can we deliver 13%, 14% 
restaurant-level EBITDA at current volumes. And that's the discipline of the team right now is 
we have a volume in front of us. At this volume,  how do we optimize the business? And we 
continue to build the menu side of it to build to Rs. 125,000, Rs. 135,000. 
 But look here, do not expect one quarter to shift from one number to the other number. It will be 
a slow improvement and we are discipline d to understand that that's how it's going to happen. 
Very happy with October. I have very high hopes for this entire quarter. I  am looking forward 
to seeing the December sales. 
Ankit Gupta: Sure. And sir, and secondly, on pre -IndAS EBITDA, after the corpo rate expenses. So, if you 
look at the gross margin improvement, of course, we have invested back the savings that we had 
on the gross margins during the quarter. If you look at it overall on the pre-IndAS EBITDA, last 
two quarters, we have been around 4%, 5%. And last year, full -year, we were around 5%. So, 
all this operating leverage that we have spoken about the cost-cutting measures, whether it is on 
the efficiency side, through b roilers and all, when do you think this will actually translate into 
pre-IndAS EBITDA moving from let's say, mid-single rate to, let's say, 8% to 10% if not more? 
Sumit Zaveri: Ankit, just one, first, I will kind of break this up into two parts. One is, as far as the leverage is 
concerned, for us, and kind of, we have kind of taken this earlier in some of our earlier calls as 
well. What happens is that there is obviously a large, fixed cost base that we would have, and 
there's a particular effective inflation that we have. Being in the range of 2.5%, 3.5%, I  am just 
ahead of doing a slightly broader range of 2.5% and 3.5% same-store sales growth range, that is 
currently allowing us to offset the inflation impact that we have on the fixed cost, and that is the 
reason why we are kind of seeing a more stable state EBITDA a t the restaurant level as well as 
at the company level. 
 Two things. One is as and when we start seeing the growth in SSSG to be higher than those 
numbers, the leverage starts coming into play. So, that's one part. The second part of the answer 
in terms of  our trajectory in terms of efficiency, at the moment, yes, we have kind of taken 
several initiatives on the efficiency side. But the large shift on the efficiency side, especially on 
utilities, we are expecting that to be executed in the later part of the  current financial year, full-
year impact that will be visible next year. We are expecting on the utility cost line, as Raj did 
mention that number in the beginning, to be around 1 percentage point.  
===== PAGE 21 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 20 of 21 
 So, really speaking, the way we see is that the efficie ncy should give us another 1.5% between 
utility and some of the other cost lines there, taking the improvement of the trajectory on the 
gross margin side into that. And then the balance leverage is going to be our ability to take the 
SSSG growth in excess of 3% to 3.5%. And obviously, the growth it will kind of keep expanding 
the overall revenue base, bringing some further efficiencies on some of our central costs. So, 
that's how we kind of see it. I am not drawing down in terms of the number perspective, b ut I 
thought I will at least draw down it from the perspective of understanding the interplay of 
margins to fixed cost investments. 
Ankit Gupta: Sure, basically, let's say it's next year, hopefully the industry revives, and with our efforts, our 
SSSG goes back to 4% to 5% and with this operating efficiency kicking in, FY '27 can be a year 
where we should see a big jump in our EBITDA margins, with SSSG of course coming back. 
That's an assumption. 
Rajeev Varman: Yes, Ankit, you can build your model on the pri nciples we have shared. Very simply, there is 
efficiency in the P&L that we spoke about, which is that current volumes. There is going to be 
volume increases, which come on the top of same store sales. And then there is growth, right? 
New restaurants being built. So, these are three levers that will impact your company -level 
EBITDA line. And all three levers are w orking. We hope that the SSSG lever will get bigger 
and bigger. But there is a growth lever that we continue to do and there is a efficiency lever that 
we have demonstrated quarter -over-quarter-over-quarter to you that we continue to make that 
more efficient. So, all three levers will work there, so as you kind of build your model, make 
sure that you are addressing those. 
Ankit Gupta: Sure sir. And this last question on the Indonesian part -- 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt Ankit, if you have a follow-up question, please rejoin the queue. Thank you. 
Ankit Gupta: Sure. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, this was the last question for today.  I 
now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Rajeev Varman: Thank you, Iqra. Thank you everyone for joining in. I really appreciate your confidence in the 
business, your appreciation and all the motivation you provide to the team over here. We are 
very thankful to everyone that is kind of giving us this nudge and push  and asking tough 
questions. We like those as well. 
 Look, the team is completely focused on getting this business in a decent scientific and organized 
way over time period to grow into a very, very strong business here in India. I think we have 
demonstrated over the last 8 to 12 quarters how we can bring a very efficient P&L, how we can 
stay in a very tough environment, still stay positive on our traffic, both on delivery as well as 
===== PAGE 22 =====
 Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 Page 21 of 21 
dine-in, and then how we can continue to grow profitably. So, we have demonstrated that we are 
working key on these priorities. 
 Indonesia is one of the most important priority for Sumit, myself and Sandeep. Sandeep is on 
the line. Obviously, he did  not get a chance to speak today. But I can assure you that Sandeep 
and his team have done a fantastic job on the Burger King side. Fantastic job. Because we are 
seeing those greenshoots coming out and you can have a feel for someone like me who has been 
30 years in this business. You can see that that business is turning around and going in the right 
direction. 
 We have a chall enge with Popeyes. We understand that. We did Burger King. Now, we are 
looking at Popeyes. But we also have parallel streams. We have promised that. We are working 
on that. So, whatever works best for Indonesia, the team is on it. The team is on it. And we will 
share with you as we make progress in Indonesia. But we appreciate all the comments on both 
Indonesia as well as India. Thank you so much. And great November to all of you. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Restaurant Brands Asia that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines.  
____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
(This document has been edited for readability) 
 