
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
Sapphire Foods India Limited                                                           +91 022 67522300  
CIN: L55204HR2009PLC145722                                    info@sapphirefoods.in 
                   www.sapphirefoods.in  
Registered Office: SCO 328, Sector - 9, Panchkula -134109, Haryana 
Corporate Office:  702, Prism Tower, A-Wing, Mindspace, Link Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai- 400062 
 
Date: 30th July 2026 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: SAPPHIRE 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001  
 
Scrip Code: 543397 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript – Q1 FY27 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of earnings call held on Fri day, 
24th July 2026, in relation to the financial results of the Company for the quarter ended 30th June 
2026. 
 
The said Earnings Call Transcript is also available at the website of the Company 
(https://www.sapphirefoods.in/investors-relation/financials) under FY 202 6-27 Quarter 1 
section. 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
 
Sachin Dudam 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Sapphire Foods India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call.” 
July 24, 2026 
 
 
 
      
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY PUROHIT – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SAPPHIRE 
FOODS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VIJAY JAIN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA 
LIMITED 
MR. KAUSHIK VANKADKAR – HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA LIMITED 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Sapphire Foods India Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sapphire Fo ods Q1 FY '27 Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be no 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Sanjay Purohit from Sapphire Foods. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Sanjay. 
Sanjay Purohit: Welcome to the Sapphire Foods Q1 FY '27 business performance highlights. Let me jump in. 
You should have the presentation already available with you. Q1 FY '27 was our second 
consecutive quarter of strong performance with 15% revenue growth, best in the last eleven  
quarters and 32% adjusted EBITDA growth, best in the last fifteen  quarters. This was led by 
positive SSSG across all three brand verticals, KFC India, Pizza Hut India and Sri Lanka 
businesses. 
 Our Q1 FY '27  revenue was INR 888 crores, up 15%, as I said. We added sixteen  KFC 
restaurants, five Pizza Hut in India, one Pizza Hut in Sri Lanka. Our total restaurant count was 
1,074 as of 30th June 2026. Consolidated restaurant EBITDA was up 23% year-on-year. Margin 
was 13%, up 80 basis points. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA came in at INR75 crores, up 37% 
year-on-year and margin was 8.4%. Consol EBITDA, which is post Ind AS was INR140.6 crores 
or 15.8%, up by 24% year -on-year or up by 120 basis points. Consolidated adjusted PBT was 
INR27.3 crores or 3.1% and consolidated PBT was INR16.2 crores or 1.8%, up 200 basis points. 
 Let me now take you straight to the KFC highlights. KFC delivered 5% SSSG and 17% system 
growth with very strong dine-in and takeaway contribution, largely because of our two-pronged 
strategy to drive consumer recruitment. I've called this out in my last investor presentation also. 
At one level, we've got strong everyday value, the INR 99 chicken crisper burger meal 
accompanied by advertising that enables new consumer recruitment. 
 We had also shared a YouTube clip of the new advertising. So we believe that it's a combination 
of advertising and this everyday value that is driving change of consumer behavior and moving 
new consumers to start considering KFC as part of their repertoire. 
 Apart from that in more evolved chicken markets, we also have a disruptive abundant value 
strategy on select base, perhaps once a month, where we offer , buy one get one on our hot and 
crispy buckets backed by localized advertising. These offers are only present on the dine-in and 
takeaway channel, and this has enabled very strong growth on these channels. 
 Our innovations for the quarter include KFC Shawowrma (on Slide number 21) and the Double 
Chicken Dynamite, and both products are fantastic products. Double Chicken Dynamite is two  
fillets of chicken and in between, you've got a layer of noodles and cheese. Our digital kiosks 
are implemented on about 75% of stores. We launched sixteen new stores last year. Vijay, could 
you take the numbers, please? 
Vijay Jain: Yes. I'm on Slide number 24, channel -wise sales mix. Dine -in and takeaway sales for KFC 
improved from 57% to 59%. This is on basis of the strong dine -in takeaway value campaigns. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Sapphire Foods India Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
KFC SSSG came at 5% for the Q1 FY '27 and the overall revenue grew by 17%. Gross margin 
improved by 160 basis points over last quarter. 
 This was a combination of lower discounts compared to last year as well as price increase of 2% 
during the quarter. This, combined with improved dine -in and takeaway mix, better operating 
leverage meant that the restaurant EBITDA improved by 120 basis points over last year. And 
this is despite the challenges in terms of the pricing pressures which we faced on the energy cost, 
especially in the terms of gas cost. The overall restaurant EBITDA came at very healthy 16.9%. 
 Slide number 27 gives you the 4 -year and 5 -quarter trend. As can be seen from the last three 
quarters, the performance on the brand is improving, and this is quite encouraging as we move 
into the next quarter. 
Sanjay Purohit: From a Pizza Hut perspective, we had 1% SSSG after five  quarters. Both dine-in and delivery 
channels were similar SSSG. We launched new products, the new Crafted Flatzz product, baked 
chicken wings, a new line of masala beverages. And our TN continues to do well, especially the 
dine-in business. 
 I've said this now for the last 8 quarters at least: this gives us a template; a clear strategy that is 
differentiated from the number one. First, the customer experience is rooted in dine -in with 
strong omnichannel execution, great product backed by innovations, and heightened marketing 
spend allow us to be a strong number two in the market and for the brand to do well. 
Vijay Jain: On slide number 34, channel-wise sales mix. Dine-in and takeaway mix remained same as the 
previous year at 50%. Pizza Hut had SSSG of 1%, as mentioned by Sanjay, after five  quarters 
of positive SSSG. In terms of revenue growth, overall 3% and gross margin improved by 80 
basis points, again, here as well on the basis of lower discounts and a price increase of 2% taken 
towards the end of the quarter. However, higher energy cost impacted the restaurant EBITDA, 
which came at loss of 3.6%, down by 110 basis points. 
 Slide 37 gives you 4-year and 5 -quarter trend. positive 1% SSSG, including more importantly, 
dine-in and takeaway positive SSSG is encouraging as we move forward. 
Sanjay Purohit: Our Sri Lanka business had another quarter of strong SSSG. However, profitability remained an 
issue because of inflationary pressures. So cost of sales increased because of the depreciation of 
the Sri Lankan rupee, minimum wage increase and cost of utilities and fuel increasing because 
of the geopolitical crisis in the Middle East. 
Vijay Jain: Slide number 42 gives channel-wise sales mix. The dine-in and takeaway mix came in at 60%, 
almost similar to last year. SSSG was very healthy at 9% and overall revenue grew by 14% in 
LKR terms. Gross margin improved by 220 basis points. And while gross margin improved, as 
mentioned by Sanjay, the higher energy c ost, wage inflation impacted the overall restaurant 
EBITDA, which came in at 12%. 
 Slide 46 gives 4-year and 5-quarter trend. The current quarter has been challenging in terms of 
profitability. However, just like previous challenges, whether it in terms of COVID or the 
political turmoil experienced by the country, our business has been resilient, and we have always 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Sapphire Foods India Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
bounced back strongly. We expect this impact to also be short term in nature. And in the long 
term, we remain quite positive about the business. 
Sanjay Purohit: Finally, we had our Annual General Body Meeting on the 21st, a couple of days ago, and we are 
happy to release our annual report for FY  2025-26. I would urge you to go through the same. 
That's it from Vijay and me, and now we'll open it up for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Avi Mehta: I just wanted to check two  things. One, wanted to get your thoughts on how should we look at 
the demand environment , we've seen in KFC ; same-store sales growth is like similar -ish. We 
saw 6% in last quarter, adjusted for the festive in Q4  and now we've seen 5%, while Pizza Hut 
has moved to positive. So I wanted to get your thoughts on how do you see demand in the last 
quarter and trending as we speak? It would be useful to get your comments on that. 
Sanjay Purohit: Yes. So I don't think there's been any material improvement in the demand environment. I would 
say it has remained similar. Some of the upside at KFC, that we are seeing is as a direct outcome 
of the work that we have done to improve sales. I think the same thing is with Pizza Hut. As 
Pizza Hut dine-in sales has improved, the overall brand has done well. 
Avi Mehta: Okay. And has this changed as we exited the quarter or any kind of comments that you would 
like to make about how things are trending as we speak? 
Sanjay Purohit: So it's really tough to trend on a month-on-month basis. April, May were good. June was not so 
good. July is good because of the difference of Shravan starting in North, earlier last year to this 
year. So I think it's a little tough to say. 
Avi Mehta: Okay. The second bit was, I understand the profitability performance and it's kind of kudos to 
you on that. But on Sri Lanka, how should we look at the equation now? What measures can be 
taken to move that up? And that would be the only thing because on the other businesses, I think 
you're on the path to improving profitability or maintaining profitability. But here, I'm not very 
clear. So any clarity on that would be helpful. 
Sanjay Purohit: First of all, on India, if SSSG comes, then profitability improves. So that's the simple adage for  
KFC; as SSSG improved, we were able to deliver better profitability, even in spite of pressures 
on fuel costs, which actually hit everyone quite hard. 
 In Sri Lanka, it's a little more susceptible to shocks. O ur business there is absolutely incredibly 
strong. Our team there is incredibly strong. The way that we execute is , head and shoulders 
above everyone else. So through COVID, and  the earlier protests that had happened in the 
country, we put our head down and we said, we've got to continue to drive transaction growth. 
 And if we do that, over a period of time, we will get back  to profitability because we'll be able 
to either take pricing or input costs will come down, and so on and so forth. So that continues to 
remain our focus: drive transactions. If there is a short-term impact because of cost of sales, grin 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Sapphire Foods India Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
and bear it, but don't lose out on momentum in driving sales and revenue because everything 
else we can recover. 
Avi Mehta: Got it. Sanjay, so would it be fair to say that the movement to normalization in Sri Lanka might 
be a few quarters away? Is that how I should read this? 
Vijay Jain: At least a couple of quarters away. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shubhi Gupta from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Shubhi Gupta: Sir, my question is that we are seeing some operating leverage in play with the numbers. I wanted 
to understand at what SSSG threshold does this leverage kick in, specifically with brands like 
Pizza Hut? 
Vijay Jain: Irrespective of the brand, typically at a 3% to 5% SSSG, when you start comparing with the last 
year's number, it takes care of the inflation in terms of the wage cost  and the other costs in the 
P&L. So that's normally neutral for the P&L. Having said that, because we were able to get 
efficiencies this year on various cost lines, that has helped us create leverage even at 3% to 5% 
SSSG. 
 But the general benchmark is in the range of 3% to 5%. If you're below that, you will typically 
end up losing restaurant percentage margin. And if you are above that, you will start gaining the 
percentage margin. I think what has helped us over the last year in terms of generating leverage 
is also on the gross margin front. The reduction in the discounts, which started October last year, 
has helped us greatly. We have taken a small amount of price increase in this particular quarter, 
which has helped improve gross margin and, thereby, it has helped bottom line as well. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Manjeet Buaria from Saamya Advisors LLP. 
Manjeet Buaria: Sir, I had three questions. One was with Yum! Brands looking to sell Pizza Hut globally . How 
does that impact our Master Franchisee Agreement with Yum! related to Pizza Hut, if you could 
share some light there? Second, you alluded to SSSG being a key driver for margins, and that's 
quite intuitive. If you could also give us some sense on where the ADS needs to be for us to 
come back to that about 18%  — 20% restaurant level margins, because we have had 2.5 years 
of soft SSSG. So I'm not able to sort of reconcile the SSSG and ADS , and the levels at which 
they both need to be. 
 And the final question, again, was from your perspective. Despite driving a strong value offering, 
SSSG of 5% seems low in context of 2  to 2.5 years of very low base quarters. So if you could 
share some light on why that  is the case. Or maybe that is what you had expected when you 
launched the value offering. Those are my questions. 
Vijay Jain: So, on the first part, we mentioned in the previous call as well that the global sale at the parent 
level of the Pizza Hut brand doesn't really impact us. Our current agreements in terms of the 
franchisee arrangement continues. In fact, if anything, we consid er this to be  positive because 
the new brand owner who comes in will have  a renewed focus, because that person is putting 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Sapphire Foods India Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
money on the table. I'm sure they would work towards the upliftment of the brand, and it augers 
well for the brand as we move forward. 
 On the second question, on ADS levels for KFC. In a typical year, the ADS level would actually 
remain constant. How it works is that when you're trying to grow restaurants by 10% to 15% in 
terms of new store count, those new restaurants come in at 80%  to 85% of A DS levels of the 
brand’s average. 
 At the same time, we are looking for a 5%  to 6% SSSG, which will improve the ADS level by 
5% to 6%. These two lines actually neutralize each other. What has happened over the last 2 to 
2.5 years is that we kept adding new restaurants, which brought the ADS levels down. 
Unfortunately, at the same time, we were not getting positive SSSG. So that is what happened. 
 Currently, the focus is not to get back immediate ly to 17%, 18% or 19% margin. I think the 
entire focus over the last few quarters has been to get the SSSG back. As long as we are able to 
get the SSSG back, the first thing it does is help prevent us from slipping further in terms of 
restaurant EBITDA margin. Even a 16 .9% margin right now for the brand is a very strong and 
healthy margin. 
 And the focus in the near term would be to drive SSSG and not try to  take the margin towards 
18%. On the third point, regarding the value offering, it is still delivering SSSG of 5%. SSSG of 
5% in a really tough conditions, we are quite happy with it. Of course, we would love to have a 
higher SSSG, but it's the start. Three quarters ago, we were not able to generate positive SSSG. 
In fact, we were on negative SSSG. We tried various campaigns, but things were not clicking. 
 I think we have finally found a solution where , using a two-pronged strategy in terms of value, 
both on everyday value and selective disruptive value, we are able to drive SSSG. Even 
currently, the inflationary pressure s continue, and we don't really think the external macro 
environment is favoring demand from a consumer sentiment point of view. We are barely out of 
a negative SSSG over those last two  quarters. So I think getting a 5% SSSG is quite positive. 
And if we are able to hold on to that in the coming quarters, we'll be quite happy. 
Manjeet Buaria: Sir, can I ask one follow-up question, please? 
Vijay Jain: Go ahead. 
Manjeet Buaria: Sir, if you could also give some sense of whether the recovery on SSSG is broad- based across 
all our geographies? Or are there certain states which are lagging meaningfully from a demand 
perspective? 
Vijay Jain: So over the last two  quarters, we have seen a broad -based recovery. Having said that, as we 
called out even in the previous quarter, we believe this SSSG is a combination of two  things. 
Certainly, some amount of consumer sentiment recovery, which we saw in the last two quarters. 
 But having said that, I think we are able to generate higher SSSG for the specific measures which 
we took, which is again, what I called out : the two-pronged strategy. In the case of Pizza Hut, 
our four-course meal  and Buy One, Get One offer have really  helped us drive dine -in and 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Sapphire Foods India Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
takeaway transaction, and that's the most heartening part. So it's a combination of a slight 
improvement in the external factors, but a lot of work which we have done over the last few 
quarters. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Anuj from Antique Stock Broking. 
Anuj: These are two questions from my end. So firstly, how are you looking at as of KFC network 
expansion for the full year? And secondly, given that we ar e starting to see operating costs  
moderate, and as you mentioned about price hike s are starting to be tak en, how has the on-
ground customer response been?  Are you seeing any sort of progression in terms of SSSG  on 
account of the price hike? Or how is transaction growth faring? These are two  questions from 
my side. 
Vijay Jain: I was not able to clearly understand your first query.  You can come again. The voice was 
echoing. 
Anuj: The first question is on how we look at  KFC store expansion for the full year? I think earlier 
guidance is around 60 to 80 stores. So what is the plan for the year for KFC? 
Vijay Jain: It remains the same. The earlier guidance for KFC in terms of 60 to 80 stores in a year remains 
the same. That continues. No change in that particular guidance. On Pizza Hut, we have called 
out that we will be quite cautious in terms of store expansion. That w as the case for calendar 
year '25. That will remain the case for even calendar year '26. And I'm calling out calendar year 
because that's how we operate with Yum! in terms of store expansion plans. That's on a calendar 
year basis. 
 The second query in terms of price hike and how that's impacting the on- ground customer 
sentiment and the demand. We have been quite careful in terms of how we have approached this 
particular price hike. We have taken it in two instalments. One percent was taken in April, 0.5% 
to 1% was taken in June. The s ame thing for Pizza Hut, it was taken across two  instalments of 
1% each. 
 We have been quite cautious i n how we approached the price hike. And when we do a price 
hike, it's not a flat price hike across the entire menu. We try and see the lines where the demand 
will be slightly more inelastic in terms of price hike. And so far, we have not seen any major 
impact because of the price hike on our SSSG or consumer demand. Does that answer? 
Anuj: Yes. That answer my question. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of from Pratik from M3 Investments. 
Pratik: I just wanted to understand how the demand environment is in the new stores of KFC, the ones 
that you may have opened in the smaller cities in India. Together, you and Devyani would have 
around 1,300 KFC stores  so you would have expanded into the smaller cities. Could you give 
us an idea how the unit economics work in the smaller cities? 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Sapphire Foods India Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Vijay Jain: From a profitability point of view, the smaller city stores versus, Tier 1 metro stores and from a 
payback point of view, work similarly. What's different is the ADS levels and the cost of 
operating that store. While the ADS will be 20% lower in a smaller town compared to a Tier 1 
metro but the cost will also be significantly lower. 
 As a result, from a profitability perspective as well as the payback perspective, it works similar 
to Tier 1 stores. So there is no difference. And in terms of the performance over the last year, 
the stores which we have opened continues to perform reasonably well. And that's the reason we 
continue with our expansion plan of 60 to 80 stores. 
 We have always called out that our expansion is based on looking at the metrics in terms of how 
the new store performs on a continuous basis. If we feel those strike rates are dropping, we would 
immediately drop our store expansion plan. But over the last 2  to 3 years for KFC, we have 
continued to perform reasonably well. As a result, we continue to expand 60 to 80 stores per 
year. 
Pratik: Also, I would like to understand if you think that KFC in India has the potential to have about 
4,000 to 5,000 stores over a fairly long period, maybe 10 to 15 years or so. And does that depend 
on how the smaller cities are doing, and whether you think that those cities can support so many 
stores? 
Vijay Jain: Right now, we would try and look at a 3-year or 5-year horizon, and we have always called out 
that from a 5 -year horizon, we would love to double our store count. Looking at the 4,000 to 
5,000 stores in India eventually is, of course, possible because we have always called out both 
KFC and Pizza Hut in terms of QSR is a multi-decade opportunity. 
 And in terms of KFC, there are two things going in its favor. First, it's the protein. And second, 
once the per capita income increases, of course, that kind of opportunity is possible. But it would 
be very foolish right now to think of 4,000 to 5,000 stores in the near future. W e'll keep our 
focus on the next five years where, we plan to double the store count. 
Pratik: Sure. And my last question. I would like to know what steps you have taken in Pizza Hut 
recently? And if you saw any changes in demand environment for Pizza Hut due to the steps that 
you took or how the response has been and how you and Devyani maybe are looking to turn this 
brand around? 
Vijay Jain: There are no new steps taken for Pizza Hut. What we have been doing over the last  two years, 
Sapphire in particular, is our  dine-in forward omnichannel strategy, and that continues for us. 
Tamil Nadu, being an exclusive territory, is where the focus has been for last one  year, where 
we have been able to put additional money behind the brand. T he results have been quite 
encouraging and significantly different compared to the rest of India. 
 Last year, we called out that while Pizza Hut as a brand struggled, the Tamil Nadu territory 
delivered double-digit delta performance in terms of SSSG, and in terms of restaurant EBITDA 
as well. Even in the current quarter, the Tamil Nadu performance continues. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Sapphire Foods India Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
 The dine-in and takeaway performance in Tamil Nadu  even currently delivers significantly 
superior performance compared to rest of India. So we believe we have a blueprint ready. It's 
just that once the CCI approval comes in, both franchisees will be able to sit across the table and 
decide on a common way forward for Pizza Hut brand. Until then, we continue to focus on the 
brand in Tamil Nadu in particular, and on the dine-in and takeaway channel. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Harish Advani from Axis Capital. 
Harish Advani: I just wanted you to give a breakdown of the  SSSG number in terms of  transaction growth 
versus ticket growth, if you could share that? 
Vijay Jain: We don't really give out those numbers , to be fair. Having said that, the SSSG is positive for 
KFC, it's positive for Pizza Hut. And in particular, it's positive for dine -in and takeaway. And 
dine-in and takeaway is running ahead of delivery. 
Harish Advani: Got it. And just to get a sense of the dynamics between the two aggregators that you work with; 
are they calling out any increased competition on that side , or has that been relatively benign 
this time in terms of the discounting that some of the other brands might be doing on those 
platforms? 
Vijay Jain: We haven't heard about any heightened competition on these two  aggregators, at least for the 
last few quarters. 
Harish Advani: Perfect, sir. And last question from my side. Given the way the RM situation is evolving, are we 
left with any more price hikes that we may need to take, or are we able to manage it at the current 
level of price hikes that we have taken? 
Vijay Jain: Right now, we are quite happy with the current price hikes. And again, just to refresh the strategy 
on price hikes, we have always called out that we never take price hikes exactly same as inflation. 
So we would typically restrict our price hikes to 50% to 60% of the inflation, and the rest of the 
impact we would try and manage through efficiencies on our supply chain and efficiencies 
through other lines on the P&L. 
 Even if we are not able to manage it, we might as well take the impact on the restaurant EBITDA, 
but we would never take price hikes in line with the inflation, because in the long run that would 
impact the customer sentiment and transactions later. Currently, this is good enough, but we 
really never know; with the wars coming back, what will be the scenario in the next two quarters. 
But currently, we are quite happy with the price hikes we have taken. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Gautam Rathi from CWC. 
Gautam Rathi: Sir, I wanted to understand two  things. One, when you said you have reduced some discounts 
on the Pizza Hut side as well as taken up 2% of price, can you help me understand what would 
be the total impact on the customer bill value combined for these two changes? 
Vijay Jain: So the price hike that has been taken is in the range of 2% to 3%. As I called out, Pizza Hut is at 
that level , and KFC is 2% or slightly lesser . Typically, when the price hike happens in the 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Sapphire Foods India Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
immediate term, what happens is the customer readjust s the bill, and you really never see the 
price hike coming through in terms of an increase in APC. So that's what happens. Price hikes 
are a way to manage gross margins. It's not really a way to get revenue going up by 2% or 3%. 
So the customer bills have remained largely similar pre and post price hikes.  
Gautam Rathi: Discounts would have been reduced  too, if you can help me with that. I understand the ticket 
value point, because a customer would have downgraded. But approximately, what was the kind 
of reduction in discount plus like this 2% to 3%? I'm just trying to understand that part. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, stay connected. The management line is disconnected. Ladies and 
gentlemen, the management line is connected. 
Vijay Jain: So between the price hike, where we said 2% to 3%, and the discount reduction, and it could be 
anywhere between 50 bps to 1%. So that's the total impact you can see that would have on the 
consumer. But as I said, finally the APC does not go up by that kind of amount. The APC remains 
in the same range. Finally, the customer balances the basket. 
Gautam Rathi: I understood. And the second thing was , I just wanted to understand something fundamentally 
for this industry, specifically on the pizza category side. For the last two to three years, we have 
been seeing that broadly, pricing in this industry has become damn difficult. Across the two top 
players I'm talking about, both you and Domino's have been talking about not taking price hikes 
and giving more and more value. 
 Has something structurally changed for this industry or this category, which is leading to this 
kind of strain? I understand the strain on the consumer, right? But how long would you subsidize 
the customer from your P&L,? Because I understand if it's transitory: three months, six months, 
twelve months. But for last two  to three years, we have been hearing this again and again, and 
it's just difficult to take commensurate price hike to match the kind of inflation. So just your 
thoughts will be very helpful on how you think about it? 
Vijay Jain: So again, the journey for Pizza Hut has been quite different in terms of the pricing. Several years 
ago, we were considered quite expensive when we compare our prices to Domino's especially. 
And in 2021, we said, finally, we have to tick mark that value bucket, and we were considerably 
behind. And hence we took a call that in terms of price hikes, we won't take too many or large 
price hikes. 
 Also, we introduced a Flavour Fun range of pizzas. And today, we have reduced our gap vis -a-
vis Domino's considerably. In fact, we are probably as competitive as Domino's is in terms of 
our pricing. So that was a strategy to make sure that the customer proposition goes strong. It was 
not a strategy that we were trying to subsidize or do anything of that sort. And while doing that, 
in the process, we were anyways giving discounts to the customers. 
 Those discounts to the customers were in the form of a day-wise discount on a particular day or 
a particular channel. All those discounts got rolled in and actually were baked into the everyday 
low pricing. So that was the strategy. We didn't really lose on our gross margin. So if you look 
at our gross margin percentages over the year, they still remain quite healthy. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Sapphire Foods India Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
 The challenge is to drive transactions. And if you are able to drive transactions, especially dine-
in and takeaway transactions, the business would come back. So I don't really think the challenge 
is in terms of not being able to pass on the inflation. In fact, if anything, our value strategy is 
finally helping us drive the customers back in. 
 And after a very long period of time, across both brands, we are able to grow both dine -in and 
takeaway transactions vis-a-vis delivery. So the problem is not the pricing. The problem is, are 
you able to generate enough demand out there? And are you able to get enough customers into  
your store to get the SSSG to get the desired unit economics. 
Gautam Rathi: Understood. That's quite helpful. If I may follow up just on this  one. So structurally, is it just 
that it has become quite more difficult to get the customers to the store?  Delivery, I understand 
there are two aggregators who are pushing the throttle. But is it also structurally become difficult 
to get the customer to the store? 
Vijay Jain: I think now both KFC and Pizza Hut have been demonstrating to us, especially over the last two 
to three quarters, that if we are able to deliver the right value to the customer, backed by a right 
marketing message to drive customer recruitment, it's not impossible to get customers back into 
the stores. Over  the last three quarters, we have been able to drive transactions in our dine-in 
and takeaway channel. 
 Also, initially, delivery had a great run in terms of the benefit, the convenience which customers 
used to get also came at a greatly discounted prices. Over a period of time, the pricing has finally 
caught up. Today, the convenience does not come at really greatly discounted prices. 
 Hence, today and increasingly, we are getting a level playing field between dine -in, takeaway 
and delivery. And with the right value proposition backed by marketing, we have already shown 
that we can get dine-in and takeaway transactions. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie Capital. 
Avi Mehta: I just wanted to check with you on one conceptual bit. See, for this quarter and for the last few 
quarters, we've seen a divergence emerge between your headline sales growth and that of the 
aggregators. Now, you've obviously taken measures for some time to rekindle the dine -in and 
takeaway formats. But how would you, Sanjay, look at this: is that divergence likely to continue, 
given the way the number of restaurants or the industry growth is likely to be? So your thoughts 
on that would be very useful. 
Vijay Jain: And just for clarification, when you say divergence, you're looking at the two  different growth 
numbers, what Sapphire is delivering versus the growth delivered by the aggregators. That's 
what you're referring to as divergence? 
Avi Mehta: That is correct, Vijay. I'm just essentially looking at headline order value growth for one, versus 
your headline, even if I take any of the formats. That is where I'm coming from. 
Vijay Jain: Yes. If I look at the last year, KFC struggled in terms of SSSG . Last year, we delivered 11% 
growth and the SSSG was quite challenging. But if I just strip out that last year, prior to that, 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Sapphire Foods India Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
KFC growth was going almost hand-in-hand with the aggregator growth as well, the foodservice 
business, which was in the range of 18% to 20%. KFC was growing at 17%, 18%. We are back 
to 17% growth on KFC because SSSG is back. 
 Also, a component of our growth which the aggregators have been seeing over the last three-
four years has been in terms of the take rates , and take rates are not just on the commission. 
There are various charges, platform charges, which have  been increasing. So if you strip that 
off, as long as we get the SSSG of 5%, 6%, KFC should be able to match that kind of growth 
rate, which will be anywhere between 15% to 20%. 
 Pizza Hut, the challenge has been different. In Pizza Hut, we are not expanding unless we are 
able to finally fix the overall brand challenge, the brand proposition, and have a unified strategy 
between both the franchises, we cannot expand. And until the expansion happens, it will be 
difficult to drive double -digit growth or 15% growth. So those are 2 different issues for KFC 
and Pizza Hut. KFC can be right up there i n terms of the matching the growth, which could be 
in the range of 15% to 20%. 
Avi Mehta: Got it. Very clear. Just a follow-up, again a strategy question in a way. Looking at just the KFC 
format or looking at both formats, from a demand point of view, we've seen a period where 
growth momentum has been more or less flattish. Now at least it's flattish ; it was declining for 
some time. 
 Would that entail a different thought process in terms of either store additions  or in terms of 
what you focus on at the store? Any thoughts on that? Because clearly, then you're essentially 
looking at a shrinking pie , and then you would like to kind of conserve your bullets to some 
extent. So how do you look at this demand environment and kind of responding based on that ? 
Your thoughts over there? 
Vijay Jain: So undoubtedly, SSSG is a factor which would always be there a t the back of the mind and in 
our calculation when it comes to store expansion. And if you see, we have slightly moderated.  
If you compare our numbers with, two-three years ago, when we were even adding 80-90 stores 
in a year, compared to that 60 to 80 on a higher base, there is some amount of moderation. And 
this moderation takes into account the slow or negative SSSG which we had over the last one or 
two years. 
 Having said that, we have also called out that our new store expansion is based on the metrics 
or strike rates, which we track internally. One is , whenever we launch x number of stores in a 
year, at the end of one year, what level of ADS we are delivering and what the strike rates are 
compared to what we have taken in payback. If that's healthy, that's a tick mark for us. 
 Within that cohort of stores, we try and see whether 75%, 80% of stores are actually achieving 
those strike rates or not. Even if that's there, that's second tick mark for us. And as long as we 
have those two ticks, we are quite comfortable to go out there and open stores. 
 And SSSG is undoubtedly a benchmark, but that will automatically reflect in poorer strike rates. 
If the strike rate goes poor, we are happy to moderate our store expansion even further , as has 
been demonstrated in case of Pizza Hut where we were opening 50 -60 stores at one period of 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Sapphire Foods India Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
time, which came down to 30 -20. And now , last calendar year, it was next to zero  or actually 
zero. So those strike rates will be the guiding factor for us. SSSG is one of the factors, but 
primarily the strike rates. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ashutosh from MIT. 
Ashutosh: Just a couple of questions. First would be, since this quarter we have seen the trend in dine -in 
improving, I just wanted to get some color on how the new customer acquisition has been. And 
typically, when you see this number accelerating, what kind of order frequency do these 
customers have, given the context of the very attractive value offers that we are currently having? 
 So any color on that?  And secondly, on Sri Lanka, given the inflationary pressure currently, 
would there be any change in the guidance of high single-digit so add 8% to 10 that we target? 
Sanjay Purohit: So it's tough to give you quarter -on-quarter absolute numbers on new consumer acquisition. 
Suffice to say, one proxy metric that we use is that our transaction is growing. And again, our 
same-store transaction growth has been higher than our same -store sales growth. So that's the 
positive part. On Sri Lanka, the guidance, we should be in that same region. 
Sanjay Purohit: High single digit. 
Vijay Jain: So we won't react. We have said this previously also, our quarter's performance , whether good 
performance or bad performance, is not good enough for us to react in terms of the store opening 
plan for the immediate future. So one  quarter of challenging performance on profitability,  and 
just mind you, we still had a really good quarter in terms of the SSSG for the brand. So the 
guidance remains for this particular year. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Sanjay Purohit for closing comments. 
Sanjay Purohit: Thank you, everybody, for your patience and participation in the Q1 FY ‘27  business 
performance highlights. I want to emphasize this was a really strong quarter for us: KFC SSSG 
growth, KFC EBITDA growth, 15% consolidated growth, which was the best in our 11 quarters. 
37% adjusted EBITDA growth, which is the best in our last 15 quarters. So a really good quarter. 
 And the fact that SSSG on KFC, Pizza Hut and Sri Lanka, all three,  were positive is the 
heartening part, and the reason why both growth and EBITDA have come the way they have . 
Thank you so much. We will see you in a quarter's time. Good day. Have a good weekend. 
Moderator: On behalf of Sapphire Foods, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 