
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered Office : 2nd Floor, ABR Emerald, Plot No. D-8, Street No. 16, MIDC, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 093 
CIN : L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
February 06, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relations Department 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543248 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
SYMBOL: RBA 
 
Sub.: Investors and Analyst Call Transcript 
Ref.: Regulation 30 read with Schedule III  of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to the SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call with 
the Investors and Analysts with respect to Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2025, held on Wednesday, 
February 04, 2026 at 9:30 a.m. (IST). 
 
The same is being made available on the website of the Company viz. www.burgerking.in. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
 
 
 
Shweta Mayekar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(Membership No.: A23786) 
 
Encl.: As above 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 04, 2026 
 
         
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV VARMAN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – RESTAURANT 
BRANDS ASIA LIMITED 
 
 MR. SUMIT ZAVERI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
AND CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER – RESTAURANT BRANDS 
ASIA LIMITED 
 
 MR. KAPIL GROVER – GROUP CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER 
– RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA LIMITED 
 
 MR. SANDEEP DEY – BRAND PRESIDENT, INDONESIA – 
RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA LIMITED 
 
 MR. GAURAV AJJAN – HEAD OF CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT AND INVESTOR RELATION – RESTAURANT 
BRANDS ASIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. NAVEEN TRIVEDI – MOTILAL OSWAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 

===== PAGE 3 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to the Restaurant Brands Asia Q3 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Naveen Trivedi from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services Limited for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, Naveen. 
Naveen Trivedi: Yes. Thank you so much. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Motilal O swal, I, Naveen 
Trivedi, would like to welcome you all to the Restaurant Brands Asia 3Q FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. From the management today, we have Mr.  Rajeev Varman, Whole -Time 
Director and Group CEO; Mr. Sumit Zaveri, Group CFO and Chief Business Officer; Mr. Kapil 
Grover, Group CMO; Mr. Sandeep Dey, Brand President, Indonesia; and Mr. Gaurav Ajjan, 
Head of Corporate Development and IR. 
 I would now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks. Over to you, Raj. 
Rajeev Varman: Thank you. Good morning to everyone. Very, very good morning. Thank you for joining this 
early on this call. Thank you, everyone.  Quickly on the results. First of all, very, very, very 
excited to share with you the Q3 results in this very, very difficult and tough sales environment. 
RBA continues and Burger King India continues to kind of march on with the positive sales that 
it has been delivering in the past. This is the 11th consecutive quarter that we are reporting 
positive sales, thanks to all the hard work of the entire team sitting here around me. So we ended 
December 31 with 577 restaurants. 
 Today, actually, we have now reached 580. And by the end of this quarter, by 31st March, we 
should be at very close to 600 restaurants. That's an increase of, as of December, 67 year-over-
year and 44 restaurants over the last quarter. 
 Total revenue was INR 577 crores, which is up 16.5%. ADS was 117K, which is up due to our 
SSSG 4.5%. Gross margin, we delivered 69.9%, well on our way to cross the 70% mark. Year-
over-year, that's a 2.1% increase and 1.6% quarter -over-quarter, driven predominantly by the 
work we are doing on supply chain, getting the products closer to the restaurant by introducing 
new suppliers and reducing the transportation cost. So a lot of work there by Dipit and his team, 
and they are just moving this rapidly in the right direction. 
 The restaurant level EBITDA pre -Ind AS number is almost INR75 crores, INR749 million. 
That's up 25.7%. And the company EBITDA, which is, I think, the highest  we have reported 
ever, is at INR40.6 crores. That's up 31.5% year-over-year. So some very, very strong results on 
the India business. 
 Now the key strategies and what we have been sharing with you in the past, we continue to 
march on in the same direction . Value, which is one of our pillars, we continue to strengthen 
===== PAGE 4 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
value and move in the same direction by expanding the offerings to more and more consumers, 
as we also expand our portfolio, our footprint in different cities and different markets. 
 This year, we also spent a lot of time strengthening our core and premium menus. So while we 
worked very hard in the last 11 years on building a very strong value proposition to introduce 
our brand to customers around India, we have now started this journey of even strengthening the 
existing core menu, but also expanding into the premium menu. And you will see more and more 
communication on this part of the menu as we move forward. 
 Digital, we have been talking about self-ordering kiosks and table ordering, app ordering now 
for a very, very long time. Today, 92% of all orders that we service are all digital, including 
SOK orders. We have app orders. We have orders that are through delivery, which are all digital 
orders. 47% growth in monthly active users over previous year. That's a remarkable feat by the 
entire marketing team. So we congratulate them as well, as they build the digital. And you'll hear 
a lot on this digital platform. 
 Currently, we have worked in the last 2 years, and even this year, we have worked predominantly 
on bringing people into our app, which is what Kapil calls acquisition. And then from this phase, 
we have started to now starting to engage with them. We have all those tools in place to start 
engaging with those customers. And then as we move forward, Kapil will share with you what 
we are doing on retention and all the other aspects of securing this business. So a very, very 
strong digital view, and we continue to build on that. 
 Now I keep talking about profitability and the laser focus of th e team on getting the P&L at 
current ADS to produce more EBITDA, which you have seen in the Q3 results, and you will 
continue to see a similar effort as we move forward. Two-fold, one is on the product side, which 
is the gross margin. 
 I already told you t hat we are moving the food closer to the restaurant. That's the best way to 
make sure it's not only fresh, but it has less transportation time, less transportation costs, and it's 
more readily available to all the restaurants. So that's a big effort that we are putting. 
 The entire team, Dr. Sudhir Tamne, Dipit, and Madhuri Shenoy, they continue to work bringing 
this product closer and closer to the restaurants and hence helping us move in. The other thing 
that we have done is, on delivery, we have reduced discounts significantly. And we continue to 
grow the delivery business with reduced discounts. So you have a better margin. We've moved 
that margin by 2 points. And that's really, really what's driving also the profitability on our P&L. 
 And then Sumit Zaveri continues with his entire team, Nitin Bhayana and Sumeer Bedi and the 
rest of the operations teams led by Subramaniam Pillai in driving restaurant efficiency. And how 
are we doing that? We're doing that line -by-line item, laser-focused, utilities, rent reductions, 
you name it, other opex expenses and so forth. We have just installed the new broiler in over 
250 restaurants. We continue to do that.  That brings down our utility expenses significantly, 
right? 
===== PAGE 5 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 So this was designed in-house along with our vendor partner in the U.S. by Nitin and his team, 
and that has been a super success so far in the 250 restaurants we have installed. We continue to 
install that in balance of the restaurants. So that increases the efficiency on the P&L as well. So 
a lot of effort to drive the efficiency on those parts. 
 Very quick on the and Sandeep is here on the call as well. Sandeep leads the business in 
Indonesia, and he'll be available to answer any questions on the back half. Look, here, our focus 
has been to work very hard in turning around the business over there. I think we have made 
significant progress, significant progress on the Burger King side. The BK business now has a 
consecutive 4 quarters of SSSG positive increased sales on the back of some beautiful traffic in 
the dine-in business. 
 So that work is continuing. We have significantly reduced our losses there. And again, you know 
that we reduced G&A over there. G&A was reduced further this year by another IDR 9 billion, 
which is approximately INR4.5 crores. That's on top of the IDR 29 billion that we did last 2 
years in getting down the corporate G&A expenses. 
 So a lot of work that Sandeep and his team is doing there, and we congratulate him to move that 
business forward as well. Reduction in corporate overhead. I think we will continue that close 
to where we are, and we'll strengthen that. We are challenged over there with the Popeyes 
business. As you know, we only have 25 Popeyes over there, and the lack of significant 
marketing and growth path. So we, on a  very urgent basis, will be addressing the Popeyes 
business over there. 
 But overall, I think the Burger King business is nicely poised to get to the positive grounds in 
the future and all the work that Sandeep is doing there. Now the focus had been in the past, we 
had a gap in the chicken menu. While everyone had a strong chicken menu in a market which is 
rice and chicken staple food over there, we had significant gaps on the chicken side. And those 
chicken gaps were completed and filled last year. We got a spicy version of the chicken handheld 
BIC. In addition to the classic version that we had, we brought in wings and so forth. 
 So we have very, very strong chicken portfolio now, and we continue to lead that chicken 
portfolio through our value platform, and you will see a lot of that in the next year as Sandeep 
leads that business. And then we have been doing a lot of research and work on our burger side. 
And in addition to just doing the work in the product level as well, we have also done some 
consumer research on the burger side. And we have understood that Burger King Indonesia 
stands number 1 in burgers in that country. So we have a huge leverage and property  burgers 
where the consumers have come back and told us that burgers are the best at Burger King. 
 So you will find, moving forward, as we move this along, while we continue to build on sales 
on the value platform, which is chicken, you will find a lot of work from us on the burger side. 
Systematically, we are moving this business. Yes, it is taking time. Yes, it has moved. But we 
are doing this systematically, so that it's not a small band-aid approach to 1 quarter or a couple 
of quarters. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 This is a long-term view that we have taken. We are slowly moving the business, fill the gaps 
on the chicken s ide of building the portfolio on the burger side by not only improving the 
product, but you will see more and more communication of these products or the burger products 
in Indonesia. 
 So with that said, I'm going to turn it over to Sumit Zaveri, who will walk you through in detail 
the numbers, and then Kapil will take over on the marketing side. So over to you, Sumit. 
Sumit Zaveri: Thank you, Raj. I'll just kind of take you through the India business summary and some of the 
progress that we've done in Indonesia, before we get into the details on the marketing side. I'm 
on Slide 9, getting into the India business summary. We closed the quarter with 577 stores, a 
growth of 67 stores. As you can see, our growth predominantly has been back ended towards 
quarter 3 of the financial year of the quarter. 
 We're kind of working together as a team to make sure that this growth going forward becomes 
much more even as compared to being a little back ended, so that we can get the benefit of new 
stores that we opened for the capital deployment, get the revenue for those stores, the year in 
which we open these stores. That's an endeavor that we are going to work towards, and you will 
see that into the coming financial year onwards. 
 We are really very, very excited to look at the way our SSSG trajectory has always been and 
where it stands as far as this current quarter is concerned. We've been positive now almost, I 
could say, very easily, almost over now 3 years, except for 1 odd quarter, where we might have 
turned negative. In terms of SSSG, we've always reported positive SSSG. This quarter, we've 
gone to 4.5% in terms of SSSG. And why really we are excited about this 4.5% in terms of SSSG 
for the quarter is because typically, we've, over the last 2 years, seen quarter 3 to  be slightly 
muted. 
 This is the year we've now seen quarter 3 to become stronger and having a much stronger, better 
SSSG of 4.5%. So this is something which we are really excited about. We can see all the efforts 
that we have put together over the last few years on making sure that we have tapped the entire 
portfolio, making sure that the digital investments are present in all our stores, be it self-ordering 
kiosks, be it table service, are all starting to see results in our stores. 
 And as we open new stores, all these initiatives have now become part and parcel of all our new 
store openings. And we believe that we are kind of standing at a good point to take it forward 
here on from into the future. 
 Delivery mix continues to be at around 43%, 44%. But at the same time, our entire endeavor to 
improve the overall profitability on the delivery side has been working really well for us. As Raj 
mentioned, we've been able to improve the overall gross margin on the delivery side by almost 
around 2% over this period. Gross profit trajectory is something which we've always been proud 
of. We've always been mentioning that we will take this journey closer to 70%. 
 In the past also, we've been saying that it will not necessarily be sequential growth. We might 
see this growth as we really kind of work around on some of the opportunities that come our 
===== PAGE 7 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
way. We've been able to take the trajectory of gross margins at 70%. We have now got to our 
long target, and we believe that we will be able to improve further on the gross profit margins 
going forward. 
 As far as restaurant EBITDA, these are pre-Ind AS numbers. Our gross margin for the quarter 
stands at 13% with INR75 crores being generated at the restaurant level. And at the company 
level, we've reported company EBITDA of 7 %, INR40 crores or INR41 crores company 
EBITDA for the quarter. These numbers are again pre -Ind AS. And at a corporate EBITDA 
level, we have excluded a onetime effect of the wage code. 
 As you all will know, there is a wage code that got announced, got imp lemented towards later 
part of November. There is a onetime impact of INR2.3 crores that we've taken into our P&L. 
But these numbers on company EBITDA is before taking the impact of that. So exciting results, 
excited times ahead as far as India business is concerned. 
 Going on to Slide 11 for the overall Indonesia business. Raj clearly laid out the strategy for 
Indonesia, which was value -led, which was chicken -led; very, very strong focus in terms of 
bringing the overall business up. We've been working towa rds that since the time the larger 
geopolitical scenario impact was kind of starting to wean off, which we saw in November. As 
you could see from the chart, we've consistently remained positive in our overall ADS now since 
now over a year, almost it's now we are in the 13th month into that trajectory. 
 So we see the trend on ADS in Indonesia to be on the positive side. Yes, we know there is still 
some more work to do in order to make sure that we take this overall performance also on the 
positive side as far as Indonesia is concerned. So just to sum up... 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have lost the line with the management. Please stay connected while 
I reconnect the management. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the management line 
reconnected. Sir, you may proceed. 
Kapil Grover: Thank you. This is Kapil. Sorry for the disconnection in between. I'll try and quickly summarize 
the marketing aspect. I think Raj and Sumit had mentioned that this year, our quarter 3 has been 
of our best third quarter in the last couple of years. 
 It's been on the back of strong innovation on the burger front with the King's Collection, Korean 
campaign, and the Whopper Deluxe, and some other priorities that we have sort of tackled this 
year on the dessert innovations. 
 Going back to Burger innovation, it gave us very good results so far. Value, 2 for continues to 
remain a strong pillar for us. We've activated a lot more on the Crazy App Deals in the last 
couple of quarters, and we've seen significant increase in our monthly active users, our monthly 
transacting users, frequency and retention of customers on our app as we go more and more 
aggressive on the CRM strategy. 
 Celebration meals continues to be a platform where we do regional connect, festival connect, 
and offer shareable value to the customers. Last year, in the last 3 quarters, we've done a lot of 
===== PAGE 8 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
activations to build a stronger brand connect with celebrating festivals like Pongal, Lohri, and 
recently the Republic Day, where we partnered with the Army Central We lfare Fund to 
contribute to some of the noble causes that this fund supports in the Army. 
 This helps us build a very strong emotional connect with our consumers, getting some great 
feedback from our guests in the stores.  On the social media side, the brand continues to be 
stronger as we celebrate Indian festivals and engaging content on our social handles. Last but 
not the least, on CRM, we have laid out the road map in the last couple of quarters. We've started 
to see some results now, and we'll be sharing a lot more in the upcoming quarters. 
 Right now, the focus is on acquisition and some bits of engagement, as we want to build this 
base. MAU has grown 47% over 70% of the last year same quarter. So it continues to grow year-
on-year as well. And as we  have more and more customers logging into our app, they will 
continue to see more and more interesting engaging offers, CRM communications and then 
building loyalty over time. 
 I will hand it back to Sumit to do the financial summary. 
Gaurav Ajjan: Thanks, Kapil. This is Gaurav. We can move to Slide number 24, which is the outlook slide. If 
you recall, we ended FY '25 with 513 stores. So far this year, in the 9 months, we've added a net 
of 64 restaurants. We are on track to add a few more this quarter, and that will take us somewhere 
in the midpoint of our guidance range of 60 to 80 new restaurants every year. 
 On gross profit, when we gave the guidance, our baseline was the actual number for FY '25, 
which was 67.7%. Happy to share that we've already reache d the guidance or we've almost 
reached the guidance of 70%, which we had originally planned to achieve by FY '29. We've 
reached that more than 3 years ahead of schedule, and this has come on the back of delivery 
profitability as well as supply chain and distribution initiatives. 
 Now that leads us to the next logical question. What's the next milestone for us in terms of our 
guidance. So I would request you to please wait until next quarter, and that's when we would 
have finalized our plans, and we will be coming up with a revised outlook. 
 I will now hand over to Sumit for the transaction update. 
Sumit Zaveri: Thank you, Gaurav. I'll just give a quick update on the transaction, and then we open it up for 
the Q&A. So we've just entered into a definitive agre ement with Inspira Global Group. They 
would be infusing, by way of equity infusion through preferential allotment, INR900 crores, and 
we'll be simultaneously issuing warrants, which would be  to the tune of INR700 crores. The 
entire transaction is going to be at a price of INR70 per share. 
 Currently, we are in the process of obtaining the necessary approvals, including the shareholders' 
approval there. The total estimated overall holding post the entire transaction, acquisition of the 
current promoter stake plus the infusion, we are expecting that they would go to around 35% in 
terms of their overall holding. And this acquisition, since there is a change in controlling interest, 
===== PAGE 9 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
would also lead to triggering an open offer to the public shareholders. So that really is a recent 
update that we have with respect to our transaction. So with that, we'll open up for... 
Rajeev Varman: Let me just because we cut off in the middle a little bit, so let me just quickly summarize, and 
then we'll open it up for the questions. I don't know if we missed some of this section, but a very, 
very strong quarter in India, led by 4.5% in SSSG sales. Our company level EBITDA up 31.5% 
to over INR40 crores. Our restaurant level EBITDA up 25.7% to almost INR75 crores. Our 
revenues, we reported INR577 crores of revenues. We are well on our way to getting very close 
to 600 restaurants by the end of this quarter.  With that said, I will now open it up for any 
questions. So over to you guys. 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the first question from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead.  
Gaurav Jogani: Congratulations on the strong set of numbers. I have 3 questions. I will put them one by one. My 
first question is with regards to the revenue growth. So now if you dissect the revenue growth, 
we look at the dine -in growth, the dine -in growth has grown by 13% -odd, while the delivery 
continues to grow stronger at around 22%. So if you can help us out how has been the traction 
in the dine-in front? Do you see it improving sequentially? How are you seeing the trends going 
ahead? 
Kapil Grover: This is Kapil. I'll take that question. I'll be happy to share that we've had now 3 quarters of 
positive dine -in SSSG also in this year. And we continue to have over 10 quarters dine -in 
positive SSSG. We've continued to report that every year.  So that's been a strong sort of 
momentum on dine-in where we've seen growth in sales in dine-in consistently this year every 
quarter. 
Rajeev Varman: Yes. So just to kind of summarize our sales growth. Our revenues, of course, at the back of new 
restaurants coming in as well as SSSG. But on the ADS level, at a restaurant level, we continue 
to grow both delivery business as well as dine-in business, and that's on the back of traffic. So 
it's not on the back of check. We continue to drive more and more people into our restaurants, 
and that's how we are increasing the sales there. 
Gaurav Jogani: Sure. And do you also envisage the momentum in the delivery piece also to continue at the same 
pace that it has, given that you have yet to monetize or drive the CRM bit here. So any bits on 
that? 
Rajeev Varman: Absolutely. Very good question. We see that this vertical of our business also will continue to 
grow. And we are very happy about that. But we have a very simple strategic point of view. We 
only grow profitably. So all the effort on the delivery side, reducing discounts, making sure we 
have a good offer, marketing through those channels, we continue to focus on that. 
 We will see that growth as well. What we are really excited about is, in the past, you have seen 
that the industry was doing anywhere between 6% to 7% SSSG positive. And in these last 3, 4 
quarters, you have seen that industry level, there has been a negative sales reporting. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 And in this environment,  we continue to grow dine -in sales. And so we understand that the 
strategy of continuing the value pillar in addition to our efforts in driving now the core and as 
well the premium will give us some very good leverage as we go into the next year. 
Gaurav Jogani: Sure. And sir, as you mentioned that you have continued to deliver positive SSSG while the 
industry has seen negative SSSG. So have you seen any market share gains? If yes, any specific 
regions that you have gained share? 
Rajeev Varman: Yes. Geographically, we don't really share, but I'll just give you a general. Our restaurants in the 
South are performing very well. Our restaurants in Punjab belt and UP belt are extraordinarily 
doing very well, while our core here in Bombay and then in Delhi continue to be strong on traffic 
in dine-in. So this dine-in business, which is becoming very, very strong in our metro markets, 
continues its positive in the right direction. 
 And this is the back of the same thing. This app that we have introduced, which continu es to 
gather more and more people into it. There are a lot of deals that we provide in app, which are 
profitable deals, that engage people and increase frequency of people coming into our 
restaurants, right? So this traffic growth is not only new people co ming in, but also existing 
people coming in more frequently. 
Gaurav Jogani: So I'll move to my next question in terms of the margins. So you have done a really good job on 
the margins front and the gross margins have already reached your FY '29 levels target. So one, 
are these margins at least now sustainable? As you have mentioned that you will come out with 
the expansion rate in the future. But at least can we assume that the current levels are at a 
sustainable level? 
 And on the expenses side, just notic ed that the employee and the other expenses increased by 
around 20% and 19-odd percent. So the employee bit, does it also have the impact of labor code, 
or is this classified separately on the exceptional line? 
Rajeev Varman: Yes. That's great. That's actu ally 2 questions, but I'll take them. On the first note, the simple 
answer is yes. Our gross margins are solid. And if you actually look back on our quarters, right, 
put 8 quarters, last quarter that we have reported, if you put that on your spreadsheet, you will 
see that there is a constant increase every quarter. 
 And that is on the back of developing our restaurants on a very strategic way in our markets, so 
that we are reducing the transportation costs, redistributing our hub costs, which are overheads 
in those DCs, and moving the business forward. But the real movement that we have made in 
the last quarter and the last actually 2 quarters is really bringing food close to the restaurant. 
 And that is a strategy that will always ultimately be a long-run strategy, which is as you reduce 
transportation costs, because the food is closer to the restaurant, you will see that leverage on 
your P&L. And what was the second question, sorry? 
Gaurav Jogani: The confidence that we remain at that 70%. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Rajeev Varman: Yes, yes, we are confident to remain on that and move forward actually. And we'll share our 
new targets, like Gaurav said, very soon, and next quarter, we'll outlay the next 3- to 5-year plan 
on how we're going to move the business forward. 
Gaurav Jogani: And sir, also on the employee expenses, they increased... 
Rajeev Varman: Yes, yes. Sorry. That's right. Your second question was on the employee. Look, we opened 44 
restaurants in this quarter, which is putting almost 1,000 people into the restaurant, which were 
actually sitting in other restaurants before we opened these restaurants. 
 They're usually trained for a month, maybe 45 days before they go into the new restaurant. So 
you see an uptick over there in terms of that expenses that we put in there. Those usually come 
up in Q3. Now as Sumit was saying, we are going to be building roughly about 20 restaurants 
every quarter, so that we redistribute this from Q3 to across the entire year. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Anuj from Antique Stock Broking. 
Anuj: Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I wanted to dive a bit deeper on the gross margin 
expansion. So it would be really helpful if you could break up the gross margin expansion as a 
factor of the menu mix, and as well as the d elivery discount reduction that we have taken. 
Additionally, on the menu mix front, I would also like to understand how the Deluxe range of 
saliency has improved since it's been around 6 to 8 months since it has been operational. 
Rajeev Varman: Yes. I'll give you directionally because we don't share a breakup number for competitive reasons. 
But if you generally look at our business, both the delivery business and the dine -in business, 
we have made significant progress on gross margin in both levels, right? On the delivery side, 
we have made progress. Of course, the food is coming in, it's for dine-in as well as delivery. 
 So that impact is positive for both the channels. But on the delivery side, we have reduced 
significantly discounts that we used to do in what Kapil was calling acquiring the customer, 
acquisition. 
 So now we have gone into the engagement phase where we know what the customer is ordering. 
We know when they are ordering. We know that on certain dayparts and certain days of the 
week that there is a certain product mix that moves through our channels in delivery. So we have 
become very prudent on how we are now channeling these discounts, and you will see those on 
the delivery side of the business. 
 On the dine -in side of the business, it's very  clear. Everything that comes into our restaurant 
needs to come at a minimum cost, whether it's the cost of the food itself that we buy, by 
introducing newer suppliers into the business. And then on the other side is distribution, bringing 
the food closer to the restaurants. 
 So these 2 are basically generally the 2 prongs that we are using for moving our gross margins, 
which are just very in line, these numbers that we are reporting will be built on with all the 
===== PAGE 12 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
strategies that we have in place. So you will see that guidance coming in very soon. And thank 
you for your question. 
Anuj: Just following up. So I think there was also a mention about the menu mix improving. So are we 
seeing saliency of the deluxe range improving? Is that the right sense? 
Rajeev Varman: Yes. So again, we do not share product level information for competitive reasons. But I'll tell 
you this that we have done a fantastic job now starting to build the core, which is the d eluxe 
range. And that core is  see, value brings people into the b usiness. And over time, they climb 
through the ladder, buying core and premium and so forth on occasions, whethe r it's birthday, 
promotions, etcetera, et cetera. So we have got a very strong now core menu and a strong 
premium menu. 
 Now we had a core menu, we had a premium menu in the past. What we have done this year is 
strengthen that. But what additionally you will see going forward is communication of this menu, 
which is very important that you will see more and more communication on this menu to the 
audience, and that's what's going to build. 
 So we are trying to build a generally speaking, if you have a good portfolio, you will have a 
good distribution between your value, core and premium. So you will see that movement as we 
progress. And yes, you are absolutely right, that will also contribute to some of the margins you 
will see in the future. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak. 
Jay Doshi: We noticed that your recent performance is far better than what we sort of  from your QSR peers, 
be it SSSG margin improvement, dine -in. Is it possible in any way to put some numbers or 
quantify? For instance, you have mentioned that your delivery profitability is improving. Any 
sense you can give where it is today on a normalized basis adjusted for seasonality versus what 
it used to be a year ago, either absolute numbers or at least some quantification of what is the 
basis point improvement or percent point improvement in delivery profitability? Perhaps that 
will help us appreciate the efforts and results better? 
Sumit Zaveri: So Jay, from the perspective of what you are really looking at, if you refer Slide 4 of the 
presentation, which says that we've been able to improve the overall profitability on the delivery 
side, led by adj ustment of discounts by 2% point. And that is also what gets reflected in our 
overall gross margin improvements as well. So this was a question which the earlier speaker was 
also really getting into. So the improvement that we have seen is 2% improvement in the delivery 
profitability led by gross margin improvements is really what we are kind of seeing. The balance 
part is on account of the efficiency... 
Jay Doshi: Sorry, one second. I may have missed that particular data point on the slide, but just double  
checking. So this profitability factors in visibility spends and other performance sort of 
incentives or delivery cost takeout, everything all put together, right? 
Sumit Zaveri: Yes. But if you see, that's largely on account of gross margin improvements. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Jay Doshi: Right. But you have not seen any inflation or escalation of delivery costs or any other below 
gross profit cost items associated with delivery business? 
Sumit Zaveri: We have got very strong long-term arrangements with both aggregators. So... 
Jay Doshi: Understood. Perfect. So gross margin is translating into EBITDA level improvement as well. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: Congratulations on a strong performance in Q3. Sir , there is an increase in aggression by the 
competition, right? So from value launches perspective, from faster deliveries perspective. So 
how have been the trends for you in Q4 so far? And are you sort of noticing any change in 
growth trends for you? 
Rajeev Varman: No, growth trends for what? 
Gaurav Ajjan: Q4. 
Sumit Zaveri: So Devanshu, firstly, thank you for appreciating the performance for the quarter. Firstly, if you 
really look at it, as a business, we are really reaping the benefits of being a little more structured 
in terms of the way we've executed our strategy, be it the execution of Cafe, be it the execution 
of the digital initiative. Very strongly, on the dine-in and the delivery side, we remain focused 
on value. And we are kind of seeing t he consistent execution of the strategy to deliver these 
results. 
 We obviously are going to remain focused on that strategy going forward as well. We will now 
overlay that with much stronger CRM initiatives as well, having finished the overall digital 
execution as well at all our stores. We believe that the results going forward should reflect the 
benefits of everything that we have executed so far as well. So it's not just -- and obviously, we 
would really kind of not get into a quarter as well. But at the same time, yes, quarter 4 seems to 
be encouraging as we stand today. 
 It does seem encouraging as well. But what we believe is that what we've executed really will 
stand strongly behind our performance going forward as well. So that's actually how, Devanshu, 
we see what we've achieved in quarter 3 and what we believe we should be able to achieve going 
forward as well. 
Rajeev Varman: These are strategic, Devanshu. We are not doing tactical things here. Quarter-by-quarter, we are 
doing strategic things. So it has taken a little while for us to in-build these strategies, and they're 
all long -term kind of plans. So you will continue to see the leverage and benefits of this 
cumulatively as we move forward. 
Devanshu Bansal: Sure, sure. And secondly, on this big investment that is coming into our business. So how are 
we planning to sort of use that? So is this going to lead to accelerated expansion for us? What 
are your initial thoughts on this? 
===== PAGE 14 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Sumit Zaveri: So Devanshu, one is that as a business, obviously, we continue to remain very, very bullish on 
India. And that's where we will really see the entire focus of our business to be. We will kind of 
share further details in terms of our overall strategy as we come closer to consummating this 
entire transaction. So we would request you to bear with us there. What at this point in time I 
could say is that we really very, very strongly believe in terms of the overall opportunity that 
India as a market really is showing as we stand today. 
Devanshu Bansal: Sure. Just last one from my side. So this entity has its own QSR business. So any thoughts on 
leveraging the potential synergies between these 2 businesses, Burger King and Chinese Wok? 
Rajeev Varman: Yes. So look, we are very, very excited. We are very excited with this. You are absolutely right. 
They have a lot of experience, just like Everstone had in the foodservice restaurant business.  
Inspira also comes with a lot of experience in the QSR space. And I'm sure that there will be a 
lot of learnings that the promoters will bring into the business as well. And we are looking 
forward to learning from those experiences and leveraging whatever we can into our business 
and make our business benefit from it. Apart from that, very, very excited with them coming in. 
Devanshu Bansal: Sure. Just last one from my end, Sumit. So basically, whatever financials we have for Inspira, 
that entity currently is having slight losses plus it has some debt. But these are like FY '25 
numbers that are there in the public domain. So any fresh funding that this entity has raised, so 
that the stake acquisition that they're targeting can be consummated.  Any color that you can 
provide on the funding of this transaction? 
Rajeev Varman: Yes. So look, these are 2 separate businesses. Inspira runs their own business separately. RBA 
runs its own business separately. These questions on Inspira will have to be directed to them, 
whereas on the RBA front, we continue to work on our business completely separately from 
them. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Rishi Mody from RDM Advisory. 
Rishi Mody: So first, I just wanted to understand on the cost efficiency measures, you said broiler change has 
been done in 250 restaurants. And then I think when I last met Sumit, there were some initiatives 
on temperature -controlled ACs, rental renegotiations. So where are we in that entire cost 
efficiency journey? How much more or how many more bps of margin expansion is expected to 
come through over the next 1 year from these initiatives? 
 And secondly, on the employee cost, I remember last quarter, you had mentioned that we've 
hired a few extra people for the digital kiosk transition. About 90 bps of our top line had gone 
into that. And that was supposed to be reversed over time once we open new stores and the staff 
gets reallocated. So do we expect that Q4, we go back to the 11% employee cost? 
Sumit Zaveri: So thanks for the questions, Rishi. I'll just answer both the questions sequentially. Firstly, yes, 
the initiatives that we've spoken are under execution. And large parts of the initiatives are change 
in broilers. We've completed around 250 restaurants. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 But the effect of the benefits of those, we will start to see going forward. We have also obviously 
done various other initiatives on those. As we complete the entire exercise of the broiler change 
or any other initiative, we expect that it should improve the overall utilities, as we had mentioned, 
in the region of around 0.7% to 0.8% going forward. But the entire impact or the effect of that, 
we will be able to see it largely, we feel, starting the next financial year, because we will still 
complete our execution during quarter 4 or the current quarter as well. 
 As far as getting into the details of our labor at the store level, yes, this has always been o ur 
practice. Whenever we have made big initiative launches in our stores, we have effectively put 
more people, so that we can train faster, and we don't see the drop in overall operational service 
standards at the store. As we come closer to ending the ent ire cycle of stability, we've been 
starting to pull the headcounts back to where we believe the store should operate. We should see 
this entirely kind of getting stabilized as we get into the later part of quarter 4. But that work is 
going on. 
 But at the same time, Rishi, our focus obviously will always be to make sure that we train our 
staff at the store level efficiently or correctly, so that we can provide the new experience that we 
want the customer to get at the restaurants to be literally without any kind of flaw, or rather more 
than flaw, rather superlative. So that's something which we would continue to kind of do. But 
we expect that it should start getting to reverse over next -- over this quarter. 
Rishi Mody: Got it. Got it. Secondly, I wanted to understand, I've noticed that McDonald's has become a bit 
aggressive on their value combo. They've slashed their prices down from INR119 to INR99, 
which is the same as our meal combo. Are you seeing any impact of this in stores which are right 
next to, say, McDonald's, say, the Andheri Station one or some other metro stations?  And are 
we also planning to cut our prices to maintain a value gap against these guys? 
Rajeev Varman: See, value is not tactical. Value strategy is a long -term strategy. It's not tact ical that you do it 
overnight and you will see a shift in product mix or shift in customers. So we continue on our 
value strategy that we have. Still now, this is a third year in value strategy. We did INR99 two 
years ago, then we came to 2 for 79, and we have done that for the last 2 years. So we have no 
further reduction or anything planned in that respect. 
 As I said, as we move forward, we have already got a very strong and probably the strongest 
value offering in this country. And we have a very good f ollowing because the product at the 
entry level are fantastic and the price at which we sell it is just fantastic for the consumer. What 
we're going to do over the next year is also to start building our core and to start building our 
premium offerings. And while we have these strong product menu items, we will now start the 
communication process externally via digital, television, our LSM efforts that we put together 
in malls and so forth. So you will find a lot of work there. 
 And like Sumit was saying earlier, it's as per planned strategy. We had always planned this way. 
The only quick turnaround that we did was putting in Cafe and SOKs, which we did in a span 
of 18 months, which is a mammoth task to get there. But the rest of our menu planning, 
communication planning, as you heard from Kapil, acquisition of customers, engagement of 
customers, retention of customers, then love and advocacy from the customers, that's a plan that 
===== PAGE 16 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
we have strategically put in place. And over the next 10 years, you will find that we will continue 
on that plan of building the business. 
 So value will always be a pillar. From year -to-year, you will find that, that value offering will 
change or might change in the future. But the plan is to continue having that pillar to acquire 
customers. 
Rishi Mody: Got it. Got it. Final question from my end. What are the discussions on the long-term vision with 
the new promoter group that's come in? And what's their stand on the Indonesia business? Is it 
the plan on Indonesia business still remains the same? If they don't breakeven in the next quarter 
or the quarter after that, we decide to kind of take a hard stance there? Or is the view that now 
we're going to give them some more runway at least? 
Rajeev Varman: Look, the incoming promoter is ve ry aligned and consistent with the current management 
strategy on our business, RBA, whether it's in India or Indonesia. They come in with huge 
experience, and they will come in, and they will do their own research, and they will do their 
own investigation into the business. And then we'll sell and have a good conversation with them 
on the way forward that it will only be enhanced and made better as we move forward in there. 
 But look, the Burger King business in Indonesia, slow it be, is turning around and  coming 
positive. In fact, our ADS has now crossed the second highest company over there, and we are 
in the right path. We have a challenge with Popeyes, as I stated in the onset, and we will be 
dealing with that on a very, very speedy basis, and you will hear from us on that very soon. But 
very excited with the new promoter coming in, and I think they bring in some great experiences 
on their side. And we're really excited about bringing them on board. 
Moderator: We take the next question from the line of Arun Malhotra from CapGrow Capital Advisors. 
Arun Malhotra: I have 3 questions. One is, what would be the utilization of the proceeds of INR1,500 crores that 
would be infused in the company? 
Sumit Zaveri: So Arun, as I was answering earlier as well that as far as the company is concerned, we really 
are excited with the growth opportunity in India that is currently available with us. That is what 
is going to be the long -term focus as far as the business is concerned. We are currently in the 
process of consummating this entire transaction. 
 So we'll be able to come back to you with a long -term strategy as we come closer to 
consummating the transaction. So we would request you to kind of just bear with us for some 
time until we kind of come back and share the la rger contours of the overall strategy that we 
would come back and share with all of you. 
Arun Malhotra: Sure, sure. Second was Indonesia business, neither the growth is there, nor the margins. And our 
gross margins there are 55% versus close to 70% in India. What is differently we are doing or 
what is different there that the gross margin is so less? 
===== PAGE 17 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Rajeev Varman: Yes. So we had introduced the additional chicken menu, which is our discount platform. So the 
last year, we have spent a lot of time communicati ng that platform, which is the chicken 
platform. Chicken in Indonesia is more like a commodity, right? Everyone offers it. 
 But we were short of that menu. So we introduced that menu. We put in all the missing gaps in 
there, and we spent a lot of money communicating that. So you found that there was a high SKU. 
It used to be -- 30% of our sales used to be chicken, and that rose from 30% to 50%. 
 So as that grew from 30% to 50% on a discount side of the menu, you saw some gross margin 
depletions there. Now we have done 2 things. Number one is, of course, moving forward, we 
have done the chicken part of the menu. We're going to focus on burgers over there and start 
moving those gross margins in the right direction. 
 But second what we have done is we have done  the same thing we have done here in India, 
which is we are now doing the business on the delivery side more profitably. So the discounts 
have been significantly reduced, and we started this in December. 
 Sandeep is on the call, and you will find the benefits of that coming as we move forward. Our 
intention is now to quickly catch up that gross margin and bring it back to 58.5%, which the 
other competition is running, and then start moving it in the right direction from there. So that's 
really the plan I told you why we were at that number and how we are moving that forward. 
Arun Malhotra: Sure. And lastly, on the Indian business, we have already reached the 70% gross margin target, 
which was for 2029. So is there any more juice left in the Indian business for us to enhance or 
increase the EBITDA margins? 
Rajeev Varman: Absolutely. Absolutely. And we will communicate next quarter our way forward 3 - to 5-year 
plan on how we are going to take that gross margin business. See, in the last call, I shared with 
you that we are laser-focused on unit level profitability, trying to make sure that we can get as 
much, as you call it, juice, efficiency, I call it, efficiency out of the business, out of the units. 
And we have done a lot of progress in that. 
 The broiler is one of them, utility expenses, the solar panels, the new broiler, all these are in 
effort to continue to get that going in the right direction. We are not done with our efforts, and 
we will never be done with our efforts to continue to improve gross margin. And we have told 
the 2 paths that we have started on, bringing the food closer to the restaurants and bringing in 
more and more suppliers, so that we have a good competing supplier base to suppliers at the 
lowest price. So those efforts will continue. Thank you so much for your question. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question and conclude the question -and-answer 
session. I now hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Rajeev Varman: Thank you very much. Again, really, really appreciate everyone joining today. We are an excited 
group of team sitting around the phone over here. It was a great quarter, but we have a lot of 
work ahead of us. And the work is with respect to unit level economics. 
===== PAGE 18 =====
                   Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 We will continue to focus on that. We will continue to build the brand anywhere from 60 to 80 
restaurants every quarter every year. And that effort has prolonged our long-term strategy as we 
go into a lot of white spaces. We continue to build in our existing metro markets. We have a lot 
of room there. 
 We have new channel growth, whether it's on the highways, airports or metros -- the metro 
stations, where we are doing a lot of work there and a lot of restaurants you will see in the future 
coming there. So that's a big initiative from our side. 
 The next big initiative is on the digital side, which is to know as close as possible to 100% of 
our consumers. So our effort will be, over the next 4, 5 years, to make sure that we build our 
technology, to extend that we know 100% of our consumers, and that's the most effective use of 
marketing rupees in moving forward. 
 So thank you very much for all your support on the India side. We will continue to build a strong 
turnaround on the Indonesia side. So that work is being done by Sandeep, and we are very excited 
about that. We're very excited also with Inspira coming in, and we look forward to your support 
as we move forward on the, we call it, RBA 2.0. Thank you so much. Thanks for joining. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
(This document has been edited for readability) 
 