
===== PAGE 1 =====
WESTLIFE FOODWORLD LTD.  
Regd. Off.: 1001, Tower-3, 10th Floor  One International Center  
Senapati Bapat Marg  Prabhadevi  Mumbai 400 013 
Tel : 022-4913 5000  Fax : 022-4913 5001 
CIN No. : L65990MH1982PLC028593 
  Website: www.westlife.co.in | E-mail id :shatadru@westlife.co.in  
 
                            
Date: 7th November, 2025 
 
 
To,         To, 
BSE Ltd. (‘the BSE) The National Stock Exchange of India Limited (‘the NSE’) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers      Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street                              Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 001       Mumbai – 400051      
 
Sub :   Compliance with Regulations 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, 
Submission of transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended                   
30th September, 2025. 
 
Re   : Westlife Foodworld Limited (“the Company”): Scrip Code -505533 and 
WESTLIFE (NSE) 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
In compliance with Regulation s 30 of the Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Lis ting 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 , please find enclosed herewith 
transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended 30th September, 2025, held post the 
Board Meeting of the Company on 3rd November, 2025. 
 
 
In this regard, the transcript of the said earnings conference call has been uploaded on the 
Company’s website and can be accessed at the weblin k: https://www.westlife.co.in/wp-
content/uploads/2025/11/Q2FY26-WFL-Earnings-Call-Transcript-.pdf  
 
You are requested to take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Westlife Foodworld Ltd. 
 
 
 
 
 
Dr. Shatadru Sengupta 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 Page 1 of 21 
 
 
Westlife Foodworld Limited 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 03, 2025 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
▪ Mr. Akshay Jatia – President & Chief Executive Officer 
▪ Mr. Saurabh Kalra – Managing Director 
▪ Mr. Hrushit Shah – Chief Financial Officer 
▪ Mr. Chintan Jajal – Lead Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
 
 Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Westlife Foodworld Limited  
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, please signal a n 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 We would like to remind you that certain statements made by the management in 
today's call may be forward -looking statements. These forward -looking statements 
reflect management's best judgment and analysis as of today. The actual results may 
differ materially from the current expectations based on a number of factors affecting 
the business. Please refer to the Safe Harbor disclosure in the earnings presentation.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chintan Jajal. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Chintan Jajal: Thanks, Rayo. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Westlife 
Foodworld earnings conference call for the second quarter ended 30 September, 
2025. I'm Chintan Jajal, Head IR at Westlife. From the management team, I have with 
me Mr. Akshay Jatia,  President and CEO; Mr. Saurabh Kalra, Managing Director; Mr. 
Hrushit Shah, Chief Financial Officer. 
 We will kick off today's conversation with Saurabh taking us through operational and 
financial highlights. This will be followed by Akshay sharing his thoughts on overall 
business strategy progress and outlook. Post that, we can open the forum for 
questions and answers. We will be referring to earnings presentation and financial 
releases available on the NSE, BSE and Investors page of our website.  
 With that, I now request Saurabh to commence this session. Thank you and over to 
you, Saurabh. 
Saurabh Kalra: Thank you, Chintan. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Q2 was marked actually 
by continued softness in discretionary spend and eating out frequen cy. While we 
started July quite decently, the industry saw nearly 4% to 6% decline in outside home 
food consumption frequency in the month of August and September in our region.  
 As against this decline, as a brand we have grown around 4%, implying that some 
market share gains have happened. Our consolidated revenue for the quarter stood 
at Rs. 6.42 billion, reflecting 3.8% Y -o-Y growth. On -premise channel delivered 5% 
year-on-year growth, while off -premise remained stable. We are particularly proud 
of our cost discipline. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
 
 Page 3 of 21 
 Gross margin expanded 72.4%, driven by sustained supply chain efficiencies, marking 
an all -time high. Our restaurant operating margin grew 60 bps Y -o-Y to 19.2%, 
demonstrating our operational excellence and enabling us to preserve cash flow 
through the cycle. 
 Cash PAT stood at Rs. 807 million or 12.6% of sales. During the quarter, we had an 
exceptional gain of Rs. 581 million and a loss of Rs. 121 million. The gain is related to 
a redevelopment transaction involving one of our ownership stores, property located 
in Mumbai. The loss is largely related to impairment of an investment and one -time 
write-off. Adjustment of these exceptional items, cas h PAT was Rs. 421 million or 
6.6% of sales. 
 Moving on. Our digital ecosystem continues to be a key growth driver. Digital sales 
contributed around 75% of the revenue, growing over 300 bps Y -o-Y, supported by 
loyalty program, mobile app engagement and self-order kiosks. 
 Cumulatively, our apps have crossed 47 million downloads with around 3 million 
monthly active users, reflecting a strong consumer engagement and convenience-led 
adoption. We continue to innovate, engage our customers through new offerings and 
value campaigns. 
 As you would have seen and heard about, in line with all these evolving consumer 
preferences for nutritional offering, we launched Protein Plus Slice developed in 
collaboration with CFTRI, which received phenomenal demand, selling out in 1 day.  
 We also reinforced our value proposition of McSaver's Combo at Rs. 69 and ran 
various campaigns, including Independence Day, International French Fries Day, 
which helped improve guest engagement. During the quarter, we also opened 8 new 
restaurants, taking the total to 450 restaurants across 72 cities. Almost all our 
restaurants feature a McCafe and in a model experience for future format.  
 And nearly one in four offers a drive-thru service, strengthening our leadership across 
all convenience formats. We continue to target serving every drive-thru orders within 
120 seconds, creating a fast habitual experience for our customer. Lastly, you wo uld 
have noticed the sad news of Hrushit Shah stepping down as CFO to be with his family 
abroad. We value his personal commitment and appreciate his contribution to the 
company over the past 2 years. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
 
 Page 4 of 21 
 On behalf of everyone in Westlife, we extend our best wishes for his future 
endeavour. Hrushit, would you like to add anything? 
Hrushit Shah: Sure, Saurabh. Thank you, Saurabh. It has been a privilege to be part of Westlife's 
journey over the last 2 years. I've thoroughly enjoyed my time here, and I'm grateful 
to have contributed to several structural initiatives such as our cost governance 
program, enterprise risk management initiatives, network expansion, value platform 
and many more. I will be moving overseas to be with my family, and hence, it has 
been a very difficult decision for me. 
 Having said that, McDonald's and Westlife Foodworld will always remain close to my 
heart. I leave with a great pride in whatever we have achieved together and with full 
confidence in company's continued success. Thank you, Saurabh.  
Saurabh Kalra: Thank you, Hrushit. Looking ahead, we expect the operating environment to gradually 
improve over the next few quarters. We are well positioned to leverage this recovery 
backed by disciplined execution and consumer forward innovation. Thank you, all.  
I'll now hand over to Akshay to take us through business progress and outlook.  
Akshay Jatia: Hello, and good afternoon, everyone. It's great to have you on the call today. As 
Saurabh mentioned, Q2 was a challenging yet disciplined quarter amid a still 
recovering consumption landscape across the broader QSR and consumer sectors. 
The latter part of the quarter witnessed some softness in overall out -of-home food 
consumption. However, we have started to see encouraging signs of recovery in 
October. 
 Throughout this period, our focus has remained clear, sharpening our strategies to 
build long -term brand strength while maintaining strict discipline on cost and 
profitability. We have always stayed at the forefront of innovation, creating 
excitement and engagement for our customers, whether through the Happy Price 
Menu, McSpicy, McCrispy, Gourmet Burgers or McCafe. 
 For over 30 years, we have defined industry trends by listening to what our 
consumers want. Accordingly, I'm proud to share that during the last quarter, we 
launched our Protein Plus Slice. It took nearly 18 months of trial and iterations to 
perfect a slice that adds 5 grams of protein to our burgers while enhancing the overall 
experience. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
 
 Page 5 of 21 
 We developed this product in collaboration with scientists at the Central Food 
Technological Research Institute, reinforcing our commitment to nutrition forward 
and science -backed innovation. Please do try this product , I'm confident it will 
become a permanent addition to your meals.  
 Furthermore, as we listen to our customers, we heard many suggestions like : 
‘can this burger be more filling?’ 
‘We need more sauce.’ 
 ‘Where is the indulgence? ‘ 
These weren't just suggestions, they were opportunities and we took them seriously. 
Accordingly, we recently launched the Big Yummy Burgers for the ongoing quarter. 
Initial consumer feedback has been very positive, and we will discuss more of this 
next quarter. As we move forward, we will continue to build on this momentum with 
an exciting innovation pipeline. 
 Moving on, during the quarter, our on -premise business grew by 5%, while off -
premise sales held steady. Off -premise includes delivery, which is an important 
channel for us, contributing close to 40% of our business. 
 We expect this channel to continue growing at strong double-digit rates over the next 
few years. However, the performance of third -party aggregators has been 
unpredictable in recent months. As a result, one of our key priorities is to strengthen 
our own platform, the McDelivery platform. 
 Moreover, while third -party aggregators offer variety, our research shows that 
today's young customers prioritize brand trust, reliability, convenience and 
personalization, values that McDelivery is uniquely positioned to deliver.  
 To capitalize on this, we've launched a major initiative to scale our McDelivery 
platform in partnership with a Marquee Global Consultant. We are looking at every 
aspect of the business, be it operations, our app technology, data architecture or 
performance marketing with an aim to scale this platform significantly.  
 In the coming months, you will see significant upgrades to the UI/UX of our 
McDelivery app designed to deliver a seamless and intuitive user experience. We have 
piloted 20 -minute delivery of hot freshly cooked food across select stores. These 
===== PAGE 7 =====
 
 Page 6 of 21 
results have been promising with a noticeable uptick in guest counts and repeat visits 
at these stores. We are now rolling this out across our markets. 
 We have also made several changes to back -end operations by removing friction 
points and ensuring that orders are ready to go out in 3 to 5 minutes. We have 
deployed AI-powered video analytics in kitchens to ensure product quality as well as 
packaging accuracy. This has led to a sharp decrease in complaint percentage.  
 To sum it up, we are setting an ambitious target to double McDelivery sales in the 
next 2 years. This project has the potential to unlock an incremental 3% to 5% 
contribution to system-wide same-store-sales growth over the next 2 years.  
 Now moving on to profitability.  Over the past 2 years, we faced headwinds with 
negative same-store-sales growth, reflecting broader macroeconomic challenges as 
well as muted real income growth and subdued discretionary spending. These 
pressures have impacted several P&L line items given the high operating leverage in 
our business model. 
 However, I'm proud to highlight that despite challenging conditions, we delivered 
significantly better historic gross margins and improving restaurant level profitability. 
This reflects outstanding cross-functional efforts by our teams to optimize breakeven 
sales and contribution margins without compromising on our commitment towards 
operational excellence. 
 Looking ahead, we have a robust pipeline of high -impact initiatives rolling out later 
this year and into 2026, which we expect to generate about Rs. 40 to 50 crores in 
incremental cash flow over the next year. This will support our growth and 
profitability agenda over the next few years. 
 Aligning with the government's efforts to stimulate consumer spending, we have also 
passed on the benefit of the GST rate cut to our customers through a price reduction 
of around 80 to 100 basis points. 
 While it is still early days, we are optimistic that this historic government initiative will 
augur well for consumer sentiment and spending in the mid to long term. On network 
expansion, I am proud to say that we touched the 450 stores mark this quarter. 
 We continue to remain aggressive in capturing market share, yet we stay disciplined 
when it comes to the unit economics. We remain steadfast in our optimism about 
McDonald's' brand strength and India's long -term consumption growth story.  
===== PAGE 8 =====
 
 Page 7 of 21 
India's rising middle class and increasing urbanization continue to fuel a robust QSR 
market, and we are well positioned to capture this opportunity.  
 While our vision is 580 to 630 restaurants by December 2027, and we remain on track 
to deliver this, I have said many times that we could comfortably have over 1,000 
restaurants in the mid to long term. To support this, we significantly enhanced our 
real estate development process by deploying a state-of-the-art location intelligence 
platform powered by AI and machine learning algorithms. 
 This technology enables us to predict new store performance with greater accuracy 
and identify high potential white spaces across geographies almost in real time. I'm 
pleased to share that the majority of the stores opened in the last 6 months are 
exceeding expectations, delivering strong initial performance. This gives us 
confidence that our future expansion towards our vision and beyond will be fine -
tuned to deliver incremental growth and absolute profits. 
 I would also like to emphasize or reemphasize that we plan to fund this expansion 
primarily through internal accruals, ensuring financial discipline as we scale. Our 
philosophy has always been profitable growth and not growth at any cost.  
 Our people are at the heart of our success. I am proud to share that we were ranked 
among Asia's top 100 Best Large Workplaces by Great Place to Work, reflecting our 
commitment to building a great workplace at scale. Furthermore, we were recognized 
among the top 50 large companies to work for millen nials and women in India, a 
strong validation of our empowering and inclusive culture. 
 With the team strength of over 11,000 people, we continue to foster an environment 
that enables our employees to learn, grow and make an impact every day. Finally, 
looking ahead to 2026, we have exciting plans to deepen our connections with India's 
younger consumers who are shaping the future of out -of-home food consumption 
through their dynamic lifestyles and evolving preferences. 
 We have always placed consumers at the centre of our strategy and remain relevant 
to younger generations. I'm excited to share that we also have a robust pipeline in 
place to reinforce McDonald's as a trusted brand and strengthen our market 
leadership position. 
 Thank you once again for your continued trust. I'll now hand it over to the moderator 
to commence the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
 
 Page 8 of 21 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. Anyone 
who wishes to ask questions may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. 
An operator will take your name and announce a turn in the question queue. 
Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles.  
The first question is from Avi Mehta from Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead.  
Avi Mehta: Hi, team. Hi, Saurabh. Hi, Akshay. Thanks a lot for this. Akshay, I wanted to kind of 
just touch base first on the demand environment. We have heard other peers citing 
that there's some impact because of the Navratri season that they had, but underlying 
demand trends were flattish. 
 Did we also witness a similar situation because I'm just trying to look beyond the 
headline numbers? A , and B, if you could also give us some colour if there was 
divergence between the South and West of India or has that changed because you 
were doing initiatives to drive growth in South India? 
Akshay Jatia: So, I'll take the first part and I'll ask Saurabh to add, right? So, in terms of the demand 
environment, like we said, we even spoke about our brand track numbers for the first 
time, we've seen both the informal eating out as well as the QSR market actually 
contract in terms of growth. So there continues to be pressure in terms of the 
sentiment in terms of demand. There has also been a lot of expansion in the QSR and 
eating out market over the last year. So that could be further impacting drag in terms 
of growth. 
 So I think in respect to us, we saw a pretty decent July and most of August, but there 
was a downtrend in the last month of the quarter, which negatively impacted our 
quarter. That being said, we've briefly touched upon October, and I can't share too 
much, but we have seen growth in October over September, substantial growth.  
 But overall, the demand environment does remain challenging and we want to see 
how this quarter pans out before sharing more. A lot of it depends also on the festive 
season in December, which is usually a very big month for our company as well as the 
category. So that's in terms of the demand environment. And in terms of West and 
South, I'll just ask Saurabh to add. 
Saurabh Kalra: Yes. So Avi, as we have been speaking earlier also, South has been a little bit of a 
dampener or softer results have been there in South, especially Bangalore, where we 
===== PAGE 10 =====
 
 Page 9 of 21 
operate the second highest number of stores in terms of cities. So Mumbai being the 
highest, we almost have 65 to 70 restaurants in Bangalore. That's been the biggest 
drag on the system. 
 And we have seen this not only for us, like Akshay mentioned about brand track, we 
looked at brand track for Bangalore, both delivery and dine-in was under tremendous 
amount of pressure and large part of this negative growth came from Bangalore. So 
that's how we are looking at it. 
Avi Mehta: And Saurabh, any update on -- you had launched some initiatives to drive growth in 
South India in the first quarter, and you were witnessing good green shoots. Any 
update on that? How has that kind of helped us in particular? I understand the 
demand environment, but if you could give your thoughts. 
Saurabh Kalra: So had it been -- so we obviously did a lot of work around chicken and it started 
showing some positive traction for sure in terms of the number of chicken we sell a 
day and the number of people we sell to. But the number of people walking in the 
restaurant has been soft. We are right now doing a lot of trials. 
 We did some amount of research in the last 2 months with SEC B, SEC A and young 
adults 18 to 24, which we believe are missing as far as our strong portfolio in South is 
concerned. And we have got some ideas in place. 
 We are doing small trials in one -one restaurants to be able to say what best fits it. 
And then it will play out in the next couple of quarters is what our guess is. But we 
are very sure of what are the problems which we need to solve essentially is around  
SEC B value with Gen Z in Bangalore, which we need to sought. So that's the detail I'm 
happy to provide right now. 
Avi Mehta: Very clear. And sorry, Akshay, just on the October bit. Just to get some sense, are we 
in positive territory or it's just a lower decline on a Y -o-Y basis? Because sequential, I 
mean, from whatever -- and please correct me if I'm wrong, sequential may not be 
the right way to look at in th is space. So I'm just trying to understand from a same -
store sales growth, is that what you're suggesting what is... 
Saurabh Kalra: Let me answer it differently, Avi. To me, October, November, December, the crux of 
it is always December. We remain optimistic about December. If December does well, 
OND will do well. Like Akshay already mentioned, over September, there was a huge 
improvement. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
 
 Page 10 of 21 
 Now if this trend continues, we would see at least the positive numbers coming in, in 
this quarter, but largely a lot depends on how November, December pans out.  
Avi Mehta: Perfect. I'll come back in the queue. I have some more questions on margins, but I'll 
come back later. 
Saurabh Kalra: Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Next question is from Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.  
Devanshu Bansal: Hi, Akshay. Thanks for the opportunity. So, I wanted to better understand the 
strategic direction that you provided in your opening remarks. So, number one, you 
indicated some investments in your delivery app. Second, you mentioned some high-
impact initiatives, which should enable Rs. 40 - 50 crores of incremental cash flow. 
 And thirdly, a tech-based software, which should enable better store locations, right? 
So, from that perspective, as in currently, what is the level of maturity in our system 
on these three counts? And how we sort of expect to improve with these investments 
going ahead? 
Akshay Jatia: So, the first one is a project that we're running, like I said, and we're kind of halfway 
through it. And it is showing promising results, like I shared in terms of some of the 
pilots, and it's being done in partnership with a strong execution -based consultan t 
with good digital capabilities. So our team is complementing well. 
 And we're quite optimistic that over the next 6 months, we should start seeing a lot 
of the growth coming in. Our ambition is to double the sales we get from the platform 
over the next 1 to 1.5 years. And I think that like we highlighted in our commentary , 
it should add incrementally to same-store-sales growth. So that's one. And like I 
said, it will take 1 - 1.5 years to play out.  
 Number two, in terms of the cost initiatives, those are well matured. We've run a 
pretty significant cost optimization project. And we've always said that it's part of our 
DNA to remove costs from the system. 
 So, we've already banked some good savings over the year, which has allowed us to 
continue to expand our profitability. And I will say that, that's the most that we've 
been able to do in this demand environment, which still deliver margins despite a 
significant pressure on operating leverage. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
 
 Page 11 of 21 
 And additionally, we are quite confident that this incremental cash flow is going to be 
banked through the other initiatives that we've secured through this project. So 
again, the time horizon has been shared over there. 
 And number three, in terms of location intelligence, obviously, the model takes some 
time. We've just about secured the model and we're in the process of implementing 
it. But like I said, a lot of the stores, almost 70% - 80% of the stores we've opened this 
year have already started performing well, which was not the case in the last year.  
 So, I think our reason for sharing and giving this flavour is to highlight the work that's 
going on within the organization to deliver on our plans. And we're very optimistic 
that because we started them ahead of the curve, we will be able to see the gains 
come in soon. 
Devanshu Bansal: Very clear. Sir, just two small follow-ups. So, this incremental addition to SSG delivery 
capabilities should build on that Rs. 40 - 45 billion target or because a couple of years 
have been slow because of weak demand environment, these initiatives should help 
us meet that Rs. 40 - 45 billion sort of guideline that you gave? 
Akshay Jatia: As you've seen, right, it doesn't play out in a linear fashion. And Vision 2027 was an 
all-encompassing vision, right? And even when we kind of laid it out, there were a lot 
of questions on is this conservative? Is this optimistic? But this is the environm ent 
that we operate in. 
 I think you need to keep discovering growth levers and doubling down on what you 
already have. So I think this is part of that. Could it give more? Yes. I mean, I think 
that, obviously, our internal targets are quite aggressive. But right now, in terms of 
visibility that we've given external stakeholders, I think Vision 2027 is what we remain 
accountable towards. 
Devanshu Bansal: And just small one last follow-up. So do you anticipate any additional investments in 
these initiatives going ahead or we'll maintain our Rs. 200 - 250 crores of CapEx 
investment annually? 
Akshay Jatia: So there is incremental investment. This is not fully covered in our capex. And over a 
course of time, we will share some more information in terms of how we've kind of 
invested into these growth initiatives. 
 I think the idea this year was to -- or this quarter was to give you all a flavour, but I 
think that's a valid point. These investments are not your typical capex. And in the 
===== PAGE 13 =====
 
 Page 12 of 21 
past, we haven't broken it out, but we will work on sharing more flavour in terms of 
how we're looking at both investment as well as the return on investment.  
Devanshu Bansal: That's very clear. Thanks for taking the question. 
Moderator: The next question is from Saurabh Kundan from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.  
Saurabh Kundan: Thank you very much for the opportunity. I think you mentioned that performance...  
Moderator: Saurabh, your voice isn't very clear. I'm sorry to interrupt. Could you maybe come a 
little closer to the mic if you're on a handset? 
Saurabh Kundan: Is it better now? 
Saurabh Kundan: Okay. So, you mentioned the performance of the aggregators has not -- has been a 
bit unpredictable and you are transitioning towards doing more delivery business 
from your own app. 
 Having said that, this quarter, I mean, the aggregators have grown in the mid -teens 
and some of your peers also who I assume will be using the aggregators have also 
grown their delivery business in the mid -teens and you are flat. Are we to assume 
that while this transition happens, your off-premise business will remain a little weak 
for the 1.5 - 2 years transition period that you're talking about? 
Saurabh Kalra: I think that was the flavour you wanted to give of what's the reality as far as we are 
concerned. And what we hear is in market like Bangalore, everybody is facing a tough 
environment and that high number, which might be a reported number for pan-India 
might not be always applicable to our region. 
 Therefore, we are sticking to West and South. And what we see is we have not seen 
a market share drop as far as delivery is concerned in Western fast food amongst the 
aggregators, while we do see yo-yo between the 2 aggregators. So sometimes Swiggy 
does extremely well, sometimes Zomato does extremely well. 
 And what we have decided is rather than being able to only put money in more and 
more offers and more and more discounting, we would rather play a structural game 
where we are strategic about being a player in one of the platforms, in both the 
platforms b eing a significant player and yet being able to craft out our own niche 
through our own channel, and that's the endeavour of the project.  
===== PAGE 14 =====
 
 Page 13 of 21 
Saurabh Kundan: Okay. Could you give us a number as to what percentage of your off-premise business 
you want from your own platform eventually? 
Saurabh Kalra: So we have given this flavour 3, 4 years back when we had the investor call -- when 
we had the investor meeting. Typically, in some markets, we are as high as 1/3. And 
in some markets, we are low -single-digit. So aggregate, we are -- we have got some 
portion in double-digit as our own app, which we expect to improve or double in the 
next 1 to 2 years, 2 years like Akshay said. 
Saurabh Kundan: Okay, okay. I just want to press on the first question again one more time just for 
clarity. So this -- I understand I'm talking about the pan -India number, you were 
talking about your own markets, but still it seems that the gap is quite large.  
 Is it safe to assume that since you have taken a strategic call that you will choose to 
let go of some sales which you feel are not at a great margin and hence, maybe at 
least for some time, the offline could be -- the delivery business could be weak for 
you compared to the market? 
Saurabh Kalra: I would actually look at the data and say the monthly active users hasn't improved on 
any other platforms. Like I said, our information is in our market. Our market share is 
intact on both the platforms. 
 Marginal up and down happens between both of them. That's our story. I don't know 
what the details would be and what it would be for the aggregators, maybe that's a 
question for them. But I give you what outlook I have from our standpoint.  
Akshay Jatia: Yes. And just to add to what Saurabh said and maybe also answering your question, 
we maintain our market leadership position on their platforms, but we don't 
participate in any unsustainable discounting, which may be the case across the 
marketplace. And from what we do understand, a lot of the organic business is under 
severe pressure. 
 The food delivery growth of aggregator platforms, a lot of it comes from new 
additions, at least that's our information because despite being market leaders, our 
performance on their platform remains under pressure. 
Saurabh Kundan: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. Please go ahead.  
===== PAGE 15 =====
 
 Page 14 of 21 
Gaurav Jogani: Thank you for taking my question. So, my first question is with regards to the gross 
margins. We have continued to see handsome gross margin expansion. And this is 
despite the fact that we have taken kind of 80 to 100 bps that we have passed on to 
the consumers as well, the GST benefit. 
 So how sustainable these gross margins is? And a related question to this is you have 
also been driving multiple cost initiatives that has helped you to still maintain margins 
at a respectable level despite the negative leverage we have seen. So, in this slide, do 
you still continue to maintain your guidance for that Vision '27 margins that you have? 
Saurabh Kalra: For now, yes, that's the endeavour. I think we've always maintained -- in business, 
there are times when you go after sales, there are times when you go after important 
projects and costs so that your business is not any -- you are always ready and 
prepared whenever the opportunity comes to match on the opportunity.  
 So we are fairly -- we feel these are sustainable numbers for sure, right from 
breakeven to be able to get the operating leverage when sales come back. We feel 
quite confident about it. I think Hrushit can add more flavour given that he's the one 
who's running all these cost projects. 
Hrushit Shah: Yes. So, Gaurav, in terms of the numbers that we have seen, right, we have structural 
changes that we have been able to bring into the system. The robust cost program 
that we have, the governance program that we have, we have been able to knock off 
a lot o f cost over a period of time. Saurabh rightly pointed out, about 70% range is 
something that we are comfortable with, and that's a long -term sustainable gross 
margin number that we should be looking at. 
Gaurav Jogani: So that is the question actually. The sustenance is for the Vision 2027 guidance or the 
gross margin that we have clocked right now in this current quarter wasn't that?  
Akshay Jatia: So sorry, just to clarify, number one, what we are saying is that the gross margins are 
healthy and we wouldn't guide any further improvement. Our entire focus remains 
on operating margin. And obviously, in order to drive operating leverage, there is 
some gross margin on the table left to give. 
 That's number one. And number two, we definitely maintain our commitments 
around the margin for Vision 2027. We do anticipate margin and operating margin 
improvement to the tune of closer to the guidance that we've given.  
===== PAGE 16 =====
 
 Page 15 of 21 
Gaurav Jogani: Okay. And then the second and the last question is with regards to the SSG number 
that you had sailed out during your introduction regarding this McDelivery platform 
that you will be introduced. Sorry, I missed that number. What is the SSG number you 
said that you can achieve additionally because of this? 
Akshay Jatia: Yes, this is our estimation. And obviously, it's a flavour of how we look at growth, and 
we're sharing it so that obviously, the stakeholders understand how we look at 
growth. But the number is 3% to 5% incremental contribution towards SSSG over a 
period of time. 
Gaurav Jogani: Yes. And that time would be 3 to 5 years? 
Saurabh Kalra: No, between 1 to 2 years. 
Gaurav Jogani: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Amnish Aggarwal from PL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Amnish Aggarwal: Hi Akshay. Just a couple of questions. First being that was there some element of one-
time in the payroll cost and other expenses in the quarter? 
Saurabh Kalra: Sorry, can you repeat the question, Amnish, please? 
Amnish Aggarwal: Yes. You see the payroll expenses; they have actually seen quite a sharp increase even 
on a Q-o-Q basis from Rs. 93 crores to Rs. 102 crores. And similarly, the other expense 
here also quite -- they have seen on a Y -o-Y basis, they are quite a bit up by around 
12%. So, any particular one-off or anything to call out for in these two expenses? 
Hrushit Shah: So Amnish, if you recollect, even last quarter, we had called out, there are certain 
upfront payments on account of the cost initiatives that we have initiated, right? So 
that should normalize as we go through the year. So that is one. Also, there is 
increment, et cetera, which have got baked in, which is impacting the payroll costs 
for the current quarter. 
Amnish Aggarwal: Okay. So Rs. 1,027 crores is the payroll cost. So that would be the base if we have to 
say, look forward. So incrementally, it is going to be, you can say, based on this 
number? 
Hrushit Shah: Yes, that's correct. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
 
 Page 16 of 21 
Amnish Aggarwal: Okay. And my second question is on the demand. And as you said that October month 
has gone down well so far. So based on your October, first of all, have we turned SSG 
positive in October? And if yes, so what sort of you can say number we should expect 
in Q3? Although I understand that there is no guidance which is given usually.  
Akshay Jatia: Yes, correct. So, it would be incorrect for us to touch upon what that number was for 
October. But like we mentioned, there's been a substantial improvement over 
September. See, we look at baseline and projections basis the last few weeks in terms 
of our momentum or to cal culate our momentum. So like Saurabh also mentioned, 
we are encouraged by what we've seen in October. 
 The environment still remains tough, but a lot depends on how November and 
December go. Obviously, our commitment and our intention is to drive towards 
positive SSSG. And we definitely do feel that all our work will add up towards that. 
But that being said, the macroeconomic situation is also proving to be quite hard. So 
that's how we're looking at Q3, but we are optimistic. 
Amnish Aggarwal: But just one thing, not looking at a specific number, is October showing your positive 
SSSG? 
Saurabh Kalra: Like I said, Amnish, it would be incorrect for us to break out how October is doing in 
terms of any numbers. But like I said, there's been a substantial improvement over 
September. And we're quite optimistic basis how October has gone in terms of our 
momentum for the rest of the quarter. 
Amnish Aggarwal: Okay. And if we look at, say, September, like you said, July had gone down well, 
August was good and then September went down. But for the full quarter, we are  
- 2.8%. It means September would have been substantially on the negative side?  
Akshay Jatia: So Amnish, September was quite a bad month in terms of performance. Again, we 
don't break out month -to-month SSSG. That's why we report it on a quarterly basis. 
But you can assume that September was a pretty bad month in terms of SSSG.  
Moderator: Next question is from Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go ahead.  
Harit Kapoor: Hi good evening. So just on McDelivery initiatives first. I just had a question on the 
cost side. So, I understand that you accrue the benefits of these initiatives over a 1 to 
2 year period. And -- but as far as the upfronting on cost, do we expect this to largely 
be seen by -- over the next 2 quarters or so because typically, the benefits accrue at 
a later date? 
===== PAGE 18 =====
 
 Page 17 of 21 
 And the second question on that is, apart from the discovery, which will happen on 
McDelivery, is there an investment in execution as well, feet on street, et cetera, own 
delivery, et cetera? Is there an element of that also that you are considering? Thos e 
are my 2 questions on McDelivery. 
Hrushit Shah: So Harit, so again, it's a good question and we will try and share more flavour over a 
period of time. Our intention this time was to just share our perspective in terms of 
how we look at growth and how we're thinking about future growth also through our 
digital channels. The upfront costs and any impacts have already been reflected in 
our current P&L. 
 We will try and share how they looked at in light of the incremental sales also that we 
see. But the costs have already been absorbed or are being absorbed over this quarter 
and the next few quarters in terms of the investments we're making towards that 
growth. 
Saurabh Kalra: And if it leads to -- after the project, if it leads to additional investment, we are more 
than happy to make them. That's how the outlook remains. But largely, like Hrushit 
has said, for this set as we stand today, largely all the investments have been ma de 
for the project. And now we will take the next step on the project finishes.  
Harit Kapoor: Got it. And the second question is on South India. So I understand Bangalore has been 
a bit of a drag, but your assessment of the changes you've made in the chicken menu, 
flavour, et cetera, with it being now there for a short period of time, what is your 
assessment of consumer review or consumer reaction, consumer preference to the 
changes that you've made there? Just it would be very helpful to get a sense of that.  
Saurabh Kalra: So actually, because it's food, I would encourage all of you who eat non-vegetarian to 
go and try our bone -in chicken platform. I think we were there in South, both in 
Hyderabad and Bangalore. I think we have now finally been able to crack a process, 
which gives us a distinct advantage and a great quality product. 
 All the employees are very excited and very proud of serving a uniquely McDonald's 
bone-in chicken, which we are very proud of serving that it will be a bone-in chicken, 
which will be best-in-class. 
 I think the idea is how do we make more and more customers try and what are these 
avenues to be able to create a marketing brand of chicken around McDonald's so that 
===== PAGE 19 =====
 
 Page 18 of 21 
we are able to make people try this and get an extra occasion of fried chicken into 
our restaurants. 
Harit Kapoor: Thank you very much, I'll come back soon. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from Madhav from SKP. 
Madhav: Thanks for the opportunity. So my question was with respect to the newly opened 
stores, the stores that were opened in the last 6 months. So, you mentioned in your 
opening remarks about these stores performing better. 
 So can you give some numbers in terms of like how are these stores performing 
compared to your existing stores? That is one. And the other question is that 
whatever your plans are with respect to new store opening, so what is your strategy? 
 Like where exactly do you plan to open these stores? Is it like mostly inside malls or 
like standalone outlets or -- so on these 2 fronts, if you can share some colour. 
Saurabh Kalra: Okay. So first of all, like Akshay already mentioned, we've opened -- the 8 stores which 
we opened, we have seen quite a decent performance. We have almost opened at 
the system average as a basket. Some of the restaurants have done really well for us, 
including a freestanding Drive -Thru in Boisar, Davangere which have opened at far 
higher number than even the system average is concerned. 
 As far as opening strategy is concerned, I think Akshay mentioned that we have just 
worked on an automation in terms of an AI tool so that we make it much more data 
enriched and data backed or where do we need to open spaces.  
 I think earlier, we were -- we did call out that we want to open more store in South, 
less store in West and then we said we are going to open balance 50 -50. Today, we 
are saying we are going to open where the maximum bang for the buck comes. And 
because we are enabled through data, we can make those decisions easy. Now having 
said that, real estate is not an overnight shift to turn. We have just deployed the tool. 
 We are actually working on top 150 locations where we can open the next 50, 60 
restaurants. Needless to say, we already have 30 - 40 stores in the pipeline, which we 
will definitely open because the lease have been signed. So that's the strategy. We 
are quite optimistic about being able to achieve our Vision 2027 store opening of 580 
to 630 in the next 2 years. 
===== PAGE 20 =====
 
 Page 19 of 21 
Moderator: The next question is from Yash Bajaj from Lucky Investment Managers. Please go 
ahead. 
Yash Bajaj: Yes, my questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: We'll move to the next question. The next question is from Saurabh Kundan from 
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kundan: Thank you. So, the recent changes to the royalty arrangement are well noted. I just 
wanted to check, do these changes also come along with some other additional 
commitments you might have made to the brand like in terms of some more 
investments you might d o -- might have been asked to do or maybe a higher store 
addition or anything that has changed in the overall arrangement because you have 
negotiated a lower royalty now? 
Saurabh Kalra: Yes, we have negotiated with the comp, but everything is in line with the Vision 2027. 
We haven't changed anything around that. 
Saurabh Kundan: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Before we take the next question, a reminder to participants, press star 
and one to join the question queue. The next question is from Harit Kapoor from 
Investec. Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: Yes. I just had a follow-up on these investments in creating your own tech for better 
understanding of opening stores. So, if I got this right, this is going to be your own 
proprietary tech because there are also -- there's also tech applications in the market 
which you can use for this. So I just wanted to get -- this is your own proprietary tech 
that you're using for new store openings? 
Akshay Jatia: It's a location intelligence software developed by a vendor, and we formed a 
partnership with the vendor to now use this technology in order to improve our 
location accuracy using their data. We still have our own proprietary processes and 
knowledge in terms of how we've done real estate over the last 30 years, but this is 
just adding more science to the art. 
Harit Kapoor: Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: The next question is from Anuj D. from Antique Stock Broking. 
===== PAGE 21 =====
 
 Page 20 of 21 
Anuj D.: Hi, team. Just a follow-up on the royalty, which was mentioned earlier. So, during Q1 
and Q2, we had seen roughly a 5.6% of sales in royalty. So, for the full year, where 
would this number sit at? I mean I understand that FY '27 and '28 will be at 5%. But 
for this year, will that get adjusted in Q3, Q4 or will we be slightly higher than 5%?  
Saurabh Kalra: So I think all the royalty rates which are published are without GST. GST is over and 
above that. So it would be around that number. There's no reduction in royalty. It 
continues with the existing royalty. 
Hrushit Shah: And we have got those reconciliations which happened at the end of Q3 for us and 
annual reconciliation which is end of year with the global corporation. So whatever 
annual reconciliations happen, we don't expect any change in the royalty rate. 
Royalty rate will be in line with what we had last year. 
Saurabh Kalra: And our new royalty rates are duly updated in our website. You can have a look at it.  
Moderator: Participants who wish to ask questions, please press star and one. The next question 
is from Jignanshu from Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Jignanshu Gor: Hi, thank you for the opportunity,  team. I have one question related to the gross 
margin expansion. Would you say any part of this gross margin expansion that we 
have seen is also related to a change of mix of products that we have sold, either 
more sort of beverages or more desserts, etcetera, which are higher-margin products 
or is it entirely due to our cost initiatives? 
Saurabh Kalra: Majority of it, which is a vast majority of it has not got to do anything with the product 
mix yet. There were initiatives which we were working on, and we operated under 
Hrushit as a CFO, and entire cost project in which we brought down line item by line 
item what are the areas which we needed to optimize on. 
 And this is a result of that. So that's why we were able to say these are structural in 
nature, be it distribution partnerships, be it looking at each and every BOM sourcing, 
commodity. So that's how it has come to us. So we believe it's structural and will stay. 
Jignanshu Gor: Okay, great. Alright, that was it. Thank you so much team and all the best  
Saurabh Kalra: Thank you. 
Moderator: That was the last question in queue. I would now like to hand the conference back to 
the management team for closing comments. 
===== PAGE 22 =====
 
 Page 21 of 21 
Akshay Jatia: Thank you so much, everyone, for your questions, and we look forward to seeing you 
next quarter. Thank you. 
Saurabh Kalra: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Westlife Foodworld Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: Please note that this transcript has been edited to correct any inadvertent grammatical 
inaccuracies or language inconsistencies that may have occurred while speaking. The audio of this call is 
available here.  
 