
===== PAGE 1 =====
WESTLIFE FOODWORLD LTD.  
Regd. Off.: 1001, Tower-3, 10th Floor • One International Center  
Senapati Bapat Marg • Prabhadevi • Mumbai 400 013 
Tel : 022-4913 5000  Fax : 022-4913 5001 
CIN No. : L65990MH1982PLC028593 
  Website: www.westlife.co.in | E-mail id :shatadru@westlife.co.in 
 
                            
Date: 11th May, 2026 
 
 
To,         To, 
BSE Ltd. (‘the BSE) The National Stock Exchange of India Limited (‘the NSE’) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers      Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street                              Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 001       Mumbai – 400051      
 
Sub :   Compliance with Regulations 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, 
Submission of transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended                   
31st March, 2026. 
 
Re   : Westlife Foodworld Limited (“the Company”): Scrip Code -505533 and 
WESTLIFE (NSE) 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
In compliance with Regulation s 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Lis ting 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 , please find enclosed herewith 
transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended 31st March, 2026, held post the 
Board Meeting of the Company on 7th May, 2026. 
 
In this regard, the transcript of the said earnings conference call has been uploaded on the 
Company’s website and can be accessed at the weblink: 
https://www.westlife.co.in/investors/financial-news-and-information/ 
 
You are requested to take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Westlife Foodworld Ltd. 
 
 
 
 
Dr. Shatadru Sengupta 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 Page 1 of 21 
 
 
Westlife Foodworld Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
▪ Mr. Akshay Jatia – President & Chief Executive Officer 
▪ Mr. Saurabh Kalra – Managing Director 
▪ Mr. Shardul Doshi – Chief Financial Officer 
▪ Mr. Chintan Jajal – Lead Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
 
 Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Westlife Foodworld Limited Q4 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.  
We would like to remind you that certain statements made by the management in 
today’s call may be forward -looking statements. Th ese forward-looking statements 
reflect management’s best judgment and analysis as of today. The actual results may 
differ materially from the current expectations based on a number of factors affecting 
the business. Please refer to the safe harbor disclosure in earnings presentation.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chintan Jajal. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
Chintan Jajal:  Thank you, Rutuja. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Westlife 
Foodworld earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year ended 31 st 
March 2026. I am Chintan Jajal, Head of Investor Relations at Westlife Foodworld. 
From the management team, I have with me Mr. Akshay Jatia, President and CEO; Mr. 
Saurabh Kalra, Managing Director; and Mr. Shardul Doshi, Chief Financial Officer.  
As always, we will begin today’s session with Akshay sharing his perspective on 
company’s overall strategy and outlook. This will be followed by Saurabh taking us 
through the key operational and financial highlights. Post that, we will then open the 
forum for questions and answers. Throughout the call, we will be referring to earnings 
presentation and financial releases, which are available on the NSE, BSE, as well as 
investors page of our website.  
With that, I now request Akshay to commence the session. Thank you, and over to 
you, Akshay. 
Akshay Jatia:  Hello and good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I hope you’ve had 
the opportunity to review our Q4 and full year FY26 results. This quarter, our 
performance was anchored in strengthening our everyday value platform and on -
ground execution. Our focus was primarily on driving guest count growth by making 
everyday value accessible to everyone. Despite the challenges, we delivered a steady 
performance underpinned by improving guest count trends and sustained 
profitability.  
===== PAGE 4 =====
 
 Page 3 of 21 
For the quarter, same-store sales growth stood at 1.5% while overall top line grew 9% 
year-on-year. What is particularly reassuring is the underlying improvement in footfall 
trend with positive growth across footfalls across all three months of the quarter. 
Similar momentum is continuing into April as well, setting the base for a good start to 
the new fiscal year. That said, these are still early days, and we would refrain from 
calling this a sustained revival until we see a few more quarters and months of 
consistent momentum.  
Our consumer proposition is very clear: accessible everyday value combined with 
iconic McDonald’s experiences delivered with consistency and backed by strong 
economic discipline. We are encouraged by the early evidence of this strategy 
translating into sustained guest count traction. At the heart of this performance is our 
unwavering focus on everyday value. Value at McDonald’s is trusted, predictable, and 
habit-forming. Our 99 everyday value meal continues to witness strong traction and 
has driven encouraging dine-in footfall growth across all our regions. 
Building on this proposition, we are leveraging McCafé to drive a daily habit of coffee 
consumption in India. Our coffee is already loved by millions of people and to further 
amplify this, last quarter we launched a monthly coffee subscription program to drive 
repeat visits and strengthen McCafé loyalty.  
We continue to focus on deepening consumer engagement to keep the brand 
contemporary and culturally relevant. During the quarter, we rolled out two 
merchandise-led campaigns featuring a sipper and a tote bag aimed at driving Gen Z 
engagement and sustaining brand buzz within the cohort. These engagements were 
driven primarily through leveraging digital media and we are encouraged by the 
strong response and brand affinity that they generated. 
I’m also delighted to share that last quarter we achieved a major milestone in our 
sustainability journey. We were ranked sixth globally in the restaurants and leisure 
facilities sector according to the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment and 
were included in the Sustainability Yearbook for 2026. This recognition was awarded 
to only six companies out of 126 in our industry globally, reflecting our continued 
commitment to embedding sustainability to be at the core of our long -term growth 
strategy.  
Looking ahead, we remain focused on disciplined and prudent network expansion 
aligned with improving demand trends and strong capital efficiency. We opened a 
record 48 restaurants this year, taking our footprint meaningfully higher across both 
===== PAGE 5 =====
 
 Page 4 of 21 
existing and newer markets. Going forward, we plan to further accelerate our 
expansion by opening 60 plus restaurants annually with all new stores fully equipped 
with digital modern design and McCafes, reflecting our confidence in the strength of 
our industry and the opportunity that lies ahead.  
Before I hand it over, I’d like to reiterate that our philosophy remains rooted in 
profitable and sustainable growth with a clear focus on stakeholder value creation. 
We are building Westlife for the long term through cycles with discipline and with our 
consumer proposition firmly at the centre of every decision we make.  
With that, I’ll now pass it to Saurabh to take you through the operational and financial 
highlights for the quarter. 
Saurabh Kalra:  Thank you, Akshay. Good evening, everyone. I hope all of you are doing well. Coming 
back to the results, the fourth quarter reflected steady execution amid challenges 
with our performance driven by improving guest count momentum, disciplined 
execution, and sustained profitability margin. Throughout the quarter, we remained 
firmly focused on sharpening our consumer value proposition, which Akshay also 
spoke about, while consistently delivering the great customer experience McDonald's 
is famous for across both dine-in and delivery channels.  
For the quarter, consolidated revenue stood at INR  6.6 billion, growing 9% year -on-
year. For the full year of FY26, revenue stood at INR  26.3 billion, translating into 5% 
year-on-year growth. The quarter ended with a positive same -store sales growth of 
1.5% at the system level driven by mid -single-digit guest count growth, which is the 
real heartening part.  
While the West continued to outperform, I'm especially encouraged by the progress 
in the South where same-store sales growth also ended the quarter nearly flattish and 
a meaningful improvement versus previous quarters, and that too on the back of GC 
momentum which was marginally positive.  
From a channel standpoint, on -premises sales grew 9% year -on-year while off -
premises sales increased 6% year -on-year. Growth across both channels was 
supported by positive comparable guest count primarily driven by everyday value 
meals and sharper digital engagements. Importantly, the McDelivery platform 
continued to gain scale and salience, witnessing strong growth across dayparts and 
demonstrating early evidence of a robust and sustainable growth engine.  
===== PAGE 6 =====
 
 Page 5 of 21 
Now moving to profitability, our continued focus on execution discipline and cost 
optimization helped anchor our margin performance. Gross margin for the quarter 
remained near historic high levels of 68.1%, improving by around 60 basis points 
sequentially. Restaurant operating margins improved by approximately 70 basis 
points year -on-year. Our operating EBITDA remains broadly stable year -on-year 
despite higher advertising and promotion spend and continued growth investments.  
Cash profit after tax stood at INR  487 million, representing 7.4% of sales. FY26 
witnessed continued inflationary pressures across key commodities, notably cocoa 
and coffee. However, the impact was mitigated through supply chain efficiencies and 
our full-year like-for-like gross margins stood at 67.7%, improving by around 140 bps 
year-on-year. Restaurant operating margin grew approximately 100 basis points year-
on-year to 20.3% while operating EBITDA remained stable at 13.2%. For the full year, 
cash PAT was at rupees 2.4 billion, representing 9% of sales.  
Our digital sales contribution stood at 76%, increasing over 100 basis points year -on-
year, primarily driven by higher engagement across McDonald's app, McDelivery 
platform, and self -ordering kiosks. These continue to enhance frequency, 
personalization, and operation throughput at scale. Cumulative app downloads have 
now crossed 52 million with approximately 3.5 million monthly active users, growing 
at a healthy double-digit rate year-on-year. 
On the network expansion, we continue to follow disciplined and a prudent approach. 
We opened 21 new restaurants in quarter 4, taking our total tally to 478 restaurants 
across 78 cities. New store performance remains encouraging supported by improved 
site selection and a stronger execution rigor.  
On the operations front, we continue to closely monitor LPG situation and have taken 
proactive measures to mitigate operational risk as much as possible. Prior investment 
in store modernization and capability upgrades have translated into greater resilience 
in this current environment. All our restaurants are operational with less than 10% of 
the restaurants operating on limited menu.  
To conclude, Q4 reflects the strength and resilience of our core business 
fundamentals, our continued focus on everyday value, disciplined execution, and 
structured profitability. This positions us well as demand trends improve gradually. As 
we move forward, our priorities remain clear, driving guest count -led growth, 
strengthening our consumer value proposition, building brand affinity, scaling digital 
capabilities, and expanding our network responsibly.  
===== PAGE 7 =====
 
 Page 6 of 21 
With that, thank you very much for your time and we are very happy to take whatever 
questions you have. 
Moderator:  Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.  
Devanshu Bansal:  Yes, hi, good evening, everyone. So, congratulations on good store openings as well 
as good gross margin performance. Sir, Q4 was impacted by supply side disruptions, 
there was some preponement of Navratri as well. So, wanted to check if you could 
help us better understand the normalized SSG during the quarter? This would help us 
better project the underlying consumption trends. 
Saurabh Kalra:  So, as I spoke when I was giving you the review of quarter four, we had high mid -
single digit guest count comps. Needless to say, there were other pressures beyond 
Navratri also like LPG not being available in a few restaurants. 10% of our stores were 
impacted pretty much from 10th of March onwards. So, I think, but all of this in the 
big picture is all fair because last year also something would have happened.  
 
So, what we would like to believe is if we take the same store bucket, what has it 
done this year? This is the number which comes out. So, I would not like to break it 
further and be able to say, we will remove Navratri, something or the other keeps 
happening in an Indian environment and the real performance is what comes out. So, 
for us, that's how I would put it as 1.5% is what we've delivered with a mid-single digit 
guest count comps, which is the number of invoices.  
So, and we are pleased that after a long time now, we've started hitting a momentum 
which is 8% to 10% on growth and we believe we're poised to continue this 
momentum. 
Devanshu Bansal:  Got it, Saurabh. Saurabh, I also wanted to check across regions you indicated that 
South has turned positive and despite that we are at 1.5%. I wanted to check has 
there been a dip in SSG in the West region if you could throw some light there?  
Saurabh Kalra:  So, what I talked about South was, South has made a significant amount of 
improvement on the sales side while the guest count turned positive. And that is 
something which was a problem which we had pointed out in the previous call. So, 
we wanted to let you know about that. Like I said, there were multiple disruptions 
even in West like LPG etc.  
===== PAGE 8 =====
 
 Page 7 of 21 
So, we are happy with what we've been able to achieve in terms of 1.5%. West 
remains strong. Obviously, most of you are based out of West. You can go to the 
restaurants and see West remains a very strong driver of growth for us. And what we 
are seeing is green shoots in West definitely. South also coming in, as I'm talking to 
you. 
Devanshu Bansal:  Understood. So, you're saying that guest count has turned positive for the South for 
the quarter, right, on a same store level? 
Saurabh Kalra:  Yes. 
Devanshu Bansal:  The last question from my end, we have taken conscious efforts to ramp up our 
delivery channel, plus last quarter we indicated improved relationship with 
aggregators also. And in your commentary, you mentioned that the monthly active 
users are growing at double digit, right? But if we see overall growth, it is around 5%, 
6%. So, when do you expect these initiatives to reflect into better growth for us?  
Saurabh Kalra:  So, on total growth, I think there was a fundamental change we made and we spoke 
about it last year starting second half onwards, that what we do need is volume 
growth, which means guest counts need to start coming. Value is not difficult in a 
current environment to get, but we wanted to really, really focus on volume. So, that's 
what we did and we got good volume growth on our own channel, 3PO, and our dine-
in.  
While it grew there was a 2%, 3% difference and we're happy that dine-in grew faster. 
But normally if I look at an overall and I reflect back or reflect forward, I think we 
would like to believe we would actually grow at a similar level in both dine -in and 
delivery. That's how we are looking at the business going forward. So 2%, 3% here and 
there keeps happening quarter by quarter.  
But on the longer -term outlook, what I would like to believe is while delivery has 
grown 6%, the guest count was far higher. While dine -in has grown 9%, the guest 
count was far, far higher. So, we would like to balance equal amount of growth coming 
from both dine -in and delivery channels and all of them led by more volume than 
value. 
Devanshu Bansal:  Fair, enough. Just small follow-up for your own delivery channel. Is this monthly active 
user double digit growth also reflecting into transacting users for you? 
===== PAGE 9 =====
 
 Page 8 of 21 
Saurabh Kalra:  That's correct. That's correct. For our own channel, we see the highest amount of 
growth coming on our own channel. Obviously, the base of our own channel is 
smaller, relatively speaking. So, it does not really come into the result directly as of 
now, but we believe it should start reflecting over a period of time.  
Devanshu Bansal:  Okay, great, Saurabh. Thanks for taking my question. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaivalya Baing from IIFL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki:  Hi, this is Percy Panthaki here. I just wanted to get some insight into your gross 
margin. What is the reason for the very healthy expansion that you have seen there? 
Saurabh Kalra:  Percy, we've been able to always make, there are three, four levers in gross margin 
and when all of them play together, we are always able to maintain and improve 
margins. I think last year, inflation was a little bit in our favour versus what we 
normally get. It might not repeat this year.  
In addition to that, if I look at it, we have got supply chain initiatives and we did a cost 
project internally, which has worked out quite well for us and we've been able to save 
some amount of gross margin which was able to not only mitigate inflation but also 
give us saving beyond that, which is what you see. 
Percy Panthaki:  Okay. And any price increases that you have recently taken? I believe Dominos has 
taken some price increases already and there are some inflationary pressures building 
up. So, what are your thoughts on FY27? What kind of contribution of pricing can we 
assume from the growth? 
Saurabh Kalra:  We've always maintained that year-on-year we pass on 2% to 4% of price increase 
year-on-year. We generally don't talk about when do we do it, how do we do it. 
Normally, we do it in three, four tranches. It's a very small increase which you would 
not even be able to identify. For now, we've not been able to take any price increase 
for the last four, five months.  
For immediate future, we don't have a plan as of now. We will come back to you. We 
believe the inflation which is hitting we should be able to manage. If there is a small 
price increase here and there , it might happen. So, for the year, the outlook remains 
constant. 2% to 4% is what we take so that we are able to manage inflation better.  
===== PAGE 10 =====
 
 Page 9 of 21 
Percy Panthaki:  And on South India, what exactly were the initiatives or the actions that you have put 
in, the interventions that you have put in, which has worked? Can you just explain it 
a little bit in detail? 
Saurabh Kalra:  So, South really, we were doing a lot of things. We put a stop to everything, and we 
went back to what we are really famous for, which is everyday value platform. And 
what we've done in West, we tried in South first and we've then started to roll out. 
Except Chennai pretty much everywhere we're doing everyday value platform. And 
in Chennai, we are experimenting in half the restaurant, which have given great 
results. So, this quarter we plan to roll everyday value platform including in Chennai. 
But other than Chennai, the entire South we've done everyday value platform, which 
has started to give us good traction. 
Percy Panthaki:  But when you say that you are doing a lot of things earlier which you have put a stop 
to, what exactly does that mean? 
Akshay Jatia:  I'll just clarify for Saurabh as well that I think focusing on the everyday value platform 
and what McDonald's is known for, which is delivering quality service and cleanliness 
in every one of our restaurants is what we've really focused on. So, we went back to 
the basics and I think in the South while we continue to leverage our different menu 
categories, we focused primarily on our core, which is ensuring that customers get 
everyday value and we offer them the best possible experience in our restaurants.  
Percy Panthaki:  Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishnan Sambamoorthy from Ashika 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Krishnan Sambamoorthy:  Yes, hi. Two questions from me. One is on the store openings front. You've guided for 
60 plus openings in FY27, which is higher than the usual 40 to 50 stores that you've 
been guiding for. Can you take us through the rationale and your confidence, how 
have arrived at this number? 
Akshay Jatia:  So, I think, we've always committed to this larger number of 580 to 630 restaurants 
in our Vision 2027. And as we’ve been deploying all our initiatives to further grow our 
average unit volume, we've seen great momentum and we do feel that in our region 
there’s a lot of opportunity for penetration.  
And we’ve always maintained that we will continue to penetrate as we feel is logical 
and we feel now from 45 to 50 restaurants, 60 plus is the number that our market can 
===== PAGE 11 =====
 
 Page 10 of 21 
handle in order to grow sales profitably. So, I think that's how we came to give out 
this guidance and we're quite confident that it will further add to our growth 
aspirations. 
Krishnan Sambamoorthy:  Thanks. The second question is on store closures. While McDonald's has typically 
done a great job in terms of store openings, over the last couple of years you had 
between 7 to 8 store closures, which is not a very significant number of the overall 
number, but still higher than the longer -term average. My question is what are the 
reasons for store closures and particularly the store closures for the current year, and 
would this be a feature in subsequent years as well? 
Akshay Jatia:  So, in a retail environment, actually to operate most optimally you do have to keep 
re-evaluating your portfolio. We call it portfolio management. And across 500 odd 
locations there will be locations that either become redundant or are no longer 
commercially viable and actually it's best for the network that you optimize. It’s one 
of the most effective ways to run a network. So, I think in the past we've been very 
prudent.  
We will continue to be, but as our network keeps expanding you will see store closures 
to optimize our portfolio and I think the current number would probably be a fair 
representation of, you know, the guidance that we would give. And I think that it’s 
only for the benefit of our portfolio. 
Krishnan Sambamoorthy:  Yes, just a follow-up to that, because of the relook at the South India business, were 
more of the store closures skewed towards the Southern market?  
Akshay Jatia:  No, nothing like that. 
Saurabh Kalra:  So, like Akshay said and you also know that we don't like to close too many stores. 
We would like to do it for portfolio management. But if you look at it from a portfolio 
standpoint, we would have closed two, three stores, two, three malls shut down. 
Some of the places there is a new highway which comes up and all of a sudden 
accessibility is blocked. So, it’s not that we are keen on closing more stores.  
As a portfolio like he said, we will continue to close six, seven stores because three, 
four stores automatically comes as some or the other problem occurs in this kind of 
a network. 1% store have an issue which occurs and then there is one or two more 
closure which can happen due to tenure etc. etc. So, it’s nothing major which we 
would like to call. It’s a part of our portfolio management and ways of working.  
===== PAGE 12 =====
 
 Page 11 of 21 
Krishnan Sambamoorthy:  Very useful. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Mody from RDM Advisory LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Rishi Mody:  Hello, hi guys. Can you hear me? 
Moderator: Yes, we can. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Mody:  Yes. Firstly, I just wanted to understand the 80 -bps year -on-year improvement in 
opex...  
Saurabh Kalra:  Rishi, your voice is your voice is not clear. It’s a little wobbly. So, if you can be closer 
and can be louder. 
Rishi Mody:  Is this better? 
Saurabh Kalra:  Little better. 
Rishi Mody: All right. So, I wanted to understand firstly the 80 bps Y -o-Y improvement that you’ll 
have shown on the opex front in your slide. What has that led to? What's led to that 
improvement if you could help me understand that? 
Akshay Jatia:  So, I think that, you know, we'll just take a look at what you’re referring to. Which 
opening which number are you talking about? 
Rishi Mody: Just a second. I have the PPT open with me. 
Akshay Jatia:  I think Rishi, I think this question we can take offline. You can reach out to Chintan 
and I think he can explain that to you along with our CFO because, we'd like to limit 
the discussion to more strategic points. 
Rishi Mody: Okay, fine. Second, you mentioned in the Q3 call that the toys issue is a BIS issue, but 
I was just reading up on it online. It seems that there’s a structural move by 
McDonald’s globally away from toys to books for some sustainability reasons. So, just 
wanted to understand are toys going to come back for your Happy Meals or if you 
could just give some clarity that on that piece? 
Saurabh Kalra:  So, like you rightly said, there was a BIS issue and government has also opened up a 
few countries now. We are working very hard with the supply chain team to make 
sure the toys come as soon as possible, including getting the BIS certified factories 
===== PAGE 13 =====
 
 Page 12 of 21 
supplying us toys. We were also working parallelly for Indian vendors to get BIS 
approved. That's or Indian vendors to be both McDonald's and BIS approved. So, that 
is happening in the background.  
We foresee that by next year, it will still take almost nine months to one year is in our 
judgment to be able to bring toys back. But books are already there. We have been -- 
since the time toys were banned, we've been using books as a Happy Meal giveaway 
in our restaurants. So, that's what an update on that is. 
Rishi Mody:  Okay, got it. Finally, just one structural piece on consumer behaviour, right? You’ll 
launched this protein slice thing . So, just wanted to understand is there like are our 
consumers justifying coming in to have McDonald's with the protein slice as a 
healthier version or people are moving away from Western QSR citing health 
reasons? Like just what's your read on the consumer behaviour? Is there a health -
conscious consumption wave that is structural in nature or it’s people revert back to 
QSR? 
Saurabh Kalra:  So, let me come back to you on this point in two parts, right? The first part is as I 
talked about that there was a mid-single digit consumer the guest count growth, 
which means the number of consumers came were 5% extra and we are seeing the 
momentum grow even higher. So, I don't think that there is an issue when you talk 
about health.  
In fact, as McDonald's I've always maintained and I always maintain this to everybody 
that if there could be absolute transparent norms where people choose what they 
eat, McDonald's would be better than most things people eat sometime even better 
than what you eat at home if would be my argument. But having said that, I think as 
McDonald's we charted a path in 2016 on real food, real good.  
The first thing we did was made Aloo Tikki Burger which is our highest selling product 
into a balanced meal that broadly it confines to all the parameters which is calories 
coming out of carb, fat and protein are balanced basis the National Institute of 
Nutrition guidelines. So, we did this in the background. Now obviously you don't sell 
by saying healthy Aloo Tikki, right? So, it you or you say don't say nutritious Aloo Tikki.  
This is what we did in the background. Then we kept working on saying can we reduce 
sodium on French Fries? Then when we went out about reducing fat in our 
mayonnaise, right? That’s something which has been happening from last 10 years in 
===== PAGE 14 =====
 
 Page 13 of 21 
the background. Last year was protein slice for people who want to have excess 
protein in their diet, they know that you can always add 5 gram of protein.  
So, it’s a journey which McDonald's is taking not because there is health. Eventually, 
we would like our consumers to choose what they eat and in in that spirit, Millet Bun 
was a choice, this is a choice. So, we want to provide as many choices to our consumer 
as possible. 
Rishi Mody:  All right, got it.  
Moderator: I would request Mr. Mody to please rejoin the queue.  
Rishi Mody:  Just a quick follow-up. Let me just check that with the management. When you said 
5% customer growth, you meant 5% unique customer growth, or you meant like 5% 
bill cut growth? 
Saurabh Kalra:  So, obviously we don't give breakups. Needless to say, any business has a Pareto, lot 
of people customer come new, some are regulars. Now on this call, we do not give 
and share that information. But when you see 5% growth in any company there would 
be a lot of new customers which would have come in the fold and a lot who would 
have continued to transact with us. 
Rishi Mody:  All right, got it. Thank you. That’s all from my end. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani:  Thank you for taking my question. I have two sets of questions largely related to 
margins. So, first one is, with regards to your guidance on the gross margin front, you 
have mentioned that in the near term the gross margins could be at the 67% plus. So, 
is it largely in caution with the inflation that we are seeing on multiple counts? And if 
yes, you know, that's approximately 100 bps lower versus the current levels. So, any 
guidance on the same will be helpful. 
Shardul Doshi:  Yes, it is in line with the inflation which we are seeing currently in the market. There 
is of course lot of pressure which is there on the suppliers too with the geopolitical 
situation, so there'll be some inflation. But there are also some cost optimization 
programs which we run and hence we have given you the indicative number of in 
terms of the 67% COGS going forward. Sorry, the gross margin going forward. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
 
 Page 14 of 21 
Gaurav Jogani:  Okay, okay. Thank you. And just an alluding question to this is with regards to the 
guidance for the Vision 2027 margins. Now for this year, if we look at the pre -Ind AS 
EBITDA margins, they're roughly in the range of around 7.5% percent. Now for that 
Vision 27 number, we are -- you know hardly one and a half years away from that 
number. So, is there any change to the guidance or was still confident that we'll be 
able to achieve that guidance? Any change in the outlook if you can highlight? 
Akshay Jatia:  So, just to answer that firstly, from an Ind AS to Ind AS comparison, I think we’re 
talking about roughly this 7.5% or 7.8% that you mentioned going to around 13% to 
15%. I think a lot of the improvement is going to come through operating leverage 
and when we’re seeing such momentum in terms of same -store sales growth and 
guest counts, we're quite confident that we will move closer towards what we’ve 
committed.  
In terms of Vision 2027, the journey is for us to balance com p sales as well as new 
store additions over the next year and first cross say INR3,000 odd crores in sales. I 
think that's how we are looking at it and then we will talk about the breakup for the 
next two years sometime closer to the start of the next financial year to give more 
color on Vision 2027. 
Gaurav Jogani:  Okay, sure. Thank you. That’s all from me. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Avendus Spark 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Tejas Shah:  Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My first question pertains to the interplay between 
SSSG, gross margin and footfall that you have called out. So, clearly the fact that 
footfall has been higher than SSSG, I am assuming that a lot of recruitment of mix 
would have gone on the value format side. But still we delivered very good gross 
margin. So, was just trying to deconstruct that what worked on raw material side that 
you -- which worked in our Favor this quarter? 
Saurabh Kalra:  See luckily for us supply chain is managed on an annual basis. We've got contract 
sometime those contracts we are able to deliver higher volume so cost comes down 
and then the next protocol starts etc. etc. So, to me that's why we gave a guidance 
saying this quarter we've been able to achieve this, which is true for the year. Our 
internal goal is to be able to as close to the yearly number as possible for the next 
year, but realistic guidance is what Shardul gave you that, that's what we see is 
sustainable. 
===== PAGE 16 =====
 
 Page 15 of 21 
Tejas Shah:  Got it. Second, the acceleration on store expansion target restaurant expansion 
target that we have. Now you called out that it’s a very volatile environment as we 
are entering this year. Just wanted to know have we budgeted in this guidance that 
let’s say if this situation has to persist for first six months, this guidance will stay intact 
kind of factoring for this scenario to prolong? 
Saurabh Kalra:  Which scenario? 
Tejas Shah:  The current raw material scenario on the LPG and other crisis that you called out, 
which is hurting one part of the demand. I am saying in this guidance have we built a 
scenario that if this persists for let’s say for six months, we remain committed to this 
this store expansion target? 
Saurabh Kalra:  We will because I think these are things which are not new to India. I think something 
or the other always comes up in our country like as dynamic as India. And I believe 
this volatility is also a friend of businesses. If you are able to use it effectively, these 
are all opportunities. So, I don't look at changing that. There are levers in our hand. 
For example, if it goes up dramatically it will go up for the entire industry and 
everybody takes up a little bit of price increase because of that.  
So, so I think we've got we've got more and enough to manage at least on the cost 
side I'm not too worried. Our key goal like Akshay said remains how do we make sure 
that we deliver more comps sales and more growth with new store opening. And as 
long as that happens the rest will fall in place. 
Tejas Shah:  Got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kundan from Goldman 
Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kundan:  Yes, thank you very much for the opportunity. Your value platform initiatives have 
obviously given you encouraging results with guest count being in mid -single digit. 
Going forward, do you plan to accelerate these initiatives? Related question is this 
the 99 -value meal maybe other value initiatives that you have, have they been 
completely rolled out or you expect to sort of roll them out further into your network? 
Saurabh Kalra:  I think like I said, value is something which is intrinsic to the industry and especially 
McDonald's globally. We do the highest guest count and sales numbers across the 
globe because we are a strong value player in an omni -channel environment, right? 
So, there are plays which are not yet played out. You will see us having a lot of exciting 
===== PAGE 17 =====
 
 Page 16 of 21 
stuff coming in the next one to two years and value as the work has just started in 
our opinion. 
Saurabh Kundan:  Okay. Okay. This just trying to ask it in another way. There’s a gap between the SSSG 
that you’ve reported and guest count. So, can we expect this gap to further widen or 
contract or remain the same is what I meant to ask basically? 
Saurabh Kalra:  No, no. So, obviously we are working hard because in most cases value platform 
should not mean dilution of so much. But we were very clear we wanted to get 
volume first. We've been volume starved a little bit in the last two years and we had 
to reimagine our strategy. I think value we've got multiple levers in place to pick it up 
whenever. So, we will remain disciplined around whatever we have done and not 
giving up any further margin than this as far as the product mix is concerned.  
Saurabh Kundan:  All right. All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddarth from NAFA. Please go ahead. 
Siddarth:  Hello, sir. Thanks a lot for the permission from me to now raise a question to you. So, 
my question is around that in the recent quarters we've seen some slowdown in the 
QSR space as a whole. So, considering the recent Middle Eastern tensions and the LPG 
crisis going around, what's your forward-looking outlook in terms of the SSSG in terms 
of the existing operations? I would just like to have a view on that.  
Saurabh Kalra:  I think we've been repetitive on this front. We reap what we sow. I think we did not 
shy away even when we had negative growth that these are things of our making and 
some decision which we made did not play out the way we anticipated it to play out.  
We've gone back like Akshay said back to our basics to be able to go back to a model 
which works globally also and replicate that playbook in in India back to basics, back 
to EVM and we do not see with that strong platform us not having enough to increase 
the momentum on the same store sales growth front. 
Siddarth:  Okay, understood. So, is there any revenue guidance if you may possibly give me an 
idea on in terms of? 
Saurabh Kalra:  So, we don't give any forward -base margins guidance for sure. But like we would we 
as Akshay just spoke, we would like to go to INR3,000 crores as early as possible, 
right? So, we would like to grow our same -store sales growth as early as possible 
towards mid-single digits. 
===== PAGE 18 =====
 
 Page 17 of 21 
Siddarth:  Okay, understood. Thank you and wish you all the best. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Punmiya from Yes Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vishal Punmiya:  Yes, thank you. Question is on the McCafe performance… 
 Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Vishal.  
Vishal Punmiya:  Is this better now? 
Moderator: Sorry, but we have lost the line for Mr. Vishal. The next question is from the line of 
Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal:  Yes, sir. Hi. Thanks for the follow -up opportunity. I just wanted to sort of check on 
this partnership which we’ve entered with Jio -bp. Is that also leading to this 
improvement in store outlook that we’re sharing? 
Saurabh Kalra:  Actually, we've got partnerships with HPCL, BPCL, and now Jio -bp. So, that is those 
partnerships are meant to expand our footprint on the highways. We've done a good 
job as far as Mumbai -Pune highway is concerned and we see a lot of access control 
highway coming in and we want to make sure that we've strong partnership so that 
we can put the network in. But all this was already baked in when we had given the 
guidance of going to 45 to 50 and then now 60 plus. So, it will not be basis one partner 
or one place. It is holistic.  
We do want to have more restaurants in airports; we want to have more restaurants 
in infrastructure-led growth including malls and highways. So, that's one part of the 
portfolio. The second part of it is we want to continue penetrate markets the six key 
markets like Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Chennai. That’s not 
going out of flavour. So, if we do stores there, so it’s a balanced portfolio which we 
want to drive and Jio-bp is one such partnership in that direction. 
Devanshu Bansal:  Amazing. And sir just wanted to check on these new beverages  that have been 
launched globally under the McCafé platform. Any chances to bring those products 
to India as well? There is lot of noise around that.  
Saurabh Kalra:  Yes, I think global has done a fantastic job. They will also come as a part of global core. 
We will make that choice when we need to. For now, we think we've got work to be 
done as far as the coffee category is concerned in the cafe. It will play out at some 
===== PAGE 19 =====
 
 Page 18 of 21 
point in time. Like I said, we've got multiple things up our sleeves without giving you 
directly saying this is the global beverage platform we'll roll out in India also.  
I would rather give you a guidance that we're very closely focusing on the consumer, 
and we are taking cognizance of this beverage trends amongst Gen Z too. But the first 
play we see is strengthening McCafé and coffee credential as the most important play 
as we go and solidify our beverage credential. 
Devanshu Bansal:  Got it, sir. Got it. Thanks for taking my question. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Punmiya from Yes Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vishal Punmiya:  Yes, am I audible now? 
Saurabh Kalra:  Yes, Vishal, loud and clear. 
Vishal Punmiya:  Okay. So, my question was on McCafé, if you could help with McCafe’s performance 
in FY26 in terms of maybe revenue contribution or how revenue per store for McCafé 
has improved in FY26, that would be helpful.  
And secondly, in terms of strategy for McCafé going forward, while there are many 
smaller cafes opening up every nook and corner, we also have a big QSR now entering 
the cafe space. So, any change in thought process or strategy for McCafé going 
forward or in terms of aggression? 
Saurabh Kalra:  I think the more the merrier as far as coffee is concerned. Coffee is a category which 
I think is underplaying right now in India and it’s got a huge potential to grow. The 
more people who can work on creating daily habits, the better for us and better for 
coffee business. I think our job we've cut out if you look at it our proposition is 
differentiated. Probably we do the best coffee in the country at a price which is 
unbelievable and that we do because we want to create a daily coffee consuming 
habit in the country and democratize the coffee experience.  
We want it to continue grow -- we see it as a growth lever even for the next two to 
three years to come. So, we don't really worry about who’s coming, who’s not coming 
because coffee scene has been hot pretty much with coffee shops etc. from the last 
five years and we've still been able to do a substantial job.  
===== PAGE 20 =====
 
 Page 19 of 21 
I would argue that in most places we sell more coffees than any coffee shop in the 
trade area. So, I am quite confident of our McCafé proposition and I think our job is 
to democratize and make more people habituated to drink everyday coffee in 
McDonald's. 
Vishal Punmiya:  Yes, agreed on the quality part, the product is obviously one of the better coffees in 
the market, but in terms of maybe marketing initiatives do we need to scale up that 
part? And also if you could just update on the performance in FY26 in terms of 
revenue or mix within the overall business? 
Saurabh Kalra:  So, on overall business obviously we don't break it out, but all I can tell you is the 
biggest marketing work which we we've done is look at it only from a standpoint of 
how do we make McDonald's the destination to drink their everyday cup of coffee? 
And in that spirit, we roll out the subscription in which a McCafé beverage is available 
if you come 10 times in a month only for INR 55, which is you don't have to think twice 
from a monetary standpoint. I think if we are able to get the success we've gone to in 
that, we don't have to worry about anybody else. 
Vishal Punmiya:  Understood. Just lastly on pies as a platform, globally pie does really well in terms of 
contributing to the meal. Any plans to basically add that to our India portfolio in a 
bigger way? We obviously had tried in the past, but any plans for future?  
Saurabh Kalra:  Yes, so on the menu like I said there will be exciting stuff coming in. Typically, we've 
got Pizza Puff, which is our Savory pie, which we sell right now. Whether we want to 
do sweet pie or not I think in the priorities list we have, we need to strictly prioritize 
what will really give us results and that’s something which we are working towards 
and working with consumers to be able to say what will work. And you will see that 
happening in the marketplace and you will see exciting news even on menu from us.  
Vishal Punmiya:  Okay, understood. Just lastly appreciated the recent marketing initiatives regarding 
the sippers and the tote bags. I think it did really well. It was out of stock across all 
stores. I couldn't find it anywhere. But kudos to the team for that. 
Saurabh Kalra:  Thank you very much, Vishal. Thank you so much. You should talk to Chintan. He can 
send you the sipper and tote bag in advance when it comes. 
Vishal Punmiya:  Okay, sure, sure. I'll definitely do that. Yes, thank you. 
Saurabh Kalra:  Done. Thank you, Vishal. 
===== PAGE 21 =====
 
 Page 20 of 21 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Avendus Spark 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Tejas Shah:  Hi, thanks for the follow-up opportunity. Just one question and this is one at industry 
level and one at our level. So, at a very broader level, QSR industry actually started 
massification or focus on value segment post-COVID revival phase. So, do you believe 
that from competitive landscape we've hit the price point in terms of where it doesn't 
make sense to go further below so that mix at industry level should not deteriorate 
from here? That’s one. And it could be this could be conjecture answer also.  
Second is actually in our mix also, from price point perspective do you think that we 
have reached to a stage where further democratization won't happen at least on the 
pricing part? And on in terms of roll out also, do you believe or do you read that it has 
actually reached an optimum mix in terms of where you would like it to settle down 
at? 
Saurabh Kalra:  I would like to believe that India is growing, per capita income in India is growing. So, 
what we have currently is a great value proposition for the consumers. The first 
question will be for how long should we hold this to make sure that we keep unlocking 
the consumer base of India to , which we want to. To me, that’s the bigger question 
rather than us being able to say this is optimum, not optimum because see what value 
means keeps changing.  
Immediately after COVID when we created even the Vision 2027, a large amount of 
assumption was big burgers will play a big role while it’s not all which is not exactly 
played out. It did a great job; there’s a base which we’ve set up and that base has 
remained pretty much consistent.  
So, when I look at value, I think it’s either cycles, these are promix play. I think, I am 
very sure that after value we'll at some point in time we'll go to core, then we'll go to 
premium, then come back to value. These are all cycles which will play out as they 
have played out in the past. 
Tejas Shah:  Sure. And from your past readthrough, usually what are the like approx. number also? 
What are the tenure of such cycles? 
Saurabh Kalra:  Cycles? 
Tejas Shah:  Yes. 
===== PAGE 22 =====
 
 Page 21 of 21 
Saurabh Kalra:  See depends on activity that cycle I can't predict because when there is lot of 
information flowing through cycles last one year. Sometime cycle last seven years 
also. When we did branded affordability, that cycle was seven years. Then we became 
premiumization, that lasted for almost four, five years. Then it shortened just before 
COVID. It was almost two -to-three-year cycle. So, what will it now be depends on 
what people are feeling.  
And therefore we need to keep very close watch on what the consumer is thinking, what the consumer is going 
through. You know, there could be fatigue when everyday everybody screaming new 
things. There could be a fatigue and people might go to back to classics. For that we 
need to always be listening to the consumer and create strategy accordingly. So, I 
would not predict the tenure of thing. All I am saying is nothing goes out of fashion. 
It always comes back. 
Tejas Shah:  Totally agree. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. 
Akshay Jatia:  Thank you so much, everyone, and we look forward to seeing you next quarter.  
Saurabh Kalra: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Westlife Foodworld Limited, that concludes the conference 
call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
 
 
Disclaimer: Please note that this transcript has been edited to correct any inadvertent grammatical 
inaccuracies or language inconsistencies that may have occurred while speaking. The audio of this call is 
available here.  
 
 