

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
1 
 
Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Limited 
 March 17, 2025 
Ratings 
Instrument / 
Facility 
Amount 
(INR Crore) 
Current 
Ratings 
Previous 
Ratings 
Rating Action Complexity 
Indicator 
Long Term 
Bank Facilities 
117.78* 
(enhanced 
from Rs 
73.94 crore) 
IVR 
BBB+/Positive 
Outlook  
(IVR Triple B 
Plus with 
Positive 
Outlook) 
IVR BBB+/Stable 
Outlook  
(IVR Triple B 
Plus with Stable 
Outlook) 
Rating 
Reaffirmed and 
Outlook 
revised from 
Stable to 
Positive 
Simple 
Short Term 
Bank Facilities 
178.00 
(enhanced 
from Rs 
158.00 crore) 
IVR A2 
(IVR A Two) 
IVR A2 
(IVR A Two) 
Rating 
Reaffirmed  
Simple 
Total Rs. 295.78 
crore 
(Rupees 
Two 
hundred and 
ninety-five 
crore and 
seventy-
eight lakh 
only) 
    
* The EPC amounting Rs 1.35 crore is fully repaid, and limit is withdrawn at the request of the company 
and NDC received from the UCO Bank. 
Details of Facilities/Instruments areas in Annexure 1. Facility wise lender details are at 
Annexure 2. Detailed explanation of covenants is at Annexure 3.  
 
Detailed Rationale 
Infomerics Ratings has reaffirmed its ratings on the bank facilities of Ratnaveer Precision 
Engineering Limited (RPEL)  and revised the outlook from Stable to Positive. The rating 
continues to derive strength from successful completion of IPO in FY24 which has resulted in 
improvement in net worth and debt profile , translating into improved capital structure . The 
rating also considers the large increase in topline achieved in FY24 due to higher volumes 
and realisations, and further improvement expected in FY25 due to same reasons. The ratings 

===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
2 
 
factor in long track record of operations  and extensive experience of promoters in stainless 
steel industry, diversified customer profile, implementation of on-going capex is expected to 
augment revenues and improve margins further and synergistic business models focused on 
backward integration  The rating is however constrained on account of working capital-
intensive nature of operations,  highly competitive and fragmentated  nature of industry and 
profit margins exposed to fluctuations in steel price movements and foreign exchange risk. 
The ratings of EPC are withdrawn at the request of the company and No Dues Certificate is 
received from the lending bank. The ratings withdrawal is consistent with Infomerics policy of 
Withdrawal. 
The Positive outlook reflects Infomerics’ view that RPEL will generate further growth in 
revenue and profitability margins from FY26 onwards. This will be on account of benefits 
driven from the completion of Phase I capex, with the expansion of capacity from 30,000 
MTPA to 53,194 MTPA, and also cost saving from rooft op solar captive power plant, which 
will result in cost saving in the induction furnace used in the steel melting shop. 
 
 
Key Rating Sensitivities:  
Upward Factors 
• Significant growth in revenue with higher contribution from value added products 
as well as power cost savings from solar power plant resulting in  improvement 
in EBITDA margins.  
•  Sustenance of the capital structure at conservative level.  
 
Downward Factors 
• Significant decline in revenue and/or decline in EBITDA margins and/or any large 
unplanned debt funded capex leading deterioration in credit profile.  
 
List of Key Rating Drivers with Detailed Description 
Key Rating Strengths 
Successful completion of IPO results into improvement in net worth and debt profile.  
RPEL successfully completed its initial public offerings in September 2023 and raised 
Rs.165.03 crore which includes OFS of Rs 30 crore (Net proceeds after IPO expenses are at 

===== PAGE 3 =====
 
 
3 
 
Rs.115 crore). This resulted in an improvement in net worth which has increased from Rs 
100.5 crore at end FY 23 to Rs 243.91 crore at end FY 24. The capital structure marked by 
adjusted overall gearing has improved and stood at 0.28x as at end FY24 {vis -à-vis 0.87x as 
at end FY23}. Other metrics such as  total outside liabilities to adjusted tangible net worth ratio 
has also improved and stood at 0.98x as at end  FY24 {vis-à-vis 2.72x as at end  FY23}. 
Increase in overall revenue and improvement in profitability 
Overall revenue has improved on y -o-y basis by 24% in FY24 and the company is now 
expected to demonstrate over 40% growth in FY25, going by 9mFY25 performance. The 
company has already exhibited an improvement in its EBITDA margins in 9mFY25 at 10.46% 
as compared to 9.51% in FY23. Infomerics notes that decline in EBITDA margins in FY24 to 
8.4%, attributed to higher cost of goods sold in Q4FY2 4, due to reduction in value of raw 
material inventory at quarter end due to steadily declining raw material (steel scrap) prices. 
Infomerics expects that with the expected expansion in the product portfolio to include 
fasteners, the EBITDA margins are likely to improve to over 10.5% levels in FY26.  
Long track record of operation and extensive experience of promoters in steel industry. 
RPEL, incorporated in 2002 and commenced its operations since 2002 under the leadership 
of Sanghvi family and thus the company has a long track record of operations of two decades 
in the stainless -steel industry resulting in established relationship with c ustomers with 
successful widespread in domestic as well as global market. Apart from directors, the RPEL 
has a well experienced and qualified management team to execute and monitor the work 
undertaken for satisfactory completion. 
 
Diversified customer profile. 
RPEL sells its products both in the domestic as well as international markets. In the domestic 
market, it sells its products to the manufacturers as well as traders / stockiest and end 
customers while in the international market it supplies  products through traders / stockists.  
Further it has been exporting since incorporation and as on date, some of the export 
destinations include namely Germany, UK, Spain, Netherland, etc. Thus, diversified customer 
base p rofile signifies non -dependence on any single customer and thereby hedges its 
business operations from potential customer specific risk, sector specific risks, change in 
global markets and international relations etc. 

===== PAGE 4 =====
 
 
4 
 
 
 
Benefits of on-going capex plans 
RPEL has incurred capex of Rs 45.94 crores (phase I) to enhance its product portfolio 
capacities and installation of 2MW solar power plant for captive use. The capex is funded 
through a mix of debt (71%) and equity (29%), RPEL has already completed 98% of the capex 
as on 20th February 2025. Also, the company is planning for phase II of Rs 67.68 crore, which 
will further enhance the capacity with new product line comprising of fasteners.  R PEL will 
benefit due to lower power and fuel cost and enhanced produc t portfolio which will result in 
optimum operating efficiency. Higher realisations on fasteners and circlips will help boost 
operating margins. 
Synergistic business models focused on backward integration. 
RPEL has developed a synergistic system of backward integration whereby it processes the 
scrap generated in manufacturing of their products for converting back into the raw material 
which is utilized again in manufacturing. Thus, the raw material required is also partly for  being 
generated in-house, while the waste being produced in the manufacturing process is being 
completely utilized, ensuring minimal wastage. This backward integration into steel melting 
shop (comprising induction furnace) helps in achi eving efficiency in the production process 
and gaining competitive advantage, reducing in product costs, control over supply of raw 
materials and reduce our dependency on third parties for our operations. 
 
Key Rating Weaknesses 
Working capital intensive nature of operations. 
RPEL’s operations remain working capital -intensive, as its business requires a significant 
amount of working capital primarily as a considerable amount of time passes between 
purchase of raw materials and collections of receivables post sales to customers. As a result, 
RPEL is required to maintain sufficient stock at all times in order to meet manufacturing 
requirements. The operating cycle of RPEL has elongated and stood at 157 days in FY24 {as 
against 167 days in FY23}. Efficient working capital management will  remain a key rating 
sensitivity from the rating perspective. 
 

===== PAGE 5 =====
 
 
5 
 
 
 
Highly competitive and fragmentated nature of  industry. 
RPEL operates in an industry which is highly competitive and fragmented and competes with 
a range of organized and unorganized players, both at the national and regional level. Further, 
while RPEL has an expanding portfolio of products, its competitors may  have the advantage 
of focusing on concentrated products  Further, the company competes against established 
players also in the fasteners segment, who may have greater access to financial, technical, 
and marketing resources and expertise available to them t han RPEL in its products.   
Infomerics notes the competitive intensity in the stainless-steel washer and fasteners segment 
would be lower than in the mild steel/ carbon steel products segments. 
Profit margins exposed to fluctuations in steel price movements and foreign exchange 
risk. 
RPEL is vulnerable to the volatility in the raw material  and finished goods prices. The prices 
of key raw materials, such as stainless scrap, SS Sheets and SS coils have shown a volatile 
trend over the years and are determined by market forces. Further, RPEL’s  profitability 
remains exposed to adverse fluctuations in foreign currency, which is partially mitigated by 
certain degree of cross hedging. 
 
Analytical Approach: Standalone 
 
Applicable Criteria: 
Criteria on assigning rating outlook 
Rating Methodology for Manufacturing Companies 
Financial Ratios & Interpretation (Non-Financial Sector) 
Policy on Default Recognition and Post-Default Curing Period 
Complexity Level of Rated Instruments/Facilities 
Policy on Withdrawal of Ratings  
 
Liquidity – Adequate 

===== PAGE 6 =====
 
 
6 
 
RPEL has adequate liquidity supported by estimated gross cash accruals of over Rs. 6 0-90 
crore per annum against expected repayment obligations of Rs. 3.36 crore in FY 25, Rs 8.42 
crore in FY 26 and Rs 12.60 crore in FY 27 as on December 2024 The bank limit remains 
utilized at around 38 % for past 12 months ended January 2025. The timely completion of 
capex along with utilization of limits and controlled working capital cycle with increasing scale 
of operations will remain monitorable factor. Further RPEL has free cash and balance 
Rs.25.66 crore as on December 2024. The current ratio remained at 1.75 as at end 2024. The 
high cash balances can be attributed to unutilised proceeds of the IPO being parked in the 
current account. 
 
About the Company 
RPEL, manufactures stainless steel products in Vadodara (Gujarat). RPEL is promoted by Mr. 
Ramanand Sanghvi and currently managed by Mr. Vijay Sanghvi and family. The Company 
manufactures stainless steel washers, solar mounting hooks, finishing sheets and SS tubes & 
pipes products, which find application in elevators, doors, and home appliances. The company 
produce more than 2500 washers in different sizes and international standards. The company 
incorporates an in -house backward integrated manufacturing facility, which make s them 
independent to manufacture any product size at any time. The manufacturing facilities located 
at Vadodara and Ahmedabad, Gujarat with an  installed capacity of  30,000 metric tons per 
annum, which was utilized around 77% during last three years ended as on March 31, 2024.  
The company has completed 98% capex Phase 1 as on 20th February 2025 with the remaining 
minor works to be fully concluded by March 15,2025. Further, commercial production of 
fasteners and circlip product s commenced on February 15, 2025, with enhanced capacity 
while adding to the new product line. The total capacity will increase to 53,194 metric TPA 
from around 30,000 TPA as a result of the capex in phase 1. 
 
Financials (Standalone)*: 
(Rs. Crore) 
For the year ended / As on 31-Mar-2023 
(Audited) 
31-Mar-2024 
(Audited) 
Total Operating Income 479.75 595.38 
EBITDA 45.63 49.98 
PAT 25.04 31.05 
Total Debt 87.14 68.01 
Tangible Net worth 100.50 243.91 

===== PAGE 7 =====
 
 
7 
 
For the year ended / As on 31-Mar-2023 
(Audited) 
31-Mar-2024 
(Audited) 
EBITDA Margin (%) 9.51 8.40 
PAT Margin (%) 5.21 5.15 
Overall Gearing Ratio (times) 0.87 0.28 
Interest Coverage(x) 3.71 4.14 
*Classification as per Infomerics standards 
 
Status of non-cooperation with previous CRA: Not Applicable 
 
Any other information: None 
 
Rating History for last three years: 
 
Sr. 
No
. 
Name of 
Instrumen
t/ 
Facilities 
Current Ratings 
(Year 2024-25) 
Rating History for the past 3 years 
Type Amount 
outstanding 
(Rs. Crore) 
Ratings Date(s) & 
Rating(s) 
assigned in 
2023-24 
Date(s) & 
Rating(s) 
assigned in 
2023-24 
Date(s) & 
Rating(s) 
assigned 
in 
2022-2023  
 PR Date    18-Jan-24 15-Jun-2023  
1. 
Long Term 
Bank 
Facilities 
Long Term 117.78 IVR 
BBB+/Positive 
Outlook 
IVR 
BBB+/Stable 
Outlook 
IVR BBB / 
Positive 
Outlook 
-- 
2. 
Short 
Term Bank 
Facilities 
Short Term 178.00 
 IVR A2 IVR A2 IVR A3 -- 
 
 
Name and Contact Details of the Rating Analyst: 
Name: Sudarshan Shreenivas 
Tel: (022) 62396023 
Email: Sudarshan.shreenivas@infomerics.com 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 8 =====
 
 
8 
 
About Infomerics: 
Infomerics Valuation And Rating Ltd (Infomerics) [Formerly Infomerics Valuation and Rating 
Pvt. Ltd ] was founded in the year 1986 by a team of highly experienced finance professionals 
for research and risk evaluation. Infomerics commenced its activities as External Credit 
Assessment Institution after obtaining registration from Securities Exchange Board o f India 
(SEBI) and accreditation from Reserve Bank of India (RBI).  
Adhering to best international practices and maintaining high degree of ethics, the team of 
analysts at Infomerics deliver quality credit ratings. Infomerics evaluates wide range of debt 
instruments which helps corporates access to financial markets and provides investors credit 
ratings backed by in-depth research. The transparent, robust, and credible ratings have gained 
the confidence of investors and the banks.  
Infomerics has a pan India presence with Head Office in Delhi and Corporate Office at 
Mumbai, with branches in major cities and representatives in several locations. 
Infomerics also has international presence with credit rating operations in Nepal through its 
JV subsidiary. For more information and definition of ratings please visit www.infomerics.com. 
Disclaimer: Infomerics ratings are based on information provided by the issuer on an ‘as is where is’ basis. 
Infomerics credit ratings are an opinion on the credit risk of the issue / issuer and not a recommendation to buy, 
hold or sell securities.  Infomerics reserves the right to change or withdraw the credit ratings at any point in time. 
Infomerics ratings are opinions on financial statements based on information provided by the management and 
information obtained from sources believed by it to be accurate and relia ble. The credit quality ratings are not 
recommendations to sanction, renew, disburse or recall the concerned bank facilities or to buy, sell or hold any 
security. We, however, do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any information, whic h we 
accepted and presumed to be free from misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. We are not responsible for 
any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information. Most entities whose bank 
facilities/instruments are rat ed by us have paid a credit rating fee, based on the amount and type of bank 
facilities/instruments. In case of partnership/proprietary concerns/Association of Persons (AOPs), the rating 
assigned by Infomerics is based on the capital deployed by the partners/proprietor/ AOPs and the financial strength 
of the firm at present. The rating may undergo change in case of withdrawal of capital or the unsecured loans 
brought in by the partners/proprietor/ AOPs in addition to the financial performance and other relevant factors. 
 
Annexure 1: Details of Facilities 
Name of Facility Date of 
Issuance 
Coupon 
Rate/ IRR 
Maturity 
Date 
Size of 
Facility 
(Rs. Crore) 
Rating Assigned/ 
Outlook 
Long Term – 
Fund Based – 
GECL Loan 
– – March 2027 4.24 IVR BBB +/Positive 
Long Term – 
Fund Based – 
ECLGS – I 
– – June 2027 2.23 
IVR BBB +/Positive 

===== PAGE 9 =====
 
 
9 
 
Name of Facility Date of 
Issuance 
Coupon 
Rate/ IRR 
Maturity 
Date 
Size of 
Facility 
(Rs. Crore) 
Rating Assigned/ 
Outlook 
Long Term – 
Fund Based – 
ECLGS – II 
– – Oct-2026 1.31 
IVR BBB +/Positive 
Long Term – 
Fund Based – 
Term Loan 
- - March 2032 33.00 
IVR BBB +/Positive 
Long Term – 
Fund Based – 
Cash Credit 
– – – 77.00 
IVR BBB +/Positive 
Short Term – 
Non-Fund Based 
– Letter of Credit 
– – – 177.89 IVR A2 
Short Term – 
Non-Fund Based 
– Bank 
Guarantee 
– – – 0.11 IVR A2 
 
Annexure 2: Facility wise lender details: 
https://www.infomerics.com/admin/prfiles/len-ratnaveerp-mar25.pdf  
 
Annexure 3: Detailed explanation of covenants of the rated instrument/facilities: Not 
Applicable. 
Annexure 4: List of companies considered for consolidated analysis: Not Applicable. 
 
Note on complexity levels of the rated instrument:  Infomerics has classified instruments 
rated by it on the basis of complexity and a note thereon is available at www.infomerics.com.  
 