
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
AIL/SE/ECT/Q2/2024-25                                                                         November 18, 2024

To

 BSE Limited                                           National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                            Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-l, G Block,
 Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001                          Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai
                                                       - 400 051

 Scrip Code: 542752                                    Symbol: AFFLE

Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the second quarter and half year ended
September 30, 2024 conducted on November 11, 2024 at 10:00AM IST

Dear Sir/ Madam,

Please find enclosed the detailed transcript of the Earnings Conference Call conducted on Monday,
November 11, 2024 at 10:00AM IST to discuss the results and developments for the second quarter and
half year ended September 30, 2024.

The same is also available on the Company’s website at https://affle.com/investor-relations.

Please note that the audio recording of the Earnings Conference Call was submitted vide our letter
AIL/EC/2024-25/Q2 dated November 11, 2024.

Submitted for your information and records.


Thanking you,

Yours Faithfully,
For Affle (India) Limited
             Digitally signed by
Parmita   Parmita Choudhury
Choudhury Date: 2024.11.18
          18:03:27 +05'30'


Parmita Choudhury
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer




                                                 Affle (India) Limited
             Regd. Office | A47 Lower Ground Floor, Hauz Khas, Off Amar Bhawan, New Delhi-110016
       Communication Office | 8th floor, Unitech Commercial Tower - 2, Sector - 45, Gurugram - 122003, Haryana
                       (P) 0124-4598749 (W) www.affle.com; CIN: L65990DL1994PLC408172

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
                   Affle (India) Limited

       Q2 & H1 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call

            November 11, 2024 at 10:00AM IST




Management:       1) Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum – Managing Director & Chief
                  Executive Officer of Affle (India) Limited


                  2) Mr. Kapil Bhutani – Chief Financial & Operations Officer
                  of Affle (India) Limited




Analyst:          Mr. Ashwin Mehta – Ambit Capital




           This transcript has been edited to improve the readability

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


Moderator:              Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Affle (India) Limited Q2 and
                        H1 FY2025 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Ambit Capital. As a reminder, all
                        participants' lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity
                        for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
                        assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ’*’, then
                        ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.

                        I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital. Thank
                        you, and over to you, sir.

Ashwin Mehta:           Thank you, Neha. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Ambit Capital, we welcome
                        you all to the Q2 and H1 FY2025 conference call of Affle (India) Limited. I take this
                        opportunity to welcome the management of Affle (India) Limited, represented by
                        Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum, who is the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
                        of the company; and Mr. Kapil Bhutani, who is the Chief Financial and Operational
                        Officer of the company.

                        Before we begin with the discussion, I would like to remind you that some of the
                        statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking and may involve
                        some risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to Slide 25 of company's earnings
                        presentation for a detailed disclaimer.

                        I will hand it over to Anuj Khanna Sohum: for his opening remarks. Thanks, and over
                        to you, Anuj.

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      Thanks Ashwin. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call today. I
                        trust all of you are keeping in good health.

                        In H1 FY2025, we delivered a landmark performance on all fronts. We outperformed
                        H1 as well as H2 of FY2024 and we are confidently on track to deliver 20%+ revenue
                        growth in FY2025 and even higher growth in terms of EBITDA and PAT this year.

                        In Q2 FY2025, we attained our highest quarterly revenue run rate, highest EBITDA,
                        highest PAT and highest CPCU conversions. We continued to enhance our consumer-
                        centric platform offerings to leverage synergies towards overall operating margin
                        expansion. We delivered stronger than ever quarterly EBITDA of Rs. 1,133 million,
                        a growth of 29.9% y-o-y with robust margin expansion.

                        We delivered a revenue growth of 25.9% y-o-y and a PAT growth of 37.7% y-o-y in
                        Q2 FY25. Our CPCU business delivered about 95 million conversions during the




                                                     2

===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


                        quarter, at a CPCU rate of Rs. 57.1 that helped us achieve a CPCU revenue of Rs.
                        5,416 million, an increase of 35.2% y-o-y and 4.6% q-o-q.

                        In terms of H1 FY2025, we achieved revenue growth of 26.8% y-o-y and PAT growth
                        of 34.3% y-o-y. Overall for H1 our CPCU revenue increased by 36.1% y-o-y.

                        Our CPCU business continues to demonstrate strong growth underscoring the
                        strength of our unified Affle2.0 Consumer Platform Stack fully powered by our
                        ConvergeAI Supply Cloud. Together, it enables robust cross-platform efficiencies
                        and elevates our ROI-driven CPCU use cases with strong competitive advantages.

                        With global digital spending continuously on the rise, we see significant
                        opportunities across all our top verticals and key markets, driven by advertisers’
                        increasing commitment to digital channels. India and Global Emerging Markets,
                        together contributed 73.4% to our revenue in Q2 FY2025, and grew by 25.3% y-o-y.

                        Developed markets are also experiencing sustained growth momentum. In Q2
                        FY2025, we saw a robust growth of 27.5% y-o-y in Developed Markets, which
                        contributed 26.6% to our quarterly revenues, affirming the impact of our strategic
                        realignment and platform consolidation efforts achieved over the last few quarters.

                        Our continued investments in technology and new product use cases are yielding
                        positive results. As we expand our suite of Gen AI-powered capabilities, we are also
                        strengthening our competitive moat through our comprehensive patent portfolio.
                        During the quarter, we were granted two additional patents in the US related to 1)
                        Enabling user interactions with live streams such as a podcast via machine learning;
                        and 2) Optimizing user identification through IDs, thus enabling high-quality
                        consumer engagements.

                        In line with our commitment to best-in-class ESG practices, Affle’s subsidiaries have
                        achieved ISO 27001:2022 certification underpinning our proactive implementation
                        of robust data security controls and excellence in our Information Security
                        Management System. We have also appointed one new Independent Director to the
                        Company’s Board in India. With 3 of our 5 Independent Directors completing their
                        tenure next year, we have ensured a phased transition plan to further strengthen
                        our governance.

                        We continue to innovate and expand our tech offerings & use cases, consistently
                        unlocking new client success stories. This time, we have included five case studies
                        in our presentation. 3 of our case studies cover India, Brazil and Indonesia regions,
                        highlighting our unique capabilities in scaling Fintech services across emerging


                                                     3

===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


                        markets. The other case studies highlight our success in driving increased e-
                        commerce usage in the US through iOS SKAN-based optimizations and our global
                        success in geo-targeting high-value gamers to drive conversions for gaming
                        advertisers.

                        Our Affle2.0 Consumer Platform Stack continues to be recognized as the top
                        performer and we recently won the Gold award across ‘Mobile Marketing Platform’
                        and ‘E-commerce & Q-commerce’ categories at the ET Brand Equity’s Martech+
                        Awards 2024.

                        With that, I now hand over the discussion to our CFO - Kapil Bhutani, to discuss the
                        financials. Thanks and over to you Kapil.

Kapil Bhutani:          Thank you, Anuj. Season greetings to all. I hope all of you are keeping safe and
                        well.

                        Continuing our strong business momentum, in Q2 FY2025, we delivered consolidated
                        revenue of Rs. 5,429 million, a robust growth of 25.9% y-o-y and 4.5% q-o-q. It was
                        a broad-based growth across industry verticals and across our markets. On a
                        standalone basis, India grew by 31.6% y-o-y while on an adjusted basis, India growth
                        was about 19% y-o-y.

                        EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,133 million, an increase of 29.9% y-o-y. Our
                        EBITDA margin was 20.9%, with an expansion of 65 basis points y-o-y and 76 basis
                        points on a sequential basis. In H1 FY2025, our EBITDA increased by 31.8% y-o-y to
                        Rs. 2,178 million with an EBITDA Margin of 20.5%.

                        In terms of Opex, our Inventory and Data Cost stood at 61.1% of the revenue from
                        operations in this quarter, with a sequential reduction of 53 basis points while a
                        marginal increase y-o-y, as we continue to calibrate our platform offerings on to
                        premium inventories, touchpoints and deeper ecosystem-level partnerships in line
                        with our discussion during previous earnings calls.

                        Our Employee cost declined by 3.3% q-o-q as our past investments in human
                        resources coupled with integrated team strategies have continued to provide us
                        efficiencies over the last three quarters, thus normalizing our human resource cost.

                        Our Other Expenses stood at 7.6% of revenue verses 7.0% in Q1 last year, increasing
                        primarily on account of our ongoing investments in business promotion activities &
                        trade events participation, particularly required as we expand our product
                        propositions as well as expand our footprint in newer geographies.



                                                     4

===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


                        We achieved a Profit Before Tax of Rs. 1,135 million in this quarter, an increase of
                        55.1% y-o-y and 6.5% sequentially.

                        Our Profit After Tax (PAT) for the quarter was at Rs. 920 million, marking an
                        increase of 37.7% y-o-y and 6.2% sequentially .

                        Our Effective Tax Rate stood at 18.9% during this quarter which was in line
                        sequentially. As guided in Q1 FY2025, we see this effective tax rate to be the
                        normalized tax rate for us.

                        Our Operating cashflows for H1 was Rs. 1,459 million, with an OCF-to-PAT ratio of
                        81.7%.

                        We continue to prioritize efficient working capital management and as such there
                        were no material changes in the collection risk.

                        Our strategic investments in platforms, people and a healthy balance sheet have
                        reinforced our competitive position, supported by strong cashflow generation and
                        robust financial performance. As global digitalization accelerates, we are well-
                        positioned to be sustaining our momentum through FY2025 and beyond.

                        With this, I end our presentation. Let us please open the floor for Questions.

Moderator:              Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first
                        question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead.

Ashwin Mehta:           Congrats for a good set of numbers. My first question is that we have seen
                        equalization of growth in India, Emerging Markets along with the Developed
                        Markets, which is positive. So qualitatively, if you could give us a sense of trends
                        for India versus Emerging Markets? Also, how are you seeing the holiday season
                        panning out in H2 across geographies? Do you expect a similar seasonality in Q4 as
                        we have historically seen or the pace of customer addition is strong enough for the
                        seasonality to not necessarily be there?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      Thank you Ashwin. We have delivered all round performance in Q2 FY2025, be it in
                        India & Emerging Markets overall, as well as in Developed Markets. We remain
                        confident over the long term in terms of sustainable growth momentum across all
                        of our key regions. Especially for this financial year, I have in my commentary
                        clearly mentioned that we expect strong profitable growth for the company, that
                        is stronger than the revenue growth with margin expansion. Even on revenue side,
                        over 20% growth for this whole financial year is where we are headed confidently
                        and convincingly.


                                                      5

===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


                        With respect to the ongoing festive quarter, the month of October has already gone
                        by where we saw a strong momentum. October, November, December is typically
                        the best quarter of the financial year for us. Last year, we were able to beat our
                        Q3 performance in Q4 and this year again, we are keeping similar outlook that we
                        will have a strong Q3 as well as a robust Q4.

                        Hence, we are comfortable across all our key regions key verticals. It is a privileged
                        position to be in, that we are a well hedged company with broad-based presence
                        across global markets as well as within those markets, we have good number of
                        verticals that we are addressing.

Ashwin Mehta:           That is good to hear. My second question is broader in terms of the key GenAI trends
                        that you see in advertising and how are we preparing for the same, because domains
                        like personalization, content creation, data and insights, all have material
                        implications from GenAI. It would be good to know of the steps that we are taking
                        to be prepared for this?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      Today, a lot of our product use cases have already incorporated GenAI capabilities,
                        whether it is new gen use cases or creating vernacular content including vernacular
                        ads, keyword recommendations, as well as helping the advertisers who may not
                        have such vernacular capabilities to curate these assets, on the fly using GenAI. Our
                        GenAI capabilities are already powering many of these use cases for the advertisers.

                        We are also seeing a lot of GenAI implementation and optimization of our operating
                        cost. As our revenue grows, we will see some efficiencies of GenAI on our operating
                        expenses as we don't have to increase our operating cost in line to the revenue
                        growth. We will continue to have more productivity from our base of employees
                        and that would lead to margin expansion as we go along. That is another area of
                        positive impact which we are seeing.

                        When we extrapolate this further into a longer-term vision of how in a GenAI world
                        with all kinds of agents and bots, each one of us might have a personalized GenAI
                        agent representing us as an authentic alter ego, helping us to do certain activities
                        in the digital world on our behalf on an authentic delegation. We think that
                        eventually households will have their own agent, right from dealing with what the
                        refrigerator might order for you or deal with other gadgets in the same household.
                        Every corporation / individual will have a digital agent and a lot of these online
                        interactions would happen between human to agents, agents to agents and so on.

                        Now as far as one can intellectually map these possibilities, Affle within its context
                        of digital advertising has deeply mapped these possibilities into the future. We have


                                                     6

===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


                        built the roadmap of what we stand for and what we believe is the best way to
                        curate this future. We have then distilled that into 15 unique intellectual property
                        patent applications related to GenAI which we have already filed.

                        We are clearly showing demonstrable steps to our shareholders that we are
                        preparing forward, not only using GenAI today in our products, in use cases, bringing
                        it to the advertisers, but also using it deeply in our operations and enhancing
                        productivity of our teams. We are also providing a much longer term, like a 5-year
                        forward road map to what all could happen here. Are we prepared, are we thinking
                        ahead? The answer lies in our patent portfolio. Some of the clues you can find from
                        there as tod what Affle is thinking and planning for. At the moment, as far as we
                        could have prepared ourselves, we have done so and are future-ready.

Moderator:              The next question is from the line Deep Shah from B&K Securities.

Deep Shah:              Congrats on good set of numbers. The first question is around this antitrust
                        legislation, which is going on in the United States. While it might be sub-judice, I
                        don't expect a comment on the particular legislation per se, but if you could help
                        us understand how does it impact our industry and in which condition we are better
                        off, because the initial hypothesis suggest that should that condition or should that
                        legislation go through, it would be positive for us because the strength of the leader
                        comes down. But that is the initial hypothesis. Is that true? Your comments on that
                        would be useful.

                        Second, when we say 20% growth, you mean for the medium term, right? Because
                        given how well you performed in first half of this year, full year growth could be
                        much higher. I understand that Jampp recovery happened in the third quarter last
                        year, but then we also had the India GST impact on RMG, which shooed away those
                        revenues. So, just a clarification on near term that when you say 20%, it is for the
                        medium term? FY25 growth could actually be higher given how well the first half
                        has been?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      Regarding the antitrust case, it is important to understand that we are navigating
                        in an ecosystem where when we approach an advertiser, i.e. our customer, they
                        are not asking us, "Hey, how do you compete with Google?" They have a separate
                        budget for what they are spending on Google's platform. Typically, they have a
                        separate budget for non-walled pie where we fit in.

                        The two teams at advertisers’ end are different. The team that is looking at non-
                        Google, non-Facebook, non-walled garden platforms, and those budgets, are
                        different teams. So we, in many years, have not been asked this question, why


                                                     7

===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


                        should we spend with you or why should we not spend with Google. Whereas, when
                        analyst or investors like you would look at it, you would see it as one whole sort of
                        a common space.

                        Having said that, the spaces are sort of interrelated. If an advertiser is spending
                        less on the walled gardens, then consequently, chances are they would spend more
                        on non-walled garden platforms.

                        Therefore, the thesis is clear that we are net-net seeing a more bullish outlook
                        towards the non-walled gardens. It is not only the antitrust issue, which is
                        challenging these larger players, but also the data privacy laws across jurisdictions.
                        The data privacy laws are not as worried about Affle as they are perhaps worried
                        about what Meta, Twitter, Google and platforms like these are going to do in their
                        respective countries.

                        A lot of these antitrust or data privacy related regulations are strengthening the
                        non-walled gardens. Platforms like Affle would actually benefit much more. It is
                        also evident in the performance of some of the other public listed companies in US
                        and their trading multiples are an indicator of that. Because people are seeing that
                        in the adtech space, all these macro trends are providing long-term tailwinds to
                        platforms like Affle. Therefore, we are quite bullish and excited about the global
                        possibilities, including developed market opportunity that lies ahead of us.

                        Regarding your second question, as a DNA of our company, we are an aggressive
                        growth-oriented company with strong focus to defend our bottom-line financial
                        fundamentals. Having said that, we are a little conservative when giving forward
                        growth outlook. So, 20%+ growth guidance on revenue for this financial year is an
                        important message, and the plus (+) here is also very important. Not jus that, we
                        are convincingly looking at providing greater growth percentage on EBITDA and PAT
                        in this financial year.

                        In terms of long-term outlook, if you do a 5-year modelling for our company and
                        look at it on an annual compounding of top line at around 20% and bottom line at
                        around 25%. This kind of an annual growth compounding is a sensible modelling to
                        do for our company. Given what's happening in GenAI, with respect to antitrust,
                        data privacy laws, all of that taken into account, I believe this is achievable, it is
                        realistic and that is what is exciting about leading this business.

Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Swapnil Potdukhe from JM Financial Limited.
                        Please go ahead.




                                                      8

===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


Swapnil Potdukhe:       I had a question related to your cost. On a q-o-q basis, if you see last 2 quarters,
                        we have seen some decline in your employee benefit expenses. I understand that
                        you had taken some cost reduction effort decisions over there, so that is okay. What
                        I am not able to understand is in the balance sheet, your other intangible assets
                        seem to have increased meaningfully over the last couple of quarters? If you could
                        just address that, that would be my first question.

Kapil Bhutani:          I will take this question. When we added YouAppi in last year Q1, we had started
                        integrating that tech stack and developing newer models on YouAppi for a greater
                        integration platform. The investment in the YouAppi platform started in quarter 2
                        last year, hence you would have seen the spike there.

                        With regards to our preferential issue, which we raised last year, we had clearly
                        mentioned that we will be putting additional effort on the GenAI side. We had
                        marked about 50% of our capital raise in the preferential capital towards developing
                        the GenAI technology over a period of time.

                        At the moment, we are not pushing larger budget on the AI side, but development
                        of AI technology is taking shape, and we are gradually increasing our investment.
                        You can say that there is an increase of over 10% on a y-o-y basis on the intangible
                        assets.

Swapnil Potdukhe:       Okay. Would you like to provide any forward guidance on the capital allocation

Kapil Bhutani:          For the next 2-3 quarters, this is the go-to trend. What you have seen in H1 is going
                        to be a trend for next 2-3 quarters.

Swapnil Potdukhe:       Okay. Got it. The second question is on your gross margins. How do you see your
                        gross margins moving in the medium term? The Inventory & data cost has been
                        around 61% for a decent period of time. If you can just guide us, will we see some
                        improvement over there? Or we should build the current levels of gross margins?

Kapil Bhutani:          You can build us on the same model as the current quarter as we have mentioned
                        in the last few calls that we are integrating and going deeper with our premium
                        placements across OEM inventories. Our efficiencies are coming in into the bottom
                        line from other line items. We are happy with the current proportion of the medium
                        margin and other margins we earn, as we are delivering the efficiencies on EBITDA
                        and PAT.




                                                     9

===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


                        Also, we believe that in the next 2-3 quarters onwards, you might see some
                        efficiency in inventory & data cost also. At the moment, you can model us for
                        medium term on the same basis.

Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Vijit Jain from Citigroup. Please go ahead.

Vijit Jain:             My first question is - In India, if I look at the e-commerce, fintech and possibly even
                        the entertainment space now with Zomato probably launching District, we are
                        starting to likely see a bigger uptick in push to acquire new customers or retarget
                        dormant customers, etc., right? So, do you especially benefit from that also in Q3
                        ahead with q-commerce and foodtech space in general? My question is likely near
                        term as well as more longer term because I can see e-commerce, fintech,
                        entertainment, all these categories kind of heating up.

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      You may ask your second as well. I will answer both of them together.

Vijit Jain:             Yes, sure. My second question is - In U.S., if I see some of the other digital
                        advertising platforms like Applovin, they have seen some pretty solid growth in the
                        current quarter, and the outlook that they have given is also positive. So, outside
                        of the walled gardens in US and digital ad market, could you give a sense of where
                        you are growing relative to the rest of the industry or what you would consider your
                        comps in general? That is my second question.

                        I also had a last question, which I will just throw in here. In terms of strategic
                        partnerships that you do, are there any OTT apps as such that you think you could
                        do a strategic partnerships with and that would be beneficial from expanding your
                        ability to serve ads in general? Those were my three questions.

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      Thank   you   for   your   questions.   Regarding    India,   e-commerce,     fintech,
                        entertainment, gaming, all of these are important verticals that you have named,
                        which cover our E,F&G categories or verticals, and even hospitality where travel
                        finds its place there or even health care.

                        We are seeing that in most of the emerging markets, not just India, look at
                        Indonesia, Brazil, Africa, etc. all of these emerging markets have similar trend lines
                        in these verticals, and it is all about growth. Now, what is fuelling this growth? New
                        smartphone users, existing smartphone users upgrading to higher income levels,
                        higher quality of devices and so on, each consumer is doing more volume of
                        conversion and they are also increasing the average value of these conversions. So
                        the digital transaction space is growing and going up.




                                                     10

===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


                        The digital consumption, like the bread and butter consumption, has become a
                        basic lifestyle, with e-commerce, fintech, entertainment, gaming, healthcare,
                        education, etc. evolving as a fundamental consumption, which will be there on a
                        broad basis over the long term.

                        Having transactions from digital platforms leading to user acquisition use cases,
                        leading to retargeting such users for repeat conversions through the lifetime of
                        their journey not just driving conversions through online devices, but also trying to
                        drive footfalls of these important consumers to the physical stores or locations of
                        these brands and advertises, all of these 3 use cases will continue to thrive for the
                        long term in the emerging markets, and we will continue to benefit from it.

                        Talking about US, and we talked about some macro trends earlier, which we are
                        bullish about. We also asked about what the comparable companies are, who do we
                        benchmark, who do we follow, track and see what's happening, certainly Applovin,
                        certainly the Trade Desk. One is more focused on gaming, the other one is more
                        focused on CTV. What is unique about Affle is that we are way more anchored on
                        India and emerging markets at the moment, and we are entering into developed
                        markets in a stronger way with more calibration on that dimension.

                        We have also strengthened our gaming credentials. You will see the case study that
                        we have introduced in our earnings presentation. Several times, we have shown
                        gaming case studies. If you look at Applovin, they are talking about their focus areas
                        as gaming. They talk that they are a gaming company, and then they talk about
                        adtech, and now they are starting to talk about e-commerce. Trade Desk, very
                        focused on agencies and very focused on CTV.

                        Affle is quite unique. If you look at our direct-to-customers business, over 70%
                        business is direct to the customers / advertisers. Agencies are important strategic
                        partners & channels and we have a good balance overall. We are not over-anchored
                        on one particular country or one particular vertical, whereas, of course, US is such
                        a large market. While I am saying it today, in the next 3 years, if our US business
                        continues to grow, it will have a dominating effect overall in the company. If you
                        see Applovin or Trade Desk, the biggest part of their revenue is coming from US and
                        it is anchored on a few key verticals and that's it, whereas Affle is a much more
                        broad-based de-risked organization today and fast growing as well.

                        Third question, strategic partnerships, I wouldn't say as much focus on the OTTs at
                        the moment, but we are looking at CTV on a broad basis and seeing right from OEMs
                        or other content partners. In CTV, we are looking at it in a much more holistic way



                                                     11

===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


                        from a consumer journey perspective and trying to do a strategic partnership where
                        it is appropriate. But I wouldn't name or call out any specific OTT for strategic
                        partnerships.

Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Deepak from Sundaram Mutual Fund.

Deepak:                 My first question revolves on vertical. I just want to understand, is there any
                        particular vertical that you may want to highlight, which you would hope the
                        revenue growth in both Emerging Markets and Developed Markets? How are your
                        conversations shaping up with the Fintech companies in US?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      We look at our categorization of verticals into categories E, F, G and H, and we
                        enumerate that in our earnings presentations. We are seeing categories E, F and G
                        are the stronger categories and H is still catching up. In categories E, we see e-
                        commerce as the leading vertical; in category F, we see fintech; in category G, we
                        see gaming. So these are the three verticals. Incidentally, the 3 case studies that
                        we have also highlighted this time are covering these three; fintech, e-commerce
                        and gaming across different geographies.

                        We see that these will continue to be strong resilient verticals, barring 1 quarter
                        here or there, one country or the other. There could always be some hiccups along
                        the way, but those are just hiccups and we see long-term sustainable growth in
                        these verticals across geographies. In North America or in US, we see fintech as also
                        an important vertical. We do have a few fintech customers where we are doing well
                        for them, but we see a lot more emphasis on gaming as well as e-commerce because
                        we are strong in all the three verticals.

                        Therefore, we are keeping a balanced approach and going out there to win
                        customers. But I remain positive about the outlook of not only these verticals, but
                        the other verticals as well. We see broad-based consumption increasing on digital.
                        Even in developed markets, we see a lot of scope for greater growth.

Deepak:                 Sir, my second question is relatively long term in nature. Now as we have done our
                        platform integration and it is a consolidated platform, would M&A be still a priority
                        for us? Or would M&A take a backseat since first we would want to reap the full
                        benefit of this platform integration and then maybe focus on M&A? Would a
                        subsequent acquisition, if at all it happens, its integration will be much quicker
                        since now it is a full stack for us?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      For our integration, we have the ConvergeAI Supply Cloud which is the backbone of
                        how we are consolidating, ensuring that we have consolidated our power of all the


                                                      12

===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


                        different platforms and integrations in a certain way and through a certain process.
                        We have achieved that successfully so far. There is always something work in
                        progress that we can improve and we are working on that.

                        But in the longer term, I would expect that any other acquisition that we will do,
                        now we feel much more confident specially after having onboarded YouAppi and
                        integrated it, as an organization and as a platform within the Affle group in less
                        than a year. We feel confident that we can absolutely achieve full integration
                        within 1st year of any acquisition, make sure that we bring the acquired business to
                        similar levels of profitability of about 20% EBITDA or so within the first year.

                        We have actually shared that the last time when we did the YouAppi acquisition,
                        we had indicated it, but with some caution because we were just coming at the
                        back of the Jampp-related unique challenges. But we have been successful in
                        demonstrating what we did in YouAppi.

                        Going forward also, we would be looking at acquisitions, certainly. I wouldn't say
                        that we are done with it, neither am I saying that we are going to focus on just
                        acquisitions. It is going to be a carefully calibrated approach. Acquisition is always
                        and should always be carefully calibrated, and we have a very good track record on
                        that. There is no reason to not keep pursuing it.

                        But at the same time, what has worked well for us will be what we will do even
                        going forward. We will be careful, we will do the assessment and our guiding
                        principle to all our investors and analysts who are tracking us is that the acquired
                        business should not put a drag on our bottom line margins or performance.

                        We will make sure that during the first year of the acquisition, we bring it up to
                        speed to about 20% EBITDA and so on. If we are not confident about delivering that,
                        chances are we will not do the acquisition. We look at all aspects of it, strategic
                        alignment as well as bottom line financial fundamentals and the ability for us to
                        integrate it and bring it into our journey. All of this will be considered
                        comprehensively, if and when we do another acquisition. I hope that answers.

Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Please go ahead.

Anmol Garg:             Congrats on good set of numbers. Couple of questions. Firstly, I wanted to
                        understand that in the last few quarters, we have seen a non-CPCU business
                        reduced to now negligible levels. So has this business been classified to CPCU
                        business or has there been any closures of contracting on the non-CPCU part?




                                                     13

===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


Anuj Khanna Sohum:      See, even when we had the non-CPCU business, I had always provided such guidance
                        that we expect this business to graduate to becoming the CPCU business. We
                        educate our advertisers, incentivize our teams to ensure that happens. So the focus
                        has been CPCU business. I mean it is a single cash-generating unit. As an
                        organization. It is an extremely strong business unit.

                        Even when we do acquisitions, you will see that we are always talking about
                        transforming those acquired businesses into the CPCU business. Sometimes we have
                        non-CPCU components and so on, and we are aligning it back, and making sure that
                        we are doubling down, because we are still, in my view, a small company. We have
                        a long way to go. There is a lot of market share to be won, there is a lot more
                        territory to conquer in the CPCU business globally. This is how I would like you to
                        look at it rather than seeing it as something is lost in the non-CPCU part, not at all.

                        The gain in the CPCU part is where the focus has to be. If there was anything
                        material that we have lost or something to be concerned about, our governance
                        processes would have absolutely disclosed it in the way that we have always brought
                        - not only good news, but any challenges as well. So there is nothing that you should
                        spend your energy on over there. You see it as CPCU business is growing fast, is
                        doing well and there is a lot more to be done there. Affle is a focused company and
                        while it is doing everything on CPCU, it is also well hedged across verticals and
                        across geographies. That's how I would like you to analyze it and maybe not too
                        much focus on the non-CPCU part.

Anmol Garg:             Understood. Secondly, if you can indicate, if the RMG spends have come back to
                        pre-'24 levels? Or do you believe that it is still much lower and there is opportunity
                        that those spends might come back in coming quarters or years?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      It is different. When we look at numbers, life becomes easier. The number is the
                        same. The ecosystem is evolving, and the RMG segment is evolving. This segment
                        has huge potential for further growth. There is a lot more to be achieved. I wouldn't
                        say that it has bounced back in the same way or to the same extent, but where we
                        are today, we are comfortable with it. From here, we see a clear path of growth.
                        So we don't see anything pulling it back at the moment. We see a better, more
                        sensible calibrated growth. Sometimes you need a bit of shake up to settle things
                        back, and then have a more robust foundation to build upon and I think that is what
                        has happened in the RMG segment.

Moderator:              The next question is from the line Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark Institutional
                        Equities. Please go ahead.



                                                     14

===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


Arun Prasath:           My question is on the balance between the growth and margins that we have so far
                        done beautifully over the last 2.5 years, 3 years. Sometimes you have come out and
                        said that there is an opportunity, so I will invest little more and that is how the
                        growth will be higher in the future, and sometimes you have held back this. So right
                        now, where we are in this cycle? Are you seeing that the investment is enough and
                        that it should pay off for the growth or is it time to cut back? So some thought on
                        that, please.

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      I think in terms of balance between growth and margin you are pointing, our
                        company has a strong DNA. I mentioned earlier, we are an aggressive growth-
                        oriented company. We are a long-term player thinking 10 years, even 20 years
                        ahead, and many of you have heard disclosures and internal conversations with key
                        leadership team members. At the same time, we have an extremely strong DNA
                        towards, how are our cashflows or what is the profitability. Both of these aspects
                        are core to the DNA of Affle, growth powered by product innovation, being future-
                        ready, thinking long term. At the same time, clearly what is the daily cash
                        generation, weekly cash generation, monthly cash generation. The discipline as
                        well as the ambition, both of these aspects are there.

                        In terms of balance, you are asking to choose one or the other business. It is a deep
                        part of who we are. There is no way to say, okay, this quarter, we will focus on this
                        and not that. I think it goes together. Fortunately, for the kind of business that we
                        have, we can actually achieve both. Why? Because it is an asset-light business, it is
                        a tech platform business.

                        On the cost side, if we are having the right kind of talent and algorithms, the cost
                        should not grow that much and the business should be scalable. So, if you are
                        aggressive, get more customers, get more market, more geographies, more
                        verticals, let's get it on board.

                        The only area where we make a clear distinction and that I would continue to make,
                        are the business fundamentals. There is all kinds of advertising revenue out there.
                        You can go out there and tell somebody, You know what, I will make almost nominal
                        margin, give me your business, give me INR 50 million more business, I will get you
                        so many conversions and so on. It can be loss-making, low margin, what I would
                        infact call it to be a poor quality revenue, and such revenue also exists in the
                        market.

                        Now we are a disciplined company. We say no to that. If we are getting a campaign
                        or an advertiser who is basically wanting conversions and not ready to pay the right



                                                      15

===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


                        CPCU pricing, we are saying, "No, hang in there, we have other advertisers, we can
                        pull the price up." We don't have to take the lower quality of revenue. We are clear
                        that we are looking for profitable long-term sustainable growth. We are ready to
                        say no to low quality revenue.

                        We are clear that there is enough revenue to make profitability. We will continue
                        to be profit oriented and we don't have to compromise margin for growth. That is
                        who we are as an organization, and I don't think that will ever change. I hope that
                        answers your question.

Arun Prasath:           This is illuminating, but I was asking more in respect to, say, verticals. Have you
                        invested enough in all the verticals that you are confident that you don't need
                        further calibration there? Or you think there are some verticals where you are weak,
                        so you have to invest and there is a growth available or maybe in certain places
                        where the competition could be strong, probably you need to invest more. So from
                        that perspective, can you help us understand this?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      Sure. In terms of organic investments that we are doing, which Kapil also talked
                        about earlier that we are constantly improving our tech platforms. We are
                        constantly investing and improving. We are not saying, look, we have invested
                        enough, let's enjoy the ride. We are constantly pushing for further improvement.
                        There is a clear road map at all points in time. There is no complacency.

                        There is alertness and there is ambition to go ahead and keep improving and
                        becoming better. Am I comfortable with the level of organic, continuous ongoing
                        investment that we are doing - the answer is yes. Is that sufficient to beat any
                        competitor in the world, in any market in the world - I believe the answer is still
                        yes.

                        In terms of investing to strengthen or double down on certain verticals, in certain
                        markets, doing acquisitions for that and investing into those acquisitions, I have
                        also answered that we will evaluate it carefully. If we see enough strategic leverage
                        in value as who we meet as a potential acquisition candidate, we will look at it. If
                        we are confident that we can deliver strategic value as well as financial
                        fundamentals, even in that within the first year, we will go ahead and do those
                        acquisitions. We are investing in all the verticals. We are constantly investing to
                        improve organically in those verticals.

Arun Prasath:           Second question is on the competition. Maybe we have become a reasonable size in
                        some of the emerging markets and in India, maybe we are small in Developed




                                                    16

===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


                        Markets. But in these specific markets, say, India, Indonesia and other Emerging
                        Markets, how is the competition now as compared to say 2 or 3 years ago?

                        Do you see smaller players getting eliminated? Is there anything advantage we can
                        gain out of it because having become bigger in these markets, can we push more
                        and, say, at a much higher margins, at a much higher growth? Is it the possibility or
                        we have still not reached that stage in India and emerging markets as well?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      I think it is still work in progress stage. In terms of competition, the good news is
                        that most of our advertisers or ecosystem partners, they are evaluating us with all
                        the top global players - some of them we named earlier in the call. We bring in our
                        best people on the ground in all the emerging markets, whereas most of these
                        other, global companies listed in US or in Europe are focused on developed markets
                        and their best people are fighting the battles in developed markets because there
                        is a disproportionate revenue for those companies from those markets.

                        So they hire maybe one-off country directors in some of these emerging market
                        regions. Even though they come from these big global companies, their ability to
                        compete against our best people on ground is limited. That gives us a lot of
                        advantage in terms of how we execute in emerging markets. So competition-wise,
                        we have found ourselves in a good place.

                        We compare with the best and try to beat them in emerging markets, then use
                        those credentials & case studies to go and win in developed markets against them
                        and say that, "Look, we are beating them in complexities of emerging markets, give
                        us a chance in developed markets as well." So I think those kind of competitive
                        positioning is how we are navigating. At the moment, I would say that the numbers
                        that you see and the growth and the margin expansion is at a sensible, sustainable
                        level.

Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Adnan Amroliwala from Bastion Research.
                        Please go ahead.

Adnan Amroliwala:       Congrats on the good set of numbers. My first question is related to any guidance
                        on the CPCU rate, since you said that main reason for increasing CPCU rate is
                        basically premium inventory and direct markets. So any guidance on that?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      The most important factor for us to extract better CPCU rates from the advertisers
                        is the competitive bidding. If we have a broad base of customers and they are all
                        fighting to get the same conversion at that time, in that month or in that time of
                        the campaign, then we have the ability to make sure that we can command a CPCU


                                                    17

===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


                        rate. So that is one of the factors, create the competitive tension so that they bid
                        higher for the CPCU rates.

                        Second is, can we take it to unlimited levels of height? No, there is another factor
                        - what is the fundamental value of the consumer conversion? What is the lifetime
                        value of that consumer's wallet for this particular advertiser? If you are converting
                        that consumer for this advertiser, will it make ROI eventually for the advertiser? So
                        these are the parameters and boundary conditions within which we operate.

                        One, get to highest level of margins by making sure there is competitive pricing so
                        that we are selling it at the right price and pushing that right price to a level where
                        the advertiser is still making money. It has to be a win-win proposition, otherwise
                        it wouldn't work. To get to the premium users or the premium conversions, which
                        have high lifetime values, go to premium touch points - iOS devices, Samsung
                        devices, AppStore inventories, etc. Basically, go to the right kind of consumer
                        segments to drive premium ROI for the advertisers. But then you also want scale,
                        so it is not just about premiumness.

                        We are looking at this in a balanced way, and we believe that the CPCU pricing will
                        continue to move in the right direction. It will keep inching upwards as we have
                        already done over the last many years.

Adnan Amroliwala:       Perfect. Sir, another question is, how does the inventory cost comes? How does the
                        contractor publish it? Is it like you buy the inventory and pay them upfront? Or is it
                        a revenue sharing basis? Secondly, how much of the inventory cost is forward-
                        looking? If you can clarify that.

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      I don't know if I can answer everything and some of that would result in trade secret,
                        but I have been clear that we are buying the inventory, we are paying for the
                        impressions for showing the ads and we are charging the advertisers for driving
                        conversions. On one side, we are basically the buyer of advertising space and on
                        the other hand, we are taking responsibility for driving the end conversions and
                        therefore, charging the advertisers against that.

                        Whether it is just the price per impression or effective price per impression or are
                        we doing a revenue share? I would like to reserve that. In certain publishers, it
                        could be a revenue share while in certain other publishers' case, it would be just a
                        clear bidding-based process and using our intelligence and making it happen. Where
                        we have strategic partnerships, we may do revenue share. But most of the supply
                        sources are connected programmatically. We are bidding for it, we are buying the
                        space, we are using our algorithms. We are making sure that we are optimizing and


                                                     18

===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


                        maximizing the outcome for the advertisers at the lowest cost of converting the
                        user.

                        You also asked about how much of the inventory cost is forward-looking. At any
                        given time, let's say, in India, we are also looking at calibrating deeper to
                        understand those consumers who are non-shoppers today. In India, there are 700
                        million connected devices. Out of those devices, we constantly keep predicting that
                        what percentage of devices are shoppers today. Hence, a good part of the spend
                        goes in that dimension across not only India but other emerging markets as well. I
                        would not quantify it today, but I would say at least 10% to 15% of the cost is
                        forward-looking.

Moderator:              The next follow-up question is from the line of Deepak from Sundaram Mutual Fund.
                        Please go ahead.

Deepak:                 My question was around CTV. As we are talking about more premium inventories
                        and entering into CTV channel, I just wanted to understand what will be your
                        approach to managing the ad latency and buffering issues, which is prevalent in
                        CTV because if your consumer doesn't completely engage with the ad and switches
                        between the channel in CTV, that could lead up to higher inventory costs for us,
                        right?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      So far, we haven't faced the specific challenges that you are talking about, in terms
                        of ad latency or switching cost of the consumer. Maybe the companies that are only
                        focused on CTV with just one-dimensional engagement point with the consumer are
                        trying to grapple with some of these aspects. For us, CTV is one additional touch
                        point in that consumer's life, such that let’s say firstly when the consumer is on
                        their mobile phone, then in their office, then traveling, and then they are coming
                        back to their home. So, they connect to their households, then they are on their
                        mobile device, and they then go on to the CTV. There are multiple mobile devices
                        in the home because there are multiple individuals, maybe there is one or two CTVs
                        in different rooms of the house.

                        The CTV is one channel to influence the consumer, and the mobile and other touch
                        points of the consumer journey are also important to the overall connected device
                        experience that Affle talks about. In this process, there could be certain challenges,
                        whether it is ad latency or something else. But eventually, what we are talking
                        about is how most of the tech challenges would get overcome over a period of time.
                        The most important insight, Deepak, is that you and I, as consumers, are going to




                                                     19

===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
Affle (India) Limited
November 11, 2024


                        be on the mobile device, on connected TV devices, other connected gadgets, it is
                        an expected pattern.

                        Affle's role is not just to look at one channel or the other, but looking at the
                        consumer centricity of Affle's platform. We are a consumer platform and the
                        consumer platform is focused on all connected devices that the consumer will touch
                        with. Maybe on CTV, there could be certain unique challenges, maybe on mobile as
                        well. Tomorrow, there will be other variable devices. They will all go through their
                        journey of consumer adoption & overcoming challenges, but I don't see CTV and ad
                        latency as an issue that we are disturbed by at the moment.

Deepak:                 Okay. Will there be customer overlap also? For example, what we are targeting
                        today on mobile-only installer, some overlap would be where we will be targeting
                        the same consumer on CTV channel as well?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      Of course, yes. The consumer is the same. If somebody is trying to drive a
                        conversion with me, they would say that you have shown the ad on mobile, show it
                        on the CTV also. Ideally, it should work like that to drive the conversion. We have
                        to look at it in a consumer-centric way versus one touch point at a time because
                        that is not the strategic direction that we are taking. We are looking at it as a
                        consumer-centric platform. Wherever the consumer goes, we have to map and
                        provide that engagement point.

Moderator:              Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of the call. I now hand over to
                        the management for closing comments.

Anuj Khanna Sohum:      Thank you everybody for your very insightful questions. We look forward to the
                        festive quarter. The festivities have happened for Deepawali and we have already
                        seen good momentum, but rest of this quarter is ahead of us. We look forward to
                        connecting back in early 2025 and hopefully with much stronger results &
                        performance as guided earlier today. Thank you and stay well.

Moderator:              Thank you. On behalf of Ambit Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you
                        for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.


                                                *** end ***




                                                    20

===== PDF PAGE 22 =====

