
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
AFFLE/SE/ECT/Q4/2025-26                                                                             May 18, 2026

To

 BSE Limited                                          National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                           Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-l, G Block,
 Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001                         Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai
                                                      - 400 051

 Scrip Code: 542752                                   Symbol: AFFLE

Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the fourth quarter and financial year ended
March 31, 2026 conducted on May 11, 2026 at 10:00 AM (IST)

Dear Sir/ Madam,

Please find enclosed the detailed transcript of the Earnings Conference Call conducted on Monday, May
11, 2026 at 10:00 AM (IST) to discuss the results and developments for the fourth quarter and financial
year ended March 31, 2026.

The same is also available on the Company’s website at https://affle.com/investor-relations.

Please note that the audio recording of the Earnings Conference Call was submitted vide our letter
Affle/EC/2025-26/Q4 dated May 11, 2026.

Submitted for your information and records.


Thanking you,

Yours Faithfully,
For Affle 3i Limited
(Formerly known as Affle (India) Limited)
Parmita Digitally
        by Parmita
                  signed

Choudhu Choudhury
        Date: 2026.05.18
ry      20:03:18 +05'30'

Parmita Choudhury
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer




                                                Affle 3i Limited
                                     (Formerly known as Affle (India) Limited)
            Regd. Office | A47 Lower Ground Floor, Hauz Khas, Off Amar Bhawan, New Delhi-110016
      Communication Office | 8th floor, Unitech Commercial Tower - 2, Sector - 45, Gurugram - 122003, Haryana
                      (P) 0124-4598749 (W) www.affle.com; CIN: L65990DL1994PLC408172

===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
                        Affle 3i Limited
     Q4 & 12M FY2026 Earnings Conference Call
                             May 11, 2026




Management:         1) Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum – Chairperson, Managing
                    Director & Chief Executive Officer of Affle 3i Limited

                    2) Mr. Kapil Bhutani – Chief Financial & Operations
                    Officer of Affle 3i Limited


Analyst:            Mr. Ashwin Mehta – Ambit Capital




           This transcript has been edited to improve the readability

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

Moderator:           Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Affle 3i Limited Q4 &
                     12M FY2026 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Ambit Capital. As a reminder,
                     all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an
                     opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should
                     you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by
                     pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this
                     conference is being recorded.

                     I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital.
                     Thank you and over to you, sir.

Ashwin Mehta:        Thank you, Iqra. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Ambit Capital, we
                     welcome you all to Q4 and 12M FY2026 Conference Call of Affle 3i Limited. I
                     take this opportunity to welcome the management of Affle 3i Limited,
                     represented by Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum, who is the Chairperson, MD and CEO
                     of the company; and Mr. Kapil Bhutani, who is the Chief Financial and
                     Operations Officer of the company.

                     Before we begin with the discussion, I would like to remind you that some of
                     the statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in
                     nature and may involve some risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to Slide 2
                     of the company's earnings presentation for a detailed disclaimer.

                     I will hand it over to Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum for his opening remarks. Thanks,
                     and over to you, Anuj.

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call today. I trust all of
                     you are keeping in good health.

                     Affle's growth story is of consistent compounding - for the last 5 years, we
                     have delivered on our medium-term guidance across both topline and
                     profitability on the back of our robust AI-powered consumer platform stack.

                     FY2026 has been a strong foundational year in our 3i journey as the first full
                     year of our third decade as Affle 3i Limited. We have advanced our vision
                     with disciplined execution and clear strategic intent. We are firmly on course
                     to deliver on our medium-term guidance of 20% CAGR as we progress towards
                     our 10x decadal growth vision.




                                               2

===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                   We concluded another year on a remarkable note, registering our 13th
                   consecutive quarter of sequential topline growth despite a challenging macro
                   environment. In Q4 FY2026, we delivered revenue of INR 7.24 billion, an
                   increase of 20.3% y-o-y, sustaining the growth momentum that has defined
                   Affle's trajectory over the past years. Our continued focus on improving
                   operational efficiency and productivity translated into EBITDA of INR 1.61
                   billion, growing over 20.3% y-o-y. PAT stood at INR 1.20 billion, increasing by
                   16% y-o-y, with the growth remaining relatively subdued given our lower
                   effective tax rate in the base quarter last year. Our profit before tax from
                   operations, excluding other income, grew in line with EBITDA at 20.8%. Our
                   CPCU business continued to scale, delivering 120.3 million conversions at a
                   CPCU rate of INR 60.0, translating into CPCU revenues of INR 7.21 billion.

                   Our growth has been consistently broad-based across key industry verticals
                   and geographies. India and global emerging markets together contributed
                   71.6% of our revenues, while growing by 21.2% year-on-year. Our developed
                   markets delivered a resilient performance, growing 18.0% year-on-year, and
                   contributed 28.4% of our revenues in Q4 FY2026.

                   This growth was achieved despite some temporary softness in select markets
                   and verticals during the quarter due to the geopolitical events and was driven
                   by our disciplined sales efforts, deeper customer engagements and new logo
                   additions. We continue to unlock new avenues for growth, further
                   strengthening our position as a trusted privacy compliant and results-driven
                   platform.

                   For the full year, we delivered revenues of INR 27.1 billion, a growth of 19.5%
                   y-o-y, with EBITDA of INR 6.1 billion at a robust growth of 26.3% y-o-y and
                   PAT of INR 4.55 billion, growing 19.1% y-o-y.

                   These outcomes are underpinned by our continued investments in AI and
                   platform innovations, enhancing campaign effectiveness, conversion quality,
                   and operating efficiency. During the year, we further augmented our
                   capabilities through the integration of OpticksAI and Niko into our consumer
                   platform stack, driving improvements in creative optimization and
                   automated campaign management. We are deepening our AI native
                   capabilities across the organization with focused efforts on upskilling our
                   teams and embedding AI into day-to-day workflows, enabling higher
                   productivity and more effective execution.




                                             3

===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                   This quarter, we have featured 3 customer-approved case studies across key
                   industry verticals in our earnings presentation. The first case study highlights
                   our capabilities in driving high-value iOS shoppers' conversions for a quick
                   commerce player in Europe, leveraging our ability to target high lifetime
                   value users at key intent moments to drive first-time purchases. The second
                   case study focuses on driving existing gamers' conversions for a global gaming
                   advertiser, where we boosted repeat conversions and ROI through AI-driven
                   audience modeling and interactive creatives. The third case study highlights
                   our ability to scale new user conversions and maximizing ROI for an Indian
                   fintech customer, leveraging on-device, in-app premium placements through
                   our AI-powered intent and recommendation engine and dynamic creative
                   optimization.

                   Affle continues to be recognized as a technology thought leader across
                   industry forums. Our platforms have ranked amongst the top ROI driving ad
                   partners and growth leaders globally in the Singular ROI Index 2026, earning
                   several other placements across various categories. We also received several
                   accolades across leading industry forums during the year, notably the Best
                   MarTech Platform of the Year, along with 5 other accolades at the DIGIXX
                   Summit and Awards 2026, Most effective tech platform at the Maddies and
                   wins across categories in the 16th India Digital Awards.

                   We continued our efforts to take stronger strides in ring-fencing our
                   technology moat. We received 5 new patent grants during the year, taking
                   our comprehensive IP portfolio to 18 unique patents granted and 21 filed &
                   pending. With around 300 unique enforceable patent claims, our patents
                   span across fraud intelligence, human versus nonhuman distillation, precision
                   targeting, contextual and gesture-based advertising and next-generation AI
                   native ads and engagements across key industry verticals. The breadth and
                   depth of this position, with the unique and defensible IP, ensures that as the
                   digital ecosystem continues to evolve rapidly, we have been future proofing
                   our business for the next phase of digital advertising growth.

                   As we look forward, the structural tailwinds of our efforts in FY2026 are
                   compelling. We see global ad spends rising with AI expanding the frontiers of
                   ROI-based returns-based advertising in ways that will fundamentally reshape
                   how brands engage and convert consumers. These are structural shifts that
                   play directly to Affle's core strengths. Our first-party data intelligence,
                   algorithms, unique IP on ads & audience intelligence and our deeply
                   verticalized approach across key industry verticals & geographies collectively


                                             4

===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                   position us to capture a disproportionate share of this growing opportunity.
                   We are future-ready, and we remain agile and steadfast in our commitment
                   to delivering sustainable, profitable growth and creating enduring value for
                   all our stakeholders.

                   Lastly, on inorganic efforts, we continue to actively pursue growth
                   opportunities that are strategically aligned with our 3i vision. To further
                   bolster our readiness in closing the deals, our Board has approved a
                   preferential issue of equity shares to strengthen our balance sheet. Post our
                   shareholders' approval, our corporate promoter, Affle Holdings, will invest to
                   acquire ~7.4 million warrants at INR 1,487, totaling approximately INR 11
                   billion, with 25% upfront payment. This will ensure that we are well
                   capitalized and ready to move swiftly this year on the right acquisition
                   opportunities. This is a proactive step towards executing our inorganic
                   growth strategy with the calibrated discipline and conviction that has defined
                   our organic growth journey.

                   With that, I now hand over the call and discussion to our CFO, Kapil Bhutani,
                   to discuss the financials. Thank you, and over to you Kapil.

Kapil Bhutani:     Thank you Anuj. Wishing everybody a good day, and hope all of you are
                   keeping safe and well.

                   As we turn the page from financial year 2026 to financial year 2027 in Affle's
                   consistent growth story, we do so with a greater conviction, concluding
                   FY2026 on a stronger note. For the full year, on a consolidated basis, we
                   achieved revenue of INR 27.1 billion, representing 19.5% y-o-y increase as
                   our unique ROI-linked CPCU business model continues to be in a high growth
                   momentum.

                   Our sustained focus on operational efficiency and profitable growth
                   translated into EBITDA of INR 6.10 billion for the full year, registering a
                   robust 26.3% y-o-y growth with a margin of 22.5% on an improvement of 120
                   basis points y-o-y.

                   We achieved operating cash flows of INR 5.02 billion during the year,
                   increasing by ~25% CAGR over the last 5 years. This underscores the quality
                   of our earnings, our disciplined working capital management and our
                   consistent ability to convert profitable growth into strong cash flows.




                                             5

===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                   Our PAT for the year stood at INR 4.55 billion, an increase of 19.1% y-o-y with
                   a PAT margin expanding to 16.3% versus 16.2% in FY2025, despite lower other
                   income during the year.

                   Our Profit Before Tax from operations (excluding other income), stood at INR
                   4.80 billion for the year, growing 28.5% y-o-y, outpacing our EBITDA growth
                   and reflecting the underlying strength of our core business from operations.

                   Now coming to Q4 FY2026, there were some macro challenges due to
                   geopolitical events, which required recalibrations. Despite this, we achieved
                   our 13th consecutive period of q-o-q topline growth. On a consolidated basis
                   for the quarter, revenue stood at INR 7.24 billion, registering a y-o-y growth
                   of 20.3% and a sequential growth of 1%. We were able to sustain balanced
                   growth across India and international markets. On an adjusted basis, our
                   India revenue grew by 19.5% y-o-y, Developed Markets increased by 18.0% y-
                   o-y and Emerging Markets registered a robust growth of 22.3% y-o-y.

                   We recorded EBITDA of INR 1.61 billion for the quarter, registering a growth
                   of 20.3% year-on-year. Our EBITDA margin stood at 22.3%, broadly in line with
                   Q4 last year.

                   In terms of Opex, our inventory and data costs stood at 63.3% of the revenues
                   for the quarter, an increase of approximately 90 basis points sequentially.

                   Our employee benefit expenses remained largely flat as we continue to
                   leverage our ongoing investment in AI and innovation, driving greater
                   productivity across teams and operations.

                   Other expenses declined by 4.3% sequentially, reflecting a natural
                   moderation in business promotion activity following a sequentially active Q3.

                   We achieved a profit before tax of INR 1.48 billion during the quarter, an
                   increase of 19.5% y-o-y and 1.3% q-o-q. Our profit after tax stood at INR 1.20
                   billion, marking an increase of 16.0% y-o-y and 0.2% on a q-o-q basis. The
                   PAT growth in percentage terms is subdued on account of lower tax rate in
                   Q4 last year. However, on a full-year basis, our ETR was in line at 18.6%
                   versus 18.3% last year.

                   We continue to prioritize efficient working capital management and as such,
                   there were no material changes in collection risk during the quarter.




                                             6

===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     Building on the 5-year consistent and profitable growth, we remain confident
                     in the resilience of our business model and the strength of our AI-powered
                     Consumer Platform Stack to sustain this momentum through FY 2027 and
                     beyond. Even as the global environment continues to present new challenges
                     and opportunities in equal measures, our disciplined financial management
                     supported by healthy balance sheet and robust operating cash flows provide
                     strong foundation to capture emerging opportunities ahead.

                     With this, I end our presentation. Let us please open the floor for questions.

Moderator:           Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta
                     from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead.

Ashwin Mehta:        One question in terms of how the competitive dynamics is evolving in the
                     GenAI era, especially from walled gardens as well as the GenAI natives. While
                     we have talked about on the creative side, the OpticksAI platform helping
                     us, but on the campaign management and the targeting side, how are things
                     changing versus earlier? And what are our priorities in terms of investments
                     there?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   Thanks, Ashwin. Regarding the competitor ecosystem evolving, there's no
                     significant change. I believe all of the competitors are responding to AI in
                     their own sort of initiatives and ways and largely trying to do what is
                     appropriate and obvious at the moment. I would say that the competitive
                     edge that Affle has versus most of the other competitors is that we are
                     working with the advertisers directly. We are integrating as part of our
                     unique CPCU business model with deeper conversion level, first-party data
                     integrations with our advertisers directly.

                     I believe that puts us at a unique position. What also is different and unique
                     about us is the fact that we are across all the top key industry verticals and
                     our platform is being verticalized, deeply integrated with the advertisers
                     across those unique verticals. It's not just a horizontal solution. We are very
                     focused on those industry verticals and our premium positioning for that.
                     Even our AI algorithms or AI-related experiences are deeply verticalized for
                     those industry verticals. That gives us another differentiation and edge.

                     In terms of how we are performing versus the competition, I find that across
                     e-commerce, entertainment, fintech, food tech and now increasingly also in
                     health care, we are seeing some real competitive advantages of our
                     verticalized approach and direct to advertisers approach.


                                               7

===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                   It will be hard for competitors to respond to that because a lot of them are
                   not on the CPCU business model and a lot of them are also not directly deeply
                   integrated with the advertisers' first-party data. That makes a big difference.
                   In terms of the walled gardens, on AI side, the automation tools that the
                   walled gardens are providing, I believe that's definitely helping them.

                   We can see it from the results and that's across-the-board trend. In ad tech,
                   AI will be a clear tailwind, whether it is the walled gardens, whether it is
                   Affle, whether it is the other competitors. Then the main question is who
                   will capture more of this increasingly expanded AI-oriented digital
                   ecosystem. On that, our approach is clear, direct to advertisers, first-party
                   integration, CPCU business model and deep verticalization to ensure that
                   there's a premium integration that is provided that's not easily comparable
                   or replaceable with any other competitor. That's how I would look at the
                   competitive landscape.

                   In terms of our own technology evolution with OpticksAI, Niko AI, we are
                   seeing adoption across our customers and they're clearly seeing value
                   addition happening both on the iOS and Android ecosystems. We're also
                   seeing it going beyond mobile to CTV and we are seeing a very good impact
                   overall of how AI is being implemented.

                   One very key differentiation that I would like to highlight for everybody's
                   benefit is that as more and more agentic AI tools come around the Internet
                   across industries, across different business cases and even as more and more
                   consumers start having more and more agentic AI, what's going to be super
                   important in digital advertising is what we define as human versus non-human
                   filtration.

                   It has to be very clear to the advertisers and technology platforms have a
                   duty to show that if we are showing an ad, we are actually able to filter out
                   whether this was a human engagement or whether this was an agentic or
                   non-human engagement. You would notice that Affle has been talking about
                   this ever since pre-IPO days of 2017 when we filed several patents to
                   distinguish between human versus machine activity.

                   This is an area where we've got several patents granted over many years.
                   With the advent of agentic AI and the explosion of AI-generated apps or
                   content on the Internet, this particular intellectual property or proposition
                   or capability of Affle's 3i Consumer Platform Stack is becoming an outstanding
                   differentiator as we talk to the advertisers. This problem statement is

                                             8

===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     something that Affle has got some unique moats around and I believe the
                     competitors are not responding to this bit as much. Wherever you hear, AI is
                     about automation or generating content, but very few people are talking
                     about technology where they can filter out whether this is an engagement
                     from a human or a non-human. I believe this is an area where Affle is
                     differentiated.

Ashwin Mehta:        One follow-up to this. You talked about filtering the human versus non-
                     human traffic. But in terms of targeting the non-human traffic for
                     conversions, how would things work differently versus how they have been
                     when we are targeting humans?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   Today, it's still early and agentic will evolve over the next 5 years. When an
                     advertiser would spend budgets 5 years from now, the advertisers would most
                     certainly want to make sure that a big part of their budget is spent to actually
                     deliver on human engagements and drive conversions directly with humans.
                     There would be a smaller part of the budget that they would also want to
                     use to influence authentic AI agents that are acting on behalf of the humans,
                     the consumers. There will always be this bigger challenge.

                     Let's put it into buckets. A big part of the ad spend will go to target humans.
                     We are addressing that very well. Another smaller part, but a meaningful
                     part, could go towards targeting the AI agents, which are authenticated and
                     are assisting humans or the consumers. We must absolutely ensure that there
                     is no loss of budget or engagement to the noisy non-authenticated AI agents.

                     There will be tons of those that are pretending to be Ashwin or Anuj or what
                     we call digital fraud. There will be a huge need for filtering that out while
                     clearly having this technology differentiation and the IP that we have will
                     come to our advantage. But this will be an evolving trend over the next 5
                     years. Like I said, we have a competitive moat and I believe we are ahead of
                     the curve versus what most of the competitors are talking or demonstrating
                     in their road maps at the moment.

Moderator:           The next question comes from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark.

Arun Prasath:        Anuj, my first question is on gross margins. If you see the last 7-8 quarters,
                     we are continuously seeing a reduction in the margins from a percentage
                     perspective. While I see positive in this because we are able to deliver
                     absolute growth in both Gross margins and EBITDA margins, my question is




                                               9

===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     whether this gross margin reduction is because we are responding to the
                     competition or is it because of the vertical mix change?

                     Or is it a conscious decision? If it is a conscious decision, how much of this
                     you would say that has contributed to our growth and where this leads to in
                     future? Your thoughts on this, please?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   No, I believe we are range bound within our unit economic model. We are
                     very disciplined in how we execute this. First of all, no investors should see
                     any particular surprises in terms of how we execute. We should be very
                     predictable, dependable in terms of how we continue to grow our CPCU
                     pricing, how we continue to grow our overall volumes of conversions and
                     keep the data inventory cost at a sensible and a calibrated level. This is an
                     overall long-term view that I can give to you.

                     In the short term, let's say, the last several quarters, you would see that we
                     have been calibrating and investing towards launching more verticals in more
                     geographies, going deeper in our verticalization approach, direct to
                     advertisers and also emphasizing premium positioning for the Affle
                     platforms.

                     Why is it a premium - because it is targeting higher-value lifetime users. To
                     get to those higher-value lifetime users, you have to target premium device
                     models and premium touch points on those device models. You've got to go
                     to CTV, you've got to go to more premium placements to find the high
                     lifetime value users for the advertisers. That involves deeper investments;
                     and I use the word investment, not expense, but accounting-wise, of course,
                     everything is expensed out in data and inventory costs. Deeper investments
                     to build audience intelligence and advertiser intelligence that is verticalized
                     and highly integrated with the first-party data intelligence of our platforms.
                     This area of investment has been a conscious decision.

                     Having said that, it doesn't take away from the overall sensibility of our unit
                     economic model. Therefore, you have seen overall expansion and growth in
                     a sensible manner. It should stay range bound. And there's still a long runway
                     for growth, delivering about 20%+ growth over the next 5 years is our goal.

                     We are doing verticalization, going towards a more premium positioning,
                     more first-party data integrations and these areas of investments across
                     developed markets where we are clearly under-calibrated at the moment
                     and there's a long runway for growth.


                                              10

===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     Hence, we are investing in that area and that's what you're seeing in terms
                     of the margin profile. But over a period of time, even this particular aspect
                     would probably lead to further improvement and we should see better
                     margins and even stronger bottom-line performance.

Arun Prasath:        Understood. One clarification on this. Say, 39% to 36.5% to 250 bps reduction
                     in the gross margin, largely if it can be attributed to the investments, how
                     long does it take for these investments to pay off? I mean, how long before
                     we can get back to 37%-38% kind of margins? Is there any timeline you are
                     operating with or it just still early days?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   I believe in about a year, we should be able to achieve the level of
                     verticalization and the level of intel that we need to develop across all the
                     key geographies and hopefully, around that time onwards, we should see
                     another year of bringing it back to better levels, where we don't need to
                     invest as much.

Arun Prasath:        My second question is that in the era of abundant intelligence and
                     inexpensive intelligence, there are 2 things that can happen. One, what we
                     have built over last several years or almost a decade, someone with a really
                     resourceful competition can probably build it in a shorter period of time. So
                     either it can lead to consolidation, or it can encourage new players. How do
                     you see this playing out at least in the medium term? Do you see first
                     consolidation and then the new players or to first encourage new players,
                     which will lead to a consolidation later?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   First of all, we are a very strong business-to-business platform. We are deeply
                     integrated with the advertisers whose data integrations and apps integrations
                     are a non-trivial matter to do across industry verticals, across geographies,
                     with our very broad-based and diversified presence, which takes a lot of
                     time.

                     It's not as simple as, okay, let's launch an AI model and get done. You need
                     to go and do the contracts with these advertisers across all these 10, 12
                     verticals, across geographies, integrate the apps and the data layers, and
                     then you can start training an AI model on that. This is not something that's
                     readily available that you go on the Internet and you crawl around and you
                     have built intelligence.

                     This is not the kind of intelligence we are talking about. The kind of audience
                     intelligence and the advertiser intelligence we are talking about is deeply


                                                11

===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     verticalized and this intel requires a fairly long execution period to get
                     through.

                     For new entrants, it's going to be really hard. For the existing incumbent
                     players, they will have to compete with Affle to get to that depth of
                     verticalized data integration and processing and intel to go on a CPCU
                     business model from where they are today, which is still very much on
                     impressions and clicks - changing your business model, changing the
                     technology stack, going and convincing advertisers for a deeper integration.

                     Let's take an example, let's say, a company like Trade Desk, which is a
                     demand-side platform focused on serving ad agencies as partners. They're
                     not necessarily focused on, nor talking about, nor investing at the moment
                     in the CPCU business model. For them to start transitioning to CPCU business
                     model, going direct to advertisers, integrating deeply on the first-party data
                     of the apps of the advertisers, it's going to be a massive transition. Incumbent
                     organizations will find it challenging and new entrants will also find it
                     challenging.

                     I wouldn't say that it is low-cost AI. It is deep verticalized premium advertiser
                     and audience intel, which is not readily available, where you can't just say
                     that I've taken a cloud connection to the Internet and now I've become
                     intelligent. It doesn't work like that.

Moderator:           Next question is from the line of Vijit Jain from Citi.

Vijit Jain:          2 questions. One, with this fundraise that you've announced. I know in the
                     past, you've said that you look at the trailing 12 months operating profit as a
                     benchmark or something to use for M&A activity. So my question first - is the
                     ticket size somewhere around $200 million? I understand it can go up and
                     down, but is that the general ballpark?

                     And a related question, have you kind of narrowed your focus on the kind of
                     asset you want to acquire there as well?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   I would give the answer to the second question first because in the last
                     earnings call also, I had mentioned that we have evaluated several companies
                     - more than 10 and then we've shortlisted about 4 - where we are doing
                     deeper due diligence, we are doing deeper assessments as well as
                     negotiations. I wouldn't want to give any color to the size of the transaction
                     because there are a few small transactions as well. I don't want to confuse



                                               12

===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     your analysis on that. There are some larger ones. So, there are small, mid-
                     sized, and larger ones.

                     We may do more than one in terms of how we execute through the rest of
                     this financial year. I would say - stay tuned. As and when we are closer to
                     and have a definite announcement on it, we will be very proactive in
                     explaining our approach and strategy.

                     But it is important to also note that given the ambition of the organization
                     and the kind of shortlisted pipeline of opportunities that we are actively
                     engaged with, it is now prudent. It is now the right time for the company to
                     be ready with the necessary capital and seriousness to send the right
                     message, even to the Boards of the selling organizations, to know that we
                     are serious.

                     We are here and we have the necessary financial resources to execute in the
                     very short term if needed. But we will take our own time. There's no pressure
                     to act like today or tomorrow, but we are making sure that we execute at
                     the right terms at the right price with the right target company. We will be
                     patient, calibrated and we will bring the right transaction to unlock value for
                     our shareholders.

Vijit Jain:          My second question is on your remarks Anuj. You said a couple of times that
                     in this next phase of growth in advertising will be direct to advertisers and
                     first-party data integration and so on. I know that there's been some recent
                     tensions between ad agencies and not you guys, but some other DSPs as well.
                     Do you see the whole structure of industry kind of changing post-AI? Is that a
                     nod to that?

                     And related question that I suppose is if you can give me a color on what your
                     current footprint is - in terms of your active SDK integrations that you have
                     with our publishers and how that has trended over the last one year?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   In terms of the industry trend, all I'm saying is that you have to be closer to
                     your customer. If you look at our earnings presentation, there's one particular
                     slide that gives the entire Affle 3i Consumer Platform Stack details, one side
                     that tells you how we are direct to advertiser by design and there, we call AI
                     as advertiser intelligence. Not just that, we call it verticalized AI, which is
                     verticalized advertiser intelligence.

                     Then on the other side, we're talking about AI as an audience intelligence,
                     where we have 4 billion+ consumer devices that we are able to reach out to.

                                               13

===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                   Therefore we are profiling or processing audience intelligence at scale and
                   that is highly personalized to deliver personalized recommendations. There's
                   vernacular intel, creative optimization, all of those things – this is the model
                   with the kind of scale and premium verticalization that we are talking about.

                   Now there are a few pathways to go to the advertiser. For us, around 75% of
                   our pathway is direct with the advertiser. There's no other company involved
                   in between. Around 25% plus of the revenue is through large ad agency group
                   partners. But even there, our tech stack is directly integrated with the end
                   advertiser's app because we are driving CPCU business model. Our business
                   model requires that even if there is an agency or a partner in between, we
                   would still need to integrate with the end advertiser directly. It's a necessary
                   requirement.

                   That's what I'm emphasizing about. I believe the role of ad agencies will
                   continue to be relevant. It will change, it will evolve. It will become a lot
                   more efficient or perhaps even higher value roles and functions that they
                   could play.

                   I wouldn't really opine on their future. All I'm saying is that for a tech stack
                   like ours, we need to connect and be deeply integrated with the advertiser.
                   That's the main emphasis point there.

                   In terms of the SDK footprint, our direct-to-consumer conversions approach
                   of the business allows us several pathways of working. On that slide, you
                   would see the supply side integrations, the OEM & operator integrations and
                   there are even walled gardens integrations. We are working on the mobile
                   device, CTV devices, the connected household devices and also on digital
                   out-of-home. Some of them are small parts of our business, but we are
                   looking at the consumer journey as an end-to-end connected journey.

                   We work with a lot of the SDK partners as well. Our own SDK is also doing
                   well. One of the areas of the footprint expansion is that - going deeper with
                   those publishers because once you have the kind of advertiser demand that
                   we command in the market today with the verticalized integrations, that is
                   unique advertisers demand.

                   So all the publisher side of the ecosystem, we are able to absolutely work
                   with. Maybe I'll just leave it at that, but the footprint is expanding. Today,
                   our footprint, not of the SDK alone, but across all the channels that we have




                                            14

===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     to reach out to the consumer conversions directly has over 4 billion
                     connected devices footprint and that's not insignificant.

Moderator:           Next question is from the line of Aadil Khan from ICICI Prudential Life
                     Insurance.

Aadil Khan:          Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I have a couple of questions. So
                     firstly, when it comes to acquisition, like you mentioned that you've gone
                     down to 4 entities. What kind of capabilities are we looking for in these
                     companies? Secondly, if you could give us a timeline?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   Thanks, Aadil, for your question. In terms of capabilities, our focus is to take
                     on direct access to a lot more advertisers and sales force out there with
                     certain levels of initial integrations that they may have already done with
                     those customers and advertisers in developed markets or even globally.

                     Then we are assessing them whether those integrations and relationships can
                     be tapped on by Affle to really bring a transformative life to our strategy to
                     go and take that acquired company and make it the verticalized first-party
                     data integrated direct-to-advertiser platform that we're talking about here.

                     So again, the target is to get to a larger base of customers and have a sales
                     team with ready relationships, have a tech stack with some ready
                     integrations and then to transform it and enhance it to the playbook of Affle
                     which is to make it a much more premium platform versus the way it is
                     operating at the moment and to enhance its competitive moat using Affle's
                     approach and strategy as well as our technology. That's what we're looking
                     at.

                     The goal is to strengthen ourselves even more in developed markets and be
                     much more verticalized, both with the advertiser verticals as well as at an
                     ecosystem level, right from the advertiser to the consumer platform. How
                     can we go fully simplifying and unifying the ecosystem from the advertisers
                     to consumer conversions and that's our strategy and approach.

                     In terms of the timeline, there's a realistic chance that we may conclude a
                     meaningfully sized transaction within this year itself. And when I say year,
                     I'm not meaning the whole financial year, but within this calendar year.
                     These transactions do take time because we're talking about the full due
                     diligence process, the negotiation and the conclusion of the governance
                     processes around it.



                                              15

===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     Once we are closer to the definitive agreements and dates, we will certainly
                     provide the clearer timeline. But for now, it should be reasonable to say that
                     within this calendar year, we should see a transaction, hopefully, of a
                     meaningful size.

Moderator:           Next question is from the line of Divyesh Mehta from Invesco India.

Divyesh Mehta:       Sir, with respect to the gross margins, what the investment we are doing,
                     can you give some context as to how much more investments are pending?
                     When should we expect these investments to taper off? That's the first
                     question. Second one is, given how the market is shifting within ad tech, do
                     you think this is the right time to enter into the SSP space in a meaningful
                     way? That's it.

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   Thanks for your questions. I've already given some guidance on gross margins
                     that we are investing with a clear purpose-driven strategy, which is to be
                     deeply verticalized, be a premium platform that has intelligence, across key
                     geographic regions and key industry verticals and that requires the right kind
                     of investment. Going to high lifetime value consumer conversions, that kind
                     of a premium positioning requires certain investment in intelligence building
                     and we are doing that really well at scale.

                     Now I did mention that it will take about a year more and then we will start
                     seeing greater benefits of that in the second year and hopefully improve the
                     margin percentages in the financials progressively.

                     With respect to your second question regarding SSPs, our view is
                     straightforward. We see these terminologies where an organization is just
                     playing on the SSP side or companies that are only playing on the SSP side.
                     For those who don't understand this terminology, there are companies that
                     only focus on the supply side. My opinion is not strongly in favor of that.

                     My view is that anybody who's in provision of technology for advertising, has
                     to find a way to be close to the advertiser, close to the customer, going for
                     deeper integrations with the advertisers and the customers in order to ensure
                     that you can serve their interest well. You have to have a direct-to-consumer
                     conversions business model to absolutely ensure that you're delivering ROI to
                     the advertiser versus just playing a very point solution at one end of the
                     ecosystem, i.e., only supply side.

                     I believe those platforms will be commoditized and it will be extremely hard
                     for them to compete in the market. Even if we do any acquisitions, our

                                              16

===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     strategy is very clear. We are looking for a larger customer base, a larger
                     sales force that can serve that customer base and a tech stack that already
                     has some preliminary integrations and then how can we expand that into our
                     overall premium philosophy and transformation towards a verticalized
                     integrated platform, going direct to advertisers, direct-to-consumer
                     conversions.

                     Therefore, our play as Affle is always going to be an end-to-end platform.
                     You will never see us gravitate as a point solution on one side of the
                     ecosystem, distant from the end customer who's paying, which is the
                     advertiser.

Moderator:           Next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital.

Anmol Garg:          A couple of things that I wanted to understand. One thing I wanted to
                     understand is that in case we acquire something, can we look to operate at
                     a different model like cost per impression or cost per click? Or would we want
                     to convert that company to the CPCU model itself?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   Our endeavour would be to convert and transform over a period of time, but
                     not doing it in an abnormal or not in the natural course of business. If you
                     noticed that in our previous acquisitions that we did in year 2020 to 2023,
                     we acquired companies that were not naturally on a CPCU business model.
                     Even on a unit economic model, they were not profitable. They were just
                     barely breaking even. We have transformed all of those business now into a
                     CPCU business model. But it takes time, it takes effort.

                     First of all, any business that we acquire, our goal would be to make sure
                     that the valuation and the financial sensibility has to be extremely
                     conservative and prudent. We are putting our hard-earned money into it.
                     Instead of building, we are making a decision to buy. We will be very sensible,
                     value-driven and conservative in terms of the valuation.

                     In terms of what we acquire, it should give us a clear and a meaningful
                     starting point, a bigger base as a starting point on which we can then ensure
                     that we can grow Affle's CPCU business and platforms on that base in those
                     markets.

                     Let's say, we do an acquisition and that target entity has a base of customers,
                     a sales team, in developed markets - North America and Europe. Soon after
                     that, we will train those sales teams to take our products and propositions
                     on top of that to upsell, to cross-sell those deeper CPCU conversion use cases

                                              17

===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     to those customers. Naturally, over a period of time, we would see,
                     hopefully, that the acquired business as we had it before over the first year,
                     second year, possibly by the third year would be fully transformed to the
                     CPCU or more premium positioning that we have with the advertisers.

Anmol Garg:          In continuation to this, you have spoken about that CTV is a clear growth
                     area into the industry. So just wanted to understand like how CPCU model
                     will work in the CTV type of engagement or largely that would work on an
                     impression kind of a model?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   No, the CPCU model can work on CTV engagement, can work on digital out-
                     of-home engagement, can work on mobile. The answer is very simple. If you
                     have the intention to deliver ROI, all it requires is to back that intention with
                     execution action to go deeply integrate with the advertiser.

                     For example, somebody sees an ad on the CTV and that person engages with
                     that ad in many different ways. We have a lot of unique ways in which that
                     can be done. For example, you have your mobile phone, you can straightaway
                     scan a QR code or maybe not even that. There could be some other ways.
                     You look at the mobile phone, it can create some complementing experiences
                     on it and we can create reengagement and repeat conversion possibilities on
                     the mobile device.

                     When the user is out there at digital out-of-home in a shopping mall or
                     something like that, we can again create those kind of engagements that can
                     drive conversion. Either on your mobile device straight away, you go and you
                     can do a conversion or a transaction with the advertiser's app or in a physical
                     mall situation, you can actually have a footfall driven there.

                     Now, to do the conversion-related business model, the fundamental insight
                     is that the conversion has to happen inside the advertiser's environment.
                     Whether it is the advertiser's app or whether it is the advertiser's storefront
                     or whether it is the physical storefront, these are the places where the
                     conversion event would happen. Therefore, Affle has to have deep first-party
                     data integration with the advertisers to ensure that we are achieving that.
                     And that's how we do it. CTV is an important part of the journey.

                     What we have to think about is not just the screen. We are a consumer
                     platform. The consumer is on multiple screen touch points. In-app mobile,
                     this is a very big and a very important touch point for us. CTV, which is the
                     households, connected households, another important touch point for us. We


                                               18

===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     are closing the loop overall with a very small but important use case, which
                     is to say that the brands also want to drive conversions on their physical
                     stores. So digital out-of-home is also another area that we would look at. But
                     I would say it would suffice to say that over 90% focus is on in-app, mobile
                     and CTV at this moment and a smaller percentage would focus on digital out-
                     of-home.

Moderator:           Next question is from the line of Hardik Goyal from Union Mutual Fund.

Hardik Goyal:        Sir, just one question from my end. Given the current geopolitical situation
                     and some signs of recessions coming in, are you seeing the global brands
                     tightening their marketing budget? How can we see its impact on Affle per
                     se? Are brands shifting from general branding towards a higher ROI model of
                     CPCU?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   Thanks, Hardik, for the question. I have been leading Affle for 21 years and
                     we have seen several financial crisis, several crisis in the journey of 21 years.
                     I've been an entrepreneur for more than 30 and I've seen a fair bit of that.
                     We have built Affle's business model for resilience and for fundamental
                     deeply integrated moats with the customer and aligning our entire existence
                     for the benefit of the customer. I believe this kind of alignment is
                     dependable, trustable and especially when times get tough, it becomes very
                     important.

                     So when times get tough as they are and have many times in the past, we are
                     of the clear view that the CPCU business model is going to be resilient, and
                     in fact, going to be the go-to business model for the advertisers. Because,
                     when recession happens, it's not that businesses stop. They find it harder to
                     make revenue. In that time, they want to spend their advertising dollars with
                     great prudence and careful measures to say that if I'm spending this ad
                     money, I better get ROI.

                     I believe it is common sense, but we have seen it repeated a number of times
                     that all budgets get tighter. When budgets get tighter, when the going gets
                     tough for everyone, only the tough really can get going - and this business
                     model is a resilient business model, it is a tough business model. We have
                     anchored ourselves on it for this very reason.

                     When we were going public in 2018-19 and I was on the road shows, people
                     were asking, are you sure you're ready to go public? I said, yes, with this
                     business model, I can deliver to the public market investors a resilient,


                                                19

===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                   dependable and durable long-lasting success pattern. Last quarter was a
                   tough quarter geopolitically - Jan, Feb, March 2026 was a tough quarter and
                   it was a quarter without the benefit of festive seasonality.

                   Typically, in advertising businesses anywhere in the world, you will find that
                   their highest quarter is October, November, December because of Diwali,
                   Christmas, school holidays and shopping. Without the advantage or the
                   tailwinds of the festive quarter and with the headwinds of geopolitical issues,
                   Jan, Feb, March was very resilient for us.

                   We were able to grow at least the topline better and maybe even EBITDA
                   better than the last quarter. In terms of fundamental performance, CPCU
                   business in a small snapshot of the last quarter has already shown you in
                   terms of resilience. I believe if I was an advertiser and the economy was in a
                   tough place, I would gravitate to CPCU business model much faster than they
                   are otherwise doing.

Moderator:         We will take our next question from the line of Swapnil from JM Financial.

Swapnil:           My question is regarding the warrants issue. First of all, I would like to
                   understand the cap structure of your Affle Holdings Limited. Related question
                   to that is basically where is Affle Holdings getting the money from to invest
                   in Affle 3i Limited? Lastly, why warrants route instead of a QIP?

Kapil Bhutani:     I'll take this question. Swapnil this is a call for Affle 3i Limited and not a call
                   for Affle Holdings Private Limited. However, on the second question of yours
                   of why a warrant and why not an equity route. We already have a substantial
                   amount of cash. When we are on a negotiation on the pricing with the target
                   companies, there is a requirement to show the strength of the capital.

                   If you need to take some leverages, you need to build up the capital for that.
                   As we said that we will take some time to close the acquisition in this
                   calendar year, we wanted to shore up the certainty of availability of the cash
                   on the table.

                   But what is the source of funding of Affle Holdings? If any notification comes
                   from Affle Holdings to us, we will definitely disclose it to the stock exchange.

Moderator:         Next question is from the line of Kavish Parekh from 360 ONE Capital.

Kavish Parekh:     Congratulations on a steady set of numbers. Kapil, a couple of bookkeeping
                   questions. Our other expenses declined 3% in FY2026 after rising about 40-


                                             20

===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     odd percent in FY2025. Would you attribute this entire decline to moderation
                     in business promotion expenses? Or is there some other efficiency driving
                     this?

                     How do we look at movement in other expenses going forward? And could
                     you also explain the movement in other income? It declined about 17% in
                     FY2026. Is this all treasury related? Or is there something more to this?

Kapil Bhutani:       Thank you for the question. Largely, it is the decline or the moderation in
                     the business promotion expenses. There is no linear spending on the business
                     promotion expenses. Generally, it is Q2 & Q3 which is the highest spending
                     quarter for us and some amount in Q1 also, which is where we shore up our
                     marketing efforts as we participate in various events or we do client meetings
                     at a larger scale. These are the places where we spend or these are the
                     quarters where we spend largely. The moderation in Q4 is largely on account
                     of the marketing spends. The other efficiencies are definitely there, but
                     significant is this one to call out.

Kavish Parekh:       Sure. And on the other income?

Kapil Bhutani:       Other income is part of the treasury operations. As we have been repaying
                     our borrowings, there is some amount of reduction in the cash to that extent.
                     But however, we have been accumulating cash. Largely, the decline has been
                     on account of exchange gains over this quarter and during this year, as a
                     large part of our expenses, which come in terms of the data inventory cost
                     or employees outside India, these are the exchange expenses which we are
                     booking in this year.

Moderator:           Next question is from the line of Samarth Patel from Equirus Securities. As
                     there is no response from the current participant, we will take our next
                     question from the line of Onkar Ghugardare from Shree Investment.

Onkar Ghugardare:    As earlier mentioned that 20% growth for the next 5 years is what you can
                     do. But you have guided for around 10x of the revenue in the next 10 years,
                     which would want you to grow somewhere around 26% CAGR. So all that
                     remaining portion would come from inorganic growth. And in the generation
                     of the AI, don't you think with the tailwind of AI, the growth can be much
                     more than the 20%, which you have projected for the organic front? Or is the
                     base effect catching here?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   No, there's no base effect catching here. It's a sensible sort of growth
                     calibration at the moment to look at modelling our company for organic

                                                21

===== PDF PAGE 23 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     growth of around 20%. And with the clear and deep understanding that even
                     if we go ahead and do any inorganic transaction, our goal would be that the
                     combined entity must be deeply growth-oriented and should average towards
                     the 20% growth in the near to medium term with a clear emphasis on the
                     bottom line efficiencies of the organization, delivering close to about 23% to
                     25% EBITDA over a period of time.

                     Which is where you can see the trend lines last year to this year, our EBITDA
                     has gone up in the mid-20, to around 22% to 23%. Our goal is to constantly
                     move the notch up. This is a sensible level of growth for the industry that we
                     are in and for the tailwinds of AI that we're already factoring in.

                     Can it grow faster? Well, there is a possibility to calibrate it like that. But
                     then that would be not as profitable growth in terms of just going for topline
                     growth, getting the numbers from all kinds of advertisers. Not every pocket
                     or segment of advertising on digital is as profitable as the ones that we are
                     focused on. We calibrate ourselves to deliver premium conversions for those
                     verticals where we think that we can make the right kind of outcomes.

                     Many times, there are sales orders that our customers send to us through our
                     sales teams that we would even decline. If we believe that those campaigns
                     are not appropriate or will not lead to the right kind of profitable, sensible
                     outcomes, we would not necessarily take every revenue on board. What we
                     are talking about is high-quality revenue, predictable, sensible calibration
                     for the kind of growth that we're aspiring. Getting to 10x growth - it's a
                     committed plan and we are on track to getting there.

Moderator:           Next question is from the line of Pranay Shah from Carron Capital.

Pranay Shah:         Sir, my question is regarding ad tech ecosystem. Another ad tech player who
                     has partnered with LLMs like OpenAI for advertising pilots on ChatGPT, which
                     went live in March 2026 and I believe ChatGPT has also rolled it out in the
                     U.S., Australia and Canada. I'd like to know whether we are also conducting
                     some pilot experiments on this stage? If yes, what are the learnings which we
                     have?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   Yes, definitely. We are doing our own integrations and experimentations
                     around it. But what I can guide you towards and what I would want you to
                     think about is that see these LLM platforms as like an ecosystem level play.
                     You would see that very soon, these platforms would have app stores and
                     different apps using their LLMs to launch unique specific products and


                                              22

===== PDF PAGE 24 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     services for the end consumers and other businesses. I believe it's like you
                     don't have to necessarily integrate only with the app stores of Apple, Google
                     or others.

                     There will be millions of apps, AI-generated apps, human-generated apps,
                     websites that will use these LLM platforms to launch. Our goal is to work at
                     an ecosystem level with the end user touch points, which are these apps that
                     will be powered or running on top of these LLM platforms. Think of it as a
                     new vertical within our categories EFGH. In the category G, soon we'll talk
                     about GenAI apps as a vertical or as a category of advertisers, the new age
                     GenAI apps, which will also need to do 2 things.

                     One, they need to find the consumer so that they'll use their app and in order
                     to do that, they'll spend ad budgets on a CPCU model with us. Secondly, they
                     also want to make money from advertising because not all these new GenAI
                     apps will be paid for by consumer subscriptions. They will also need ad
                     revenue and so they will work and integrate with a platform like ours.

                     Working with the underlying LLM platform is one level of experimentation,
                     but the real take-off and the value and the scale is in the visualization of this
                     entire ecosystem being fully ready and prepared for that advent of GenAI
                     apps and sites, wanting ads, wanting to do advertising. I believe that's what
                     Affle is prepared and ready for. We are in a good place there.

Moderator:           Next question is from the line of Sanjay Ladha from Bastion Research.

Sanjay Ladha:        I wanted to understand the customer revenue cycle, meaning what is the
                     repeat customer percentage for 1 year, 3 year and 5 years? And why I'm asking
                     is, are we able to increase wallet share with existing customer? Or is it one-
                     time sales for one particular time? Do the 3-year and 5-year customers still
                     work with us?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   Yes, absolutely. The growth for us is anchored in a few ways. Existing
                     customers are spending more in existing markets and existing customers are
                     spending new budgets with us in new markets where they were not working
                     with us before, because we're a global platform. We always calibrate and we
                     go to our existing customers, hey, you're working with us in all these markets.
                     Look, we have these case studies with you, but we are also working in other
                     geographies where some of those customers may have presence. We will then
                     take them with us to those new geographies and extract budgets from them
                     for that.


                                               23

===== PDF PAGE 25 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     Then we have a sales team, a marketing team that's constantly looking for
                     new logos, new customers across all our industry verticals, both in existing
                     markets as well as we are constantly expanding and saying, let's launch and
                     look for new customers and logo in the new markets where we are a little
                     under-calibrated, for example, in developed markets.

                     So, we do see broad-based growth and expansion coming to our customer
                     base. There are several customers who've been working with us for over
                     decades. Now we have a 21-year journey in the company. Definitely, there's
                     a lot of dependence on existing as well as a good healthy mix of new logos
                     coming on board across existing and new markets.

Sanjay Ladha:        Sir, can you share any repeat customer names?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   Kapil, could you take that question?

Kapil Bhutani:       We will not be able to disclose that kind of detail of the information.

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   Sanjay, what I would recommend is reading the case studies that we are
                     highlighting. We disclosed so many case studies, so many awards that we are
                     winning for our customers, for ourselves and for the work that we do for
                     them. That should give you a very good understanding of our verticalized
                     approach and how we serve our customers. The short answer is that it is not
                     a one-time engagement. It is cyclical to the extent that's year-on-year or
                     budget to budget, in India it's Diwali to Diwali and so on. How the advertising
                     budgets are planned for the year, we calibrate that together and then we
                     execute through the quarters with our customers.

Moderator:           Next question is from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital.

Lokesh Manik:        Great. Anuj, you briefly touched upon digital OOH. My understanding is that
                     this segment in the advertising world has seen a subdued growth in the offline
                     side. So just to take some bit from your foresight and your experience in this
                     industry, what you saw in 2019 is today happening in 2025. Are you seeing
                     something develop in the digital OOH space and how difficult conversions will
                     be because mobile and CTV are more personalized device versus a digital
                     OOH, which is a public device? If you can share some details on that, how
                     you are foreseeing things in the next 3 to 5 years?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   Thanks for that question, Lokesh. If you see our platform's definition, it
                     doesn't say that it is a mobile advertising company. It doesn't say that we are
                     a CTV advertising company or a digital OOH advertising company.

                                              24

===== PDF PAGE 26 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                   Many of the competitors do that, by the way. Somebody might say we are a
                   mobile advertising. Somebody say we are CTV focused. Somebody will say we
                   are a Facebook company, Google. I mean, they're very destination specific.

                   Whereas what is Affle defined as? We are a consumer-centric consumer
                   platform company. Our focus is on the 4 billion consumer-connected devices
                   we are reaching out to. Now on those 4 billion consumers, let's say, if you're
                   focused on the consumer, first and foremost, we should be on the consumer's
                   mobile. It's very important. Because if you don't have that touch point, then
                   it doesn't make sense. Next is you would say, let's go from the mobile to the
                   connected household. There's a CTV screen there. Can we do something there
                   that will enhance the probability of conversion.

                   Third, you would say that, okay, should we limit Affle to just delivering
                   conversions for our advertisers online, which means the user is converting on
                   the mobile phone, on the in-app or on the app or the advertiser or on the
                   app of a marketplace. Is that all that we should do? The advertiser also has
                   physical stores and footprints. They also have their online store, their apps.
                   Why should we not say that, okay, when this consumer goes out of their home
                   or out of their office, the mobile is always carried with them. When they're
                   out of the home and out of the office, we can capture that incremental
                   budget on the consumer's journey. From that angle alone, the digital out-of-
                   home comes into play.If you are on digital out-of-home, can we make it from
                   a screen that everybody is ignoring and walking by to an engagement screen
                   with the mobile phone where you actually drive a conversion or drive a
                   footfall that can be tracked or measured.

                   Only to that extent, we are interested in making sure that we don't lose our
                   consumers' journey. As long as they have their mobile phone with them, any
                   other connected device that they come in proximity with, we should have an
                   ability to drive the probability of conversion of that consumer for that
                   advertiser.

                   As a consumer-centric platform, we are saying we are going to go where the
                   consumer goes, and therefore, these devices become important only in that
                   context. Digital out-of-home will be a small part, but it could be an
                   interesting one to do what we call as driving retail online to offline footfall.
                   Then there are many advertisers who are absolutely keen to do that,
                   especially for the high lifetime value users, like those users who would buy
                   from the brand online and also when they see a store, they want to walk in
                   there. Those are the kind of lifetime value users that we are converting for

                                            25

===== PDF PAGE 27 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     our advertisers. In that context, digital out-of-home fits in, but it's not the
                     emphasis point.

Moderator:           Next question is from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark.

Arun Prasath:        Anuj, my one question is on your LTV. You spoke about how LTV is what is
                     important for us to track. In an inflationary scenario, does your customers'
                     LTV also goes up in line with the inflation? Or does it track higher than the
                     inflation? If so, does eventually the Customer Acquisition Cost (CAC) budget
                     also catches up with the revised LTV and which may potentially benefit us if
                     the inflation remains higher in the longer run?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   That's a deep and a broad-based question on economics across various
                     industry verticals that Affle is deeply focused on. The short answer is that as
                     the GDP or the disposable income of the consumers go up, I believe their
                     ability to spend that on the advertisers' goods and services broadly should go
                     up, right?

                     Inflation actually makes things expensive for the consumer and that
                     potentially could impact their disposable income. But in growing economies
                     over a long period of time, one would expect that the purchasing power is
                     improving. As the economy grows, we would see that the CPCU rates would
                     grow.

                     That's what we have seen at least in the last 10 years. Across industry
                     verticals, we are seeing in the CPCU part of the ecosystem, we're able to
                     grow our volume of business and we're also able to increase our pricing. That's
                     why we are in a privileged position as a business.

                     When I talk about LTV, I'm just saying that not all consumer conversions are
                     the same. So, my dad’s is driver in Lucknow may also be using an old version
                     of his iPhone and my dad is also using an iPhone, but let's say, from the same
                     car from the same destination, 2 people are ordering food online. I would
                     believe that probably the value of my dad's conversion would be much higher
                     for our advertisers than his driver's conversion. That's the distinction we're
                     making. How can we go and drive more premium, higher lifetime value
                     conversions for advertisers and tell them that when you work with Affle, you
                     are working with a premium platform whose algorithm is trained to find the
                     highest ROI for you in driving conversions.

                     That's what we are trying to aspire towards and consistently pushing for and
                     that fundamentally will move the CPCU much higher and the margin profile

                                              26

===== PDF PAGE 28 =====
Affle 3i Limited
May 11, 2026

                     much higher over time. That's the kind of audience and advertiser intel that
                     we are verticalizing for, that we are investing in, which is what I was talking
                     earlier when they say, hey, your gross margin is being invested into data and
                     inventory cost. I said, absolutely because we are verticalizing towards
                     premium inventories and driving towards that greater possibility ahead.

Arun Prasath:        No, I understand that, Anuj, what I'm asking is, while, of course, we are
                     moving up the ladder from lower LTV to higher LTV customers. What I'm
                     asking is the LTV at each corporate level also goes up once the inflation
                     settles at a higher level. That is the clarification I would like to see?

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   I wish I could answer it linked to inflation but I would basically say that the
                     last 10 years trend is showing that the CPCU rate is going up and I think that
                     is just simply a function of how the economy is growing and how the consumer
                     spending power is growing.

Kapil Bhutani:       Just a very brief answer on this, Arun. We model at 2% long-term average
                     inflation rates as we do our long-term planning. Inflation definitely is there
                     in the economies across geographies. On an average, we built in about 2%
                     inflation on a CAGR basis or on a long-term basis. Some years, it will be high
                     and some years will be down, right? So it's a function of normal economics
                     being put into the business planning. I hope that answers your question in a
                     crisp way.

Moderator:           Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now
                     like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.

Anuj Khanna Sohum:   Well, thank you very much for being on the call today, and we look forward
                     to a very strong performance going forward into FY2027. The tailwinds are
                     strong, the foundation is strong and we are optimistic and bullish on how we
                     will navigate all the challenges ahead, both organically as well as
                     inorganically. We're looking forward to a fantastic year. Thank you.

Moderator:           Thank you. Thank you very much. On behalf of Ambit Capital, that concludes
                     this conference. Thank you all for joining us today, and you may now
                     disconnect your lines.


                                           *** end ***




                                               27

===== PDF PAGE 29 =====

