[page 1]
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 30.04.2026 
 
The Manager, Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, C - 1, Block G, 
Bandra –Kurla Complex, Bandra(East), 
Mumbai– 400051 MH IN 
Script Code – MMP 
 
Sub:  Disclosure of Credit Rating of company as per  SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find enclosed herewith Credit Rating of our company as per SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Sincerely, 
For MMP Industries Limited      
 
 
 
 
Madhura Singh 
CS & Compliance Officer 
Add: Nagpur 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MADHUR
A ALOK 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by MADHURA 
ALOK SINGH 
Date: 2026.04.30 
12:13:16 +05'30'
[page 2]
Rating RationaleApril 27, 2026 | Mumbai
 
MMP Industries LimitedRatings migrated to 'Crisil BBB+ / Stable / Crisil A2 '; Rated amount enhanced for Bank Debt
 
Rating Action
Total Bank Loan Facilities Rated Rs.135 Crore (Enhanced from Rs.80 Crore)
Long Term Rating Crisil BBB+/Stable (Migrated from 'Crisil BBB+/Stable
ISSUER NOT COOPERATING'*)
Short Term Rating Crisil A2 (Migrated from 'Crisil A2 ISSUER NOT
COOPERATING*')
Note: None of the Directors on Crisil Ratings Limited’s Board are members of rating committee and thus do not participate in discussion or assignment of any
ratings. The Board of Directors also does not discuss any ratings at its meetings.
1 crore = 10 million
Refer to Annexure for Details of Instruments & Bank Facilities
*Issuer did not cooperate; based on best-available information
 
Detailed rationale
Due to inadequate information and in line with the Securities and Exchange Board of India guidelines, Crisil Ratings had
migrated the ratings on the bank facilities of MMP Industries Ltd (MMPIL; part of the MMPIL group) to ‘Crisil
BBB+/Stable/Crisil A2 Issuer Not Cooperating'. However, the company’s management has subsequently shared the
information necessary for a comprehensive review of the ratings. Consequently, Crisil Ratings is migrating the ratings to
‘Crisil BBB+/Stable/Crisil A2’.
 
The ratings reflect the established position of the group and the extensive experience of the promoters in the aluminium
powder products industry, an established clientele, efficient working capital management and a healthy financial
risk profile. These strengths are partially offset by vulnerability to volatility in raw material prices.
Analytical approach
Crisil Ratings has combined the business and financial risk profiles of MMPIL and its subsidiaries. This is because these
entities, collectively referred to as the MMPIL group, are strategically important to, and have significant operational linkages
with, MMPIL.
 Please refer Annexure - List of entities consolidated, which captures the list of entities considered and their analytical treatment of consolidation
Key rating drivers - Strengths
Established market position and healthy clientele: The group has diversified presence in aluminium powder, aluminium
foils and conductor cables, a n d  an established clientele consisting of UltraTech Cement Ltd, Shree Cement L t d, Torrent
Pharmaceuticals Ltd and Cadila Pharmaceuticals L t d. Owing to diversified presence and well-established clientele,
operating income is estimated to have grown by around 20% on-year in fiscal 2026 from Rs 691 crore in fiscal 2025.
 
Extensive experience of the promoters: The promoters have been in the aluminium powder products industry for
over three decades. Arun Bhandari, the key promoter, is a chemical engineer and has significant technical expertise and
capabilities. Over the years, the promoters have upgraded technology through continuous research and development and
leveraged this to build a strong clientele.
 
Efficient working capital management: The working capital cycle is managed efficiently, as reflected in gross current
assets (GCAs) of around 126 days as on March 31, 2025, as against 109 days a year earlier. The GCAs are estimated to
[page 3]
have increased slightly as on March 31, 2026. While receivables were small at 48 days as on March 31,
2025, inventory was large at 78 days. The GCAs are likely to improve over the medium term.
 
Healthy financial risk profile: Capital structure is supported by healthy networth and low total outside liabilities to adjusted
networth ratio of Rs 323 crore and 0.70 time, respectively, as on March 31, 2025, which are estimated at similar levels as on
March 31, 2026. Debt protection metrics were comfortable, as reflected in interest coverage and net cash accrual to
adjusted debt ratios of 6.78 times and 0.28 time, respectively, in fiscal 2025 and are estimated to be slightly lower in fiscal
2026 owing to increase in finance cost. The group has planned solar expansion which will cut energy cost and boost the
operating margin, which will be partially funded. Furthermore, it is expected to enhance its cable range to include low
tension (LT) power in phases i n  the subsidiary, MMP Cables Pvt Ltd, which will entail capital expenditure (capex) of Rs
85-90 crore over the next 2-3 years. The first investment of Rs 40 crore will be made in fiscals 2027 and 2028, which will be
partly debt-funded. The financial risk profile will likely remain healthy over the medium term despite debt-funded capex over
the medium term.
Key rating drivers - Weaknesses
Vulnerability to volatility in raw material prices: Cost of raw material, such as aluminium ingots and foils, accounts for
75-80% of sales; the prices of raw materials are volatile and governed by demand-supply dynamics. The group is able to
pass on increase in prices with lag of 3-4 months. The operating margin was 6.55-9.29% over the three fiscals through 2025
and is estimated to be slightly lower in fiscal 2026 from fiscal 2025 level owing to higher input costs, direct and indirect costs
from the fire incident resulting in extraordinary expenses of Rs 17.3 crore, and higher operational costs in the subsidiary
MMP Electricals Ltd owing to initial years of operation. The operating margin is likely to improve over the medium term with
higher capacity utilisation and backward integration in wire rod manufacturing, which is expected to lower external
dependence and ensure stable supply chain. Improvement in the operating margin over the medium term w i l l  remain
monitorable.
Liquidity Adequate
Expected cash accrual of Rs 31-50 crore per fiscal will comfortably cover yearly debt obligation of Rs 8-15 crore over the
medium term. Fund-based bank limit was utilised 89% on average during the 12 months through March 2026. Current ratio
was healthy at 1.38 times as on March 31, 2025. Cash and bank balance was Rs 10.95 crore as on that date.
Outlook Stable
Crisil Ratings believes MMPIL will continue to benefit from its established market position and the extensive experience of
the promoters.
Rating sensitivity factors
Upward factors:
Steady growth in revenue, backed by volume growth, and stable operating margin leading to cash accrual above
Rs 40 crore
Sustained working capital cycle and financial risk profile 
 
Downward factors:
Decline in volume sales leading to fall in revenue or operating margin, resulting in net cash accrual of less
than Rs 20 crore
Stretched working capital cycle or any large, debt-funded capex weakening the financial risk profile and liquidity
About the group
MMPIL was incorporated in 1984 by Arun Bhandari and P M Lodha. Based in Nagpur, Maharashtra, the company
manufactures aluminium-based products such as pyro and flake aluminum powder, atomised aluminium powder, aluminium
paste and aluminium conductors. It is listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
 
MMP Electricals Pvt Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary, manufactures composite insulators. It started commercial production in
phase 1 in fiscal 2026.
 
MMP Cables Pvt Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary. It is setting up a greenfield low voltage power cable and covered
conductor facility at Umred MIDC.
 
MMP Alutech Pvt Ltd is wholly owned subsidiary and has no operations as on date.
Key financial indicators - Consolidated
As on / for the period ended March 31 Unit Dec 2025 2025 2024
Operating income Rs crore 575.8 691.86 579.23
Reported profit after tax (PAT) Rs crore 13.02 38.78 31.54
[page 4]
PAT margin % 2.3 5.60 5.45
Adjusted debt / adjusted networth Times NA 0.49 0.33
Interest coverage Times 5.31 6.78 7.98
Crisil Ratings Adjusted figures
Any other information: Not Applicable
Note on complexity levels of the rated instrument:
Crisil Ratings` complexity levels are assigned to various types of financial instruments and are included (where applicable)
in the 'Annexure - Details of Instrument' in this Rating Rationale.
Crisil Ratings will disclose complexity level for all securities - including those that are yet to be placed - based on available
information. The complexity level for instruments may be updated, where required, in the rating rationale published
subsequent to the issuance of the instrument when details on such features are available.
For more details on the Crisil Ratings` complexity levels please visit www.crisilratings.com. Users may also call the
Customer Service Helpdesk with queries on specific instruments.
Annexure - Details of Instrument(s)
ISINName Of
Instrument
Date Of
Allotment
Coupon
Rate (%)
Maturity
Date
Issue Size
(Rs.Crore)
Complexity
Levels
Rating Outstanding
with Outlook
NACash CreditNA NA NA 124.00 NA Crisil BBB+/Stable
NA Letter of
Credit NA NA NA 8.00 NA Crisil A2
NATerm LoanNA NA 31-Mar-
28 3.00 NA Crisil BBB+/Stable
Annexure – List of Entities Consolidated
Names of Entities ConsolidatedExtent of ConsolidationRationale for Consolidation
MMP Industries Ltd NA Holding company
MMP Electricals Pvt Ltd Full Wholly owned subsidiary
MMP Cables Pvt Ltd Full Wholly owned subsidiary
MMP Alutech Pvt Ltd Full Wholly owned subsidiary
Annexure - Rating History for last 3 Years
 Current 2026
(History) 2025 2024 2023 Start of 2023
InstrumentTypeOutstanding
Amount RatingDateRatingDate Rating Date Rating Date Rating Rating
Fund
Based
Facilities
LT 127.0 Crisil
BBB+/Stable --23-12-25
Crisil BBB+
/Stable(Issuer
Not
Cooperating)*
05-01-24
Crisil
BBB+/Stable
/ Crisil A2
11-05-23
Crisil
BBB+/Stable
/ Crisil A2
Crisil
BBB+/Stable
/ Crisil A2
   --  --22-07-25Crisil
BBB+/Stable --  -- --
   --  --23-04-25
Crisil
BBB+/Watch
Developing
 --  -- --
   --  --03-04-25Crisil
BBB+/Positive --  -- --
Non-Fund
Based
Facilities
ST 8.0 Crisil A2 --23-12-25
Crisil A2
(Issuer Not
Cooperating)*
05-01-24Crisil A211-05-23Crisil A2Crisil A2
[page 5]
   --  --22-07-25Crisil A2  --  -- --
   --  --23-04-25
Crisil
A2/Watch
Developing
 --  -- --
   --  --03-04-25Crisil A2  --  -- --
All amounts are in Rs.Cr.
* - Issuer did not cooperate; based on best-available information
Annexure - Details of Bank Lenders & Facilities
Facility Amount (Rs.Crore) Name of Lender Rating
Cash Credit 76.5 Axis Bank LimitedCrisil BBB+/Stable
Cash Credit 3.5 Citi Bank Crisil BBB+/Stable
Cash Credit 21.5 Citi Bank Crisil BBB+/Stable
Cash Credit 22.5 Kotak Mahindra Bank
Limited Crisil BBB+/Stable
Letter of Credit 8 Axis Bank Limited Crisil A2
Term Loan 3 Axis Bank LimitedCrisil BBB+/Stable
Annexure: List of instruments and names of regulators of the instruments
As required by SEBI CRA Circular dated Feb 10, 2026, a list of activities or instruments falling under the purview of various
FSRs, along with the names of respective FSRs, is being disclosed below:
 
A. Rating activities  
Sr. No.Instrument / activity Name Regulator of the
instruments
1 Listed/Proposed to be listed bonds/debentures/preference share (all
securities) SEBI
2 Unlisted/Proposed to be unlisted Bonds/Debentures/ Preference share (all
securities) MCA
3 Listed PTCs / Securitisation Notes (originated by entities regulated by RBI)*SEBI
4 Listed PTCs / Securitisation Notes (originated by entities not regulated by
RBI)* SEBI
5 Unlisted PTCs / Securitisation Notes (originated by entities regulated by RBI)*RBI
6 Listed Commercial Paper and NCDs with original maturity less than 1 yearRBI
7 Unlisted Commercial Paper and NCDs with original maturity less than 1 yearRBI
8 Loan Facilities (Fund/Non-Fund Based) from Bank/NBFCs/NHB/FIs  ^ RBI
9 External Commercial Borrowings and other similar borrowings RBI
10Certificates of Deposit RBI
11Fixed Deposits raised by NBFC's, Banks, HFCs, Fis RBI
12Fixed Deposits raised by corporates other than NBFCs, Banks, HFCs, FIsMCA
13Inter Corporate Deposits/Loans extended by Corporates MCA
14Borrowing programme ~ -
15Issuer Ratings # -
16Credit Ratings for Capital Protection Oriented Schemes (by Mutal Funds and
AIFs) SEBI
17Credit quality ratings (CQRs) for Mutual Fund Schemes and Schemes of AIFsSEBI
18Listed Security Receipts SEBI
19Unlisted Security Receipts RBI
20Independent Credit Evaluation (ICE) RBI
21Expected Loss Ratings (for Loan Facilities (Fund/Non-Fund Based) from
Bank/NBFCs/NHB/Fis) RBI
22Expected Loss Ratings (Listed/Proposed to be listed
bonds/debentures/preference share (all securities)) SEBI
23Expected Loss Ratings (Unlisted/Proposed to be unlisted Bonds/Debentures/
Preference share (all securities)) MCA
[page 6]
24Unlisted PTCs / Securitisation Notes (originated by entities not regulated by
RBI) *
Investor-side regulator such
as IRDAI, PFRDA @* Includes securitisation transactions involving assignee payout, acquirer's payout.
~ The rated instrument may involve issuance of different instruments such as debt securities (listed or otherwise), bank loans,
commercial paper (listed or otherwise), etc. The regulator of the instrument may accordingly be SEBI, RBI or MCA and can only be
determined upon issuance. In PRs subsequent to issuance(s), Crisil Ratings Limited shall separately capture the rated quantum details
along with names of respective regulators.
^ Includes bank facilities such as liquidity facility, second loss facility that are part of securitisation transactions.
# There is no instrument being rated and hence, Regulator of the Instrument is not applicable. The rating scale and definitions are being
followed as stipulated in SEBI Master Circular for CRAs.
@ These ratings were assigned during regulatory regime prior to introduction of SEBI CRA Circular dated Feb 10, 2026 and the investor
side regulators have accordingly been included.
 
Note:  Kindly note that for activities or instruments falling under the purview of FSRs other than SEBI, the grievance/dispute redressal
mechanisms and investor protection mechanisms provided by SEBI shall not be available.
Criteria Details
Links to related criteria
Basics of Ratings (including default recognition, assessing information adequacy)
Criteria for consolidation
Criteria for manufacturing, trading and corporate services sector (including approach for financial ratios)
Media Relations Analytical Contacts Customer Service Helpdesk
Ramkumar Uppara
Media Relations
Crisil Limited
M: +91 98201 77907
B: +91 22 6137 3000
ramkumar.uppara@crisil.com
Kartik Behl
Media Relations
Crisil Limited
M: +91 90043 33899
B: +91 22 6137 3000
kartik.behl@crisil.com
Divya Pillai
Media Relations
Crisil Limited
M: +91 86573 53090
B: +91 22 6137 3000
divya.pillai1@ext-crisil.com
Himank Sharma
Director
Crisil Ratings Limited
D:+91 124 672 2152
himank.sharma@crisil.com
Ankita Gupta
Associate Director
Crisil Ratings Limited
B:+91 22 6137 3000
ankita.gupta@crisil.com
Vishnu Patel
Senior Rating Analyst
Crisil Ratings Limited
B:+91 20 4018 1900
vishnu.patel@crisil.com
For Analytical queries
Toll Free Number: 1800 266 6550
ratingsinvestordesk@crisil.com
Timings: 10.00 am to 7.00 pm
Toll Free Number: 1800 267 3850
For a copy of Rationales / Rating Reports:
CRISILratingdesk@crisil.com
 
 
[page 7]
Note for Media:
This rating rationale is transmitted to you for the sole purpose of dissemination through your newspaper/magazine/agency. The rating rationale may be
used by you in full or in part without changing the meaning or context thereof but with due credit to Crisil Ratings. However, Crisil Ratings alone has the
sole right of distribution (whether directly or indirectly) of its rationales for consideration or otherwise through any media including websites and portals.
About Crisil Ratings Limited (A subsidiary of Crisil Limited, an S&P Global Company)
Crisil Ratings pioneered the concept of credit rating in India in 1987. With a tradition of independence, analytical rigour and
innovation, we set the standards in the credit rating business. We rate the entire range of debt instruments, such as bank loans,
certificates of deposit, commercial paper, non-convertible/convertible/partially convertible bonds and debentures, perpetual
bonds, bank hybrid capital instruments, asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities, partial guarantees and other structured
debt instruments. We have rated over 33,000 large and mid-scale corporates and financial institutions. We have also instituted
several innovations in India in the rating business, including ratings for municipal bonds, partially guaranteed instruments and
infrastructure investment trusts (InvITs).
Crisil Ratings Limited ('Crisil Ratings') is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crisil Limited ('Crisil'). Crisil Ratings Limited is registered in
India as a credit rating agency with the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI").
For more information, visit www.crisilratings.com
About Crisil Limited
Crisil is a leading, agile and innovative global analytics company driven by its mission of making markets function better. 
It is India’s foremost provider of ratings, data, research, analytics and solutions with a strong track record of growth, culture of
innovation, and global footprint.
It has delivered independent opinions, actionable insights, and efficient solutions to over 100,000 customers through businesses
that operate from India, the US, the UK, Argentina, Poland, China, Hong Kong and Singapore.
It is majority owned by S&P Global Inc, a leading provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks, analytics and
data to the capital and commodity markets worldwide.
For more information, visit www.crisil.com
Connect with us: TWITTER | LINKEDIN | YOUTUBE | FACEBOOK
CRISIL PRIVACY NOTICE
Crisil respects your privacy. We may use your contact information, such as your name, address and email id to fulfil your request and service your
account and to provide you with additional information from Crisil. For further information on Crisil's privacy policy please visit www.crisil.com.
DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is part of and applies to each credit rating report and/or credit rating rationale ('report') provided by Crisil Ratings
Limited ('Crisil Ratings'). For the avoidance of doubt, the term 'report' includes the information, ratings and other content forming
part of the report. The report is intended for use only within the jurisdiction of India. This report does not constitute an offer of
services. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, nothing in the report is to be construed as Crisil Ratings provision or
intention to provide any services in jurisdictions where Crisil Ratings does not have the necessary licenses and/or registration to
carry out its business activities. Access or use of this report does not create a client relationship between Crisil Ratings and the
user.
The report is a statement of opinion as on the date it is expressed, and it is not intended to and does not constitute investment
advice within meaning of any laws or regulations (including US laws and regulations). The report is not an offer to sell or an offer
to purchase or subscribe to any investment in any securities, instruments, facilities or solicitation of any kind to enter into any
deal or transaction with the entity to which the report pertains. The recipients of the report should rely on their own judgment and
take their own professional advice before acting on the report in any way.
[page 8]
Crisil Ratings’ products / activities or ratings of instruments other than ‘securities that are listed or proposed to be listed’ may fall
under the purview of financial sector regulators (FSRs) other than SEBI. In respect of such products / activities or ratings (under
the purview of other FSRs such as Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), Insurance Regulatory and
Development Authority of India (IRDAI), among others), the grievance / dispute redressal and investor protection mechanisms
available under SEBI regulations shall not be applicable.
 
A list of products/activities or ratings of instruments falling under the purview of various FSRs along with the names of respective
FSRs has been duly disclosed by Crisil Ratings on its website. A link to the same has been provided below for ready reference:
https://www.crisilratings.com/en/home/our-business/ratings/regulatory-disclosures/list-of-activities-instruments-and-names-of-
regulators.html
Crisil Ratings and its associates do not act as a fiduciary. The report is based on the information believed to be reliable as of the
date it is published, Crisil Ratings does not perform an audit or undertake due diligence or independent verification of any
information it receives and/or relies on for preparation of the report. THE REPORT IS PROVIDED ON “AS IS” BASIS. TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, CRISIL RATINGS DISCLAIMS WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, ERROR-FREE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, NON-INTERRUPTION, SATISFACTORY QUALITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR INTENDED USAGE. In no event shall Crisil Ratings, its associates, third-party
providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents be liable to any party for any direct, indirect,
incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees or losses
(including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs) in connection with any use of any part of the report
even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
The report is confidential information of Crisil Ratings and Crisil Ratings reserves all rights, titles and interest in the rating report.
The report shall not be altered, disseminated, distributed, redistributed, licensed, sub-licensed, sold, assigned or published any
content thereof or offer access to any third party without prior written consent of Crisil Ratings.
Crisil Ratings or its associates may have other commercial transactions with the entity to which the report pertains or its
associates. Ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by Crisil Ratings. Crisil Ratings may receive compensation
for its ratings and certain credit-related analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of the instruments, facilities, securities or
from obligors.
Crisil Ratings has in place a ratings code of conduct and policies for managing conflict of interest. For more detail, please refer
to: https://www.crisilratings.com/en/home/our-businesses/ratings/regulatory-disclosures/highlighted-policies.html. Public ratings
and analysis by Crisil Ratings, as are required to be disclosed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India regulations
(and other applicable regulations, if any), are made available on its websites, www.crisilratings.com a n d
https://www.ratingsanalytica.com (free of charge). Crisil Ratings shall not have the obligation to update the information in the
Crisil Ratings report following its publication although Crisil Ratings may disseminate its opinion and/or analysis. Reports with
more detail and additional information may be available for subscription at a fee.  Rating criteria by Crisil Ratings are available on
the Crisil Ratings website, www.crisilratings.com. For the latest rating information on any company rated by Crisil Ratings, you
may contact the Crisil Ratings desk at crisilratingdesk@crisil.com, or at (0091) 1800 267 3850.
Crisil Ratings shall have no liability, whatsoever, with respect to any copies, modifications, derivative works, compilations or
extractions of any part of this [report/ work products], by any person, including by use of any generative artificial intelligence or
other artificial intelligence and machine learning models, algorithms, software, or other tools. Crisil Ratings takes no
responsibility for such unauthorized copies, modifications, derivative works, compilations or extractions of its [report/ work
products] and shall not be held liable for any errors, omissions of inaccuracies in such copies, modifications, derivative works,
compilations or extractions. Such acts will also be in breach of Crisil Ratings’ intellectual property rights or contrary to the laws of
India and Crisil Ratings shall have the right to take appropriate actions, including legal actions against any such breach.
Crisil Ratings uses the prefix 'PP-MLD' for the ratings of principal-protected market-linked debentures (PPMLD) with effect from
November 1, 2011, to comply with the SEBI circular, "Guidelines for Issue and Listing of Structured Products/Market Linked
Debentures". The revision in rating symbols for PPMLDs should not be construed as a change in the rating of the subject
instrument. For details on Crisil Ratings' use of 'PP-MLD' please refer to the notes to Rating scale for Debt Instruments and
Structured Finance Instruments at the following link: https://www.crisilratings.com/en/home/our-business/ratings/credit-
ratings-scale.html
 
