[[PAGE 1]]
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LTD.,    
Regd. Office: No. 19, 2nd Main Road, Peenya 1st Stage, Phase -1, Peenya, Bengaluru, Karnataka, 560058 
T+91 80 2839 7256, F +91 80 2839 6727; Email Id: investors@kirloskarelectric.com 
Customer care No. : 1800 102 8268, website: www.kirloskarelectric.com 
CIN: L31100KA1946PLC000415 
Sect./20/2025-26 
August 21, 2025 
 
To, 
The Manager,  
Corporate Relationship Department,  
BSE Limited, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip: 533193; ISIN: INE134B01017 
The Manager,  
The Listing Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
C-1, Block ‘G’, 5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051. 
Symbol: KECL; ISIN: INE134B01017; 
 
Dear Sir / Ma’am,  
 
Sub: Submission of the 78th Annual Report under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’); 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the Listing Regulations, as amended from tim e to time, we forward 
herewith the 78 th Annual Report of the Company for financial year 2024-25. The 78 th Annual General 
Meeting of the Company will be held on Tuesday, the 16th day of September 2025 at 11.00 AM  through 
Video Conference (VC) / Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM).  
 
Further in terms of regulation 36 of the listing regulations, the 78 th Annual Report for the FY 2024-25 has 
been sent through electronic mode to the shareholders of the Company who have registered their email 
address with the Company or with the depository. A letter providing the web-link, in cluding the exact 
path, where complete details of the 78 th Annual Report is available will also be sent to those 
shareholder(s) who have not so registered.  
 
The 78th Annual Report is also available on the website of the Company at www.kirloskarelectric.com. 
 
It is requested that the above may please be taken on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully  
For Kirloskar Electric Company Limited  
 
 
 
Mahabaleshwar Bhat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
[[PAGE 2]]
2024-25
[[PAGE 3]]
250kw, 440V, 6P, SCXF355XV – LV Motor
900kw, 750V, 110/230RPM, KLDC 3157 – DC Motor
[[PAGE 4]]
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
COMPANY SECRETARY AND
COMPLIANCE OFFICER
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar Shivappa
Mr. Mahabaleshwar Bhat
AUDITORS K N Prabhashankar & Co.,
BANKERS Bank of India
State Bank of India
Dubai Islamic Bank, UAE
REGISTERED OFFICE &
FACTORIES LOCATION
  
 
 
 
Information for Members:
th78  Annual General Meeting (AGM)
Date  : September 16, 2025
Day   :  Tuesday
Time  : 11.00 AM
Mode  :       Video Conferencing
investors@kirloskarelectric.com
www.kirloskarelectric.com
No. 19, 2  Main Road, Peenya 1  Stage,
nd st
Phase - I, Peenya, Bangalore – 560 058
CIN: L31100KA1946PLC000415
Ph no. 080-28397256; Fax no. 080-28396727
Email:
Website: 
Govenahalli, Nelamangala - Bengaluru;
Gokul Road, Hubballi;
Belwadi industrial area, Mysore;
Hirehalli village, Tumkur;
Kondhapuri, Pune.
CONTACT DETAILS
BOARD OF DIRECTORS Mr. Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar
Mrs. Meena Kirloskar 
Mr. Anand Balaramacharya Hunnur
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar Shivappa
Dr. Ashok Misra
Mr. Ravi Ghai
Mr. Suresh Kumar
Mr. K N Shanth Kumar
Ms. Rukmini Kirloskar
Mr. Mohammed Saad Bin Jung
Dr. Pangal Ranganath Nayak
Mr. Satyanarayan Agarwal
Mr. Anil Kumar Bhandari
Mr. Kamlesh Suresh Gandhi                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
- Executive Chairman
- Vice Chairperson & Non Executive Director
- Managing Director
- Director (Finance) & Chief Financial Oﬃcer
- Independent Director
- Independent Director
- Independent Director
- Independent Director (w.e.f May 23, 2024)
- Non Executive Director  (w.e.f May 23, 2024)
- Independent Director (w.e.f. August 06, 2024)
- Independent Director (w.e.f. August 06, 2024)
- Independent Director (upto September 20, 2024)
- Independent Director (upto September 20, 2024)
- Independent Director (upto September 20, 2024) 
3
[[PAGE 5]]
CONTENTS
Particulars Page Nos.
Chairman’s message 5
th
Notice of 78  Annual General Meeting 6
Board’s report 22
Annexures to Board’s report 29
Corporate governance report 41
Standalone audit report 58
-     Balance sheet 
-     Statement of proﬁt and loss 
66
-     Cash ﬂow statements
68
-     Notes to the ﬁnancial Statements 
70
Consolidated audit report
72
Consolidated ﬁnancial statements
Subsidiaries ﬁnancial statements:
 - KELBUZZ Trading Private Limited
 - Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited
 - SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited
 - SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited
 
Kirsons B V 
104
110
148
165
181
Standalone Financial Statement:
198
213
4
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 6]]
Dear Shareholders,
th
On behalf of our Board of Directors, I am delighted to present the 78  Annual Report of Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (“KECL”) 
for the Financial Year 2024-25. This past year has been one of significant transformation, highlighting our resilience and adaptability. 
With robust policies, a thriving domestic market, we are well positioned to fuel India's industrial growth. The Indian electrical industry 
continues its impressive growth, significantly bolstered by the 'Make in India' and 'Atmanirbhar Bharat' initiatives. We've seen a surge 
in demand across manufacturing, infrastructure, power generation, transformers, motors and automotive sectors. Market 
projections indicate sustained expansion, reflecting India's rapid industrialization and the government's drive for a self-reliance. 
Despite various challenges, we've found significant opportunities, particularly in construction, automotive, infrastructure, steel, 
sugar, cement and power generation sectors. 
Your Company has navigated a dynamic FY 2024-25, which, while presenting a temporary dip in revenue and profitability, has laid 
crucial groundwork for future resilience. We remain steadfast in our commitment to strengthening our financial foundation, actively 
addressing challenges like net worth improvement and liquidity optimization. This year stands out not only for our better financial 
performance but also for the significant strategic progress we've made across all our markets, product categories, and geographical 
regions. The strategic efforts undertaken during this period, alongside our proven expertise in a competitive market and proactive 
measures to mitigate raw material volatility, position us strongly. Over the last year, we've faced significant challenges, including 
unstable commodity prices, geopolitical turmoil, environmental issues, and unpredictable demand. While these factors have tested 
industries worldwide, they've also created opportunities for developing innovative business models and product offerings. 
Further, from our perspective India's booming solar sector presents a significant growth avenue. The rapid expansion, driven by 
strong government backing and falling costs, creates substantial demand for our core products in solar power generation, 
distribution, and storage. 
Some of the key achievements during the year were the successful supply of transformers to Shaheed Lakhan Nayak Hydro Electric 
Power Plant, various Water Supply Boards across India, Boghapuram Air Port, Kalisindh Project, Seamless Steel Pipes Project and 
Solar Projects & also Hydro Power Projects. 
The way forward for us is rooted in leveraging our deep-seated expertise and diversified portfolio to capitalize on India's industrial 
growth and energy transition. We are strategically focused on strengthening our financial health by optimizing operational 
efficiencies, actively managing our working capital and improve our net worth. By reinforcing our long-standing customer 
relationships and extending our reach, we are confident in our ability to navigate market challenges, deliver innovative solutions, and 
achieve sustainable profitability. 
We are dedicated to building a prosperous future, upholding the core values established by our founders. We firmly believe in 
responsible business practices encompassing environmental stewardship, social responsibility, and strong governance, aiming to 
create a positive impact for our communities, employees, customers, and the environment.
I remain confident in our ability to emerge stronger and deliver long-term value to all stakeholders. This confidence stems from the 
dedication, passion, and talent of our people, who are at the heart of our success. Thank you for your continued trust, support, and 
belief in our journey.
In closing, I extend my sincere gratitude to all our stakeholders, our esteemed bankers, suppliers, customers, dealers, channel 
partners, service providers, shareholders, employees, and board members for their unwavering support and faith. With our 
combined efforts, I have no doubt that we will continue to break records, surpass goals, and leave an enduring legacy.
Thank you again for your support and confidence.
5
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
                                                                                                                                      Sd/-
Vijay R. Kirloskar
Executive Chairman
[[PAGE 7]]
NOTICE OF 7  ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
th
8
NOTICE the SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL is hereby given that 
GENERAL MEETING (AGM)  KIRLOSKAR  of the members of
ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED will be held on Tuesday, the 
th
16  day of September, 2025 at 11.00 A.M through Video 
Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means to transact the 
following businesses:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. To receive, consider and adopt:
 a) the audited standalone financial statement of th e 
Company for the year ended March 31, 2025 together 
with the reports of the Board of Directors and Auditor's 
thereon; and 
 b) the audited consolidated financial statement of the 
Company for the financial year ended March 31, 202  5
and the report of Auditors’ thereon and in this regard, to 
consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolutions as 'Ordinary Resolutions':
 “RESOLVED THAT (a) the audited standalone financial 
statement of the Company for the financial year ended 
March 31, 202  and the reports of the Board of irectors 5 D
and Auditors' thereon, as circulated to the members be 
and are hereby considered and adopted.”
  “RESOLVED THAT(b)  the audited consolidated financial 
statement of the Company for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2025 and the report of the Auditors' thereon, 
as circulated to the members, be and are hereby 
considered and adopted.”
2. To appoint a director in place of Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar 
(DIN:00031253), who retires by rotation and being 
eligible, offers himself for re-appointment and in this 
regard to consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution as an 'Ordinary Resolution':
 “RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of 
section 152 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar (DIN: 
00031253), Executive Chairman (Whole-time Director), 
who retires by rotation at this meeting and being eligible, has 
offered himself for reappointment, be and is hereby 
appointed as Director of the Company.'' 
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
3. To re-appoint Mr. Anand Balaramacharya Hunnur (DIN: 
06650798) as Managing Director of the Company and to 
consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as a 'Special Resolution'.
  in terms of the provisions of Sections “RESOLVED THAT
196, 197, 200 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013, rules framed thereunder and 
Schedule V, as amended and the applicable provisions of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time 
being in force), the provisions of the Articles of Association 
of the Company, based on the recommendations of 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee ('NRC') and 
the Board of Directors, approval of members be and is 
hereby accorded to the reappointment, including the 
terms of reappointment, of Mr. Anand Balaramacharya 
Hunnur (DIN: 06650798), as Managing Director of the 
Company for a period of three (03) years with a 
remuneration of ₹ 2,25,00,000/- (Rupees Two Crore 
Twenty Five Lakhs only) per annum effective from July 
12, 2025 with the remuneration details as set out 
hereunder:
 (a) Salary:  
  ₹ 43,50,000/- (Rupees Forty Three Lakhs Fifty 
Thousand only) per annum with such increments 
each year, as may be decided by the NRC and/or the 
Board of Directors, based on merit and taking into 
account the Company's performance for the year;
 (b) Perquisites and allowances:
 The Managing Director shall be entitled to perquisites 
and allowances like rent free accommodation 
(including maintenance fee) or house rent allowance 
in lieu thereof, special allowances, car allowance, 
performance incentive, reimbursement of water 
expenses, gas and electricity bills at residence and 
medical expenses for self and his family and all other 
payments in the nature of perquisites and allowances 
subject to ceiling of ₹ 1,67,66,265/- (Rupees One 
Crore Sixty Seven Lakhs Sixty Six Thousand Two 
Hundred and Sixty Five Only) per annum which shall 
also include premium payable towards medi-claim 
and personal accident insurance as per the policies 
of the Company and with such increments each year, 
as may be decided by the NRC and/or the Board of 
Directors, based on merit and taking into account the 
Company's performance for the year;
 Explanation
 For the purpose of calculating the above ceiling, 
perquisites shall be evaluated as per the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013, Rules made thereunder 
and as per the provisions of the Income tax Act, 1961 
and Rules made thereunder. In the absence of any 
such rule, perquisites shall be evaluated at actual 
cost.
  “Family” shall have the same meaning as defined 
under Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013.
  Use of ompany's car for official purposes and C
telephone at residence and cell phone (including 
payment for local calls and long distance official calls) 
shall not be included in the computation of perquisites 
for the purpose of calculating the said ceiling.
  Apart from the reimbursement of ordinary medical 
expenses, in case of hospitalization of the Managing 
Director, the Board of directors shall have the 
discretion to reimburse the actual expenses incurred 
6
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 8]]
by him including on travel, notwithstanding that the total 
perquisites will exceed the limit of ₹ 1,67,66,265/ - 
(Rupees One Crore Sixty Seven Lakhs Sixty SixThousa-
-nd Two Hundred and Sixty Five Only) per annum in any 
financial year.
 The Managing Director shall be entitled to reimburseme-
-nt of all expenses incurred by him in connection with the 
business of the Company.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to Section 197 and 
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013, where in any 
financial year during the tenure of the appointment, the 
Company has losses or its profits are inadequate, the 
remuneration of ₹ 2,25,00,000/- (Rupees Two Crore Twenty 
Five Lakhs only) per annum be paid to Mr. Anand B Hunnur 
as the minimum remuneration.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any Director of the Company 
and the Company Secretary of the Company be and hereby 
are severally authorized to do the such acts and deeds, 
necessary for filing requisite e-forms with the appropriate 
authority within such time and period as prescribed.”
4. Revision in the remuneration payable to Mr. Vijay R 
Kirloskar (DIN: 00031253), Executive Chairman and to 
consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as a 'Special Resolution':
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
196, 197, 198 and Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with Companies (Appointment and Qualification of 
Directors) Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions, if 
any of the Companies Act, 2013, and the applicable 
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force), the provisions of the Articles of 
Association of the Company, based on the recommenda-
tions of Nomination and Remuneration Committee (’NRC’) 
and the Board of Directors, the approval of members be and 
is hereby accorded to enhance the remuneration payable to 
Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar (DIN: 00031253), Executive Chairman 
of the Company, from ₹ 5,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five Crores 
only) per annum to ₹ 5,50,00,000/- (Rupees Five Crores 
Fifty Lakhs only) per annum with effect from July 10, 2025 
during his tenure as Executive Chairman of the Company 
and in accordance with the details as set out hereunder:
 (a) Salary: 
  ₹ 1,20,00,000/- (Rupees One Crore Twenty Lakhs Only) 
per annum with such increments each year, as may be 
decided by the NRC and/or the Board of Directors, based 
on merit and taking into account the Company's 
performance for the year;
 (b) Perquisites and allowances:
  The Chairman shall be entitled to perquisites and 
allowances like rent free accommodation (including 
maintenance fee) or house rent allowance in lieu thereof, 
special allowances, car allowance, performance 
incentive, reimbursement of water expenses, gas and 
electricity bills at residence and medical expenses for 
self and his family and all other payments in the nature 
of perquisites and allowances subject to ceiling of      
₹ 4,30,00,000/- (Rupees Four Crore Thirty Lakhs 
Only) per annum which shall also include premium 
payable towards  medi-claim and personal accident 
insurance as per the policies of the Company and 
such increments each year, as may be decided by the 
NRC and/or the Board of Directors, based on merit 
and taking into account the Company's performance 
for the year;
  Explanation
  For the purpose of calculating the above ceiling, 
perquisites shall be evaluated as per the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013, Rules made thereunder 
and as per the provisions of the Income tax Act, 1961 
and Rules made thereunder. In the absence of any 
such rule, perquisites shall be evaluated at actual 
cost. 
  “Family” shall have the same meaning as defined 
under Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013.
  Use of Company's car for official purposes and 
telephone at residence and cell phone (including 
payment for local calls and long distance official calls) 
shall not be included in the computation of perquisites 
for the purpose of calculating the said ceiling.
  Apart from the above perquisites & allowances 
mentioned herein above, the Executive Chairman 
shall be reimbursed actual medical expenses 
including  actual cost of medical equipments, 
gadgets, devices and supplements and in case of 
hospitalization of the Executive Chairman, the 
Company shall reimburse the actual expenses 
incurred by him including expenses incurred by him 
on travel and treatment abroad, notwithstanding that 
the total perquisites will exceed the limit of 
₹4,30,00,000/- (Rupees Four Crore Thirty Lakhs 
Only) per annum in any financial year.
  Contribution to provident fund and to super annuation 
fund will not be included in the computation of the 
ceiling on perquisites to the extent these either singly 
or put together are not taxable under the Income Tax 
Act.
  Gratuity payable as per the Rules of the Company and 
encashment of leave at the end of the tenure will not 
be included in the computation of the ceiling on 
perquisites to the extent the same are not taxable 
under the Income Tax Act.
  The Executive Chairman shall be entitled to reimburs-
-ement of all expenses incurred by him in connection 
with the business of the Company.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to Section 197 
and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, where in any financial year during the currency of 
tenure of the appointment, the Company has losses or its 
7
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 9]]
8
profits are inadequate, the remuneration of ₹ 5,50,00,000/- 
(Rupees Five Crores Fifty Lakhs only) per annum or such 
higher remuneration, as may be permitted according to the 
Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 be paid to Mr. Vijay 
R Kirloskar as minimum remuneration.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any director of the Company 
and the Company Secretary of the Company be and hereby 
are severally authorised to do the such acts, deeds and 
things necessary for filing requisite e-forms with the 
appropriate authority within such time and period a s 
prescribed.”
5. To appoint Mr. Sudheendra P Ghali (Membership no. 
FCS 7037 & COP no. 7537) Proprietor of M/s. S. P. Ghali 
& Co., Company Secretaries, Belgaum as Secretarial 
Auditor of the Company for a period of five (05) years 
and to fix their remuneration and in this regard to consider 
and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an 
'Ordinary Resolution':
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
204 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act'), read with Rule 9 of the 
Companies (Appointment & Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014, [including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time 
being in force], and Regulation 24A of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended 
from time to time, based on the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee and the approval of the Board of directors of the 
Company, consent of members of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded for the appointment of Mr. Sudheendra P 
Ghali (Membership no. FCS 7037 & COP no. 7537) 
Proprietor of M/s. S. P . Ghali & Co., Company Secretaries, 
Belgaum as the 'Secretarial Auditor' of the Company for a 
tenure of five (5) consecutive years, commencing from 
financial year 2025-26 till financial year 2029-30, to conduct 
the Secretarial Audit and to furnish the Secretarial Audit 
Report in accordance with the provisions of the Act and on 
such remuneration as may be mutually agreed by and 
between the Board and the Secretarial Auditor, with the 
power to the Board to modify / enhance the remuneration 
during the tenure of five consecutive years on such terms 
and conditions as may be mutually agreed.
6. To appoint M/s. BMS Auditing, Chartered Accountants, 
PO Box no. 80394, Dubai, UAE as Auditor of the Branch 
office situated at Ajman, UAE  and to consider and, if 
thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an 'Ordinary 
Resolution':
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
143(8) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Audit and 
Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, M/s. 
BMS Auditing, Chartered Accountants, are hereby 
appointed as an Auditor of the Branch office of the Company 
situated at Ajman, UAE, to hold the office from the 
conclusion of this annual general meeting until the 
conclusion of next annual general meeting of the Company 
and on such remuneration, terms and conditions, the 
Board of directors may deem fit.”
7. To ratify the remuneration of Cost Auditors for the 
financial year ending March 31, 2025 and to consider 
and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an 
'Ordinary Resolution':
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
148 and all other applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the Companies (Audit and Auditors) 
Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modifications (s) or 
re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force), M/s. 
Rao, Murthy & Associates (Firm Regn no. 000065), Cost 
Accountants, were appointed by the Board of directors on 
the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the 
Company, to conduct the audit of the cost records of the 
Company for the financial year ending March 31, 2025, 
be paid the remuneration as set out in the Statement 
annexed to the notice convening this meeting. 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and 
the Company Secretary of the Company be and are 
hereby authorized severally to perform all such acts and 
take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or 
expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
By the order of the Board of Directors
For Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
 
           Sd/-
Vijay R Kirloskar
                      Executive Chairman
DIN: 00031253
Place: Bengaluru      
Date: 10.07.2025 
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
TH
ADDENDUM TO THE NOTICE OF 78  ANNUAL 
GENERAL MEETING (‘AGM’) OF THE COMPANY
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that an Addendum is made to 
th
the Notice of the 78  Annual General Meeting ("Original 
Notice") of Kirloskar Electric Company Limited dated July 
10, 2025, scheduled to be held on Tuesday, September 16, 
2025, at 11.00 AM through Video Conferencing (‘VC’) / 
Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM).
The Board of directors of the Company, at its meeting held 
on August 12, 2025, has considered it necessary to include 
an additional Special Resolution for the approval of 
shareholders. This resolution pertains to the continuation of 
directorship of Mr. Ravi Ghai (DIN: 08715119), an 
Independent Director of the Company, who will attain the 
age of seventy-five (75) years in February 2026, in 
compliance with the provisions of Regulation 17(1A) of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as 
amended ("SEBI LODR Regulations").
Special Business:
Shareholders are requested to note the inclusion of the 
following Special Resolution as Item No. 8 to be transacted 
th
at the 78  AGM:
[[PAGE 10]]
9
 Item No. 8
To continue the directorship of Mr. Ravi Ghai (DIN: 
08715119) as an independent director after attaining the 
age of seventy-five years and to consider and, if thought fit, to 
pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as 
a ‘Special Resolution’:
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 
17(1A) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) 
(including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof 
for the time being in force) and the Articles of Association of the 
Company, consent of the Members be and is hereby accorded 
for the continuation of directorship of Mr. Ravi Ghai (DIN: 
08715119) as an Non Executive Independent Director of the 
Company, who shall attain the age of seventy five (75) years on 
February 17, 2026, and to continue as Independent director till 
the expiry of his term of five consecutive years i.e., upto July 11, 
2027, subject to not being disqualified from being a director 
under the provisions of the Act and rules made thereunder.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and is 
hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters, and 
things as may be necessary, proper, or expedient to give effect 
to this Resolution.”
By the order of the Board of directors
For Kirloskar Electric Company Limited 
Place: Bengaluru                      
Date: 12.08.2025     
                       
Sd/- 
Vijay R Kirloskar
Executive Chairman
DIN: 00031253 
NOTES:
(a) Pursuant to the General Circular no. 09/2024 dated 
September 19, 2024, issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs ('MCA') and Circular no. SEBI/ 
HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 
03, 2024 issued by SEBI (hereinafter collectively 
referred to as “the Circulars”), Companies are allowed 
to hold AGM through Video Conference ('VC') / Other 
Audio Visual Means ('OVAM'), without the physical 
presence of members at a common venue till 
September 30, 2025. Therefore the AGM of the 
Company is being held through VC / OAVM. Hence, 
Members can attend and participate in the ensuing 
AGM through VC/OAVM.
(b) The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of 
the Companies Act, 2013, relating to Special Business 
is annexed hereto. 
(  ) Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of t he 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 
2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 
2015 (as amended), and the Circulars issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs dated April 08, 2020, April 
13, 2020, May 05, 2020, January 13, 2021, May 05, 
2022, December 28, 2022, September 25, 2023 and 
September 19, 2024 the Company is providing facility 
of remote e-voting to its Members in respect of the 
businesses to be transacted at the AGM. For this 
purpose, the Company has entered  into an agreement 
with Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
(CDSL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, 
as the authorized e-Voting agency. The facility of 
casting votes by a member using remote e-voting as 
well as e-voting at the time of conducting AGM through 
video conferencing (VC) or other audio visual means 
(OAVM) will be provided by CDSL.
(d) Pursuant to the MCA Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 
08, 2020 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and 
SEBI circular dated May 13, 2022, the facility to appoint 
proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not 
available for this AGM. However, the Body Corporates 
are entitled to appoint authorised representatives to 
attend the AGM through VC/OAVM and participate 
thereat and cast their votes through e-voting.
(e) The members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 
15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the 
commencement of the meeting by following the 
procedure mentioned in the notice. The facility of 
participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM will be 
made available for 1,000 members on first come first 
served basis. This will not include large members 
(members holding 2% or more shareholding), 
Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit 
Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors, 
c
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 11]]
Scrutinizers etc., who are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on account of first come first served basis.  
(f) The attendance of the members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum 
under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.
(g) Pursuant to Circular nos. 14/2020, 17/2020, 20/2020, 02/2021, 02/2022, 03/2022, 10/2022 & 09/2023 dated April 08, 2020, April 
13, 2020, May 05, 2020, January 13, 2021, May 05, 2022, December 28, 2022, September 25, 2023 & September 19, 2024 
respectively issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Circulars dated May 12, 2020, January 15, 2021, May 13, 2022, 
th
October 07, 2023 & October 03, 2024 issued by SEBI, the 78  AGM of the Company will be held through VC/OAVM. The 
th
electronic copy of the Annual Report for the year ended March 31, 2025 and Notice of the 78  AGM are being sent to all the 
members whose email IDs are registered with the Company / Depository Participants(s) for communication purposes by way of 
link. The Notice can also be accessed from the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e., BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited at www.bseindia.com  and www.nseindia.com respectively. The AGM Notice is also disseminated on the 
website of CDSL (agency for providing the remote e- Voting facility and e-voting system during the AGM)  i.e., 
www.evotingindia.com. A copy of the notice of the AGM and annual report are also available for download from the website of 
the Company at www.kirloskarelectric.com.
(h)  Further, in compliance with Regulation 36(1)(b) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 
th
as amended, a letter providing the web-link, including the exact path, where the 78  Annual Report for the financial year 2024-25 
is available, is being sent to those members whose e-mail IDs are not registered with the Company / Registrar and Transfer 
Agent / Depository Participants / Depositories.
(i) For the purpose of AGM, the Register of Members of the Company will remain closed from Wednesday, September 10, 2025 to 
Tuesday, September 16, 2025 (both the days inclusive).
(j) Documents relating to any of the items mentioned in the Notice and the Explanatory Statement thereto are open for inspection 
at the registered office of the Company on any working day during the business hours of the Company.
(k) Members requiring information on the accounts and operations of the Company are requested to write to the Company at  
investors@kirloskarelectric.com atleast seven days before the date of the AGM to enable the management to keep the 
information ready.
(l) Members holding share(s) either singly or jointly in identical order in more than one folio are requested to write to the Company 
enclosing the share certificates to enable the Company to consolidate their holdings in one folio.
(m) Members holding shares in physical form are requested to notify any change of their addresses timely to the Company's 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”), i.e., Integrated Registry Management Services Private Limited, No. 30, Ramana 
Residency, 4th Cross, Sampige Road Malleswaram, Bengaluru – 560003. Members holding shares in electronic form are 
advised to notify any change in their address to the concerned depository participants.
(n) Members desirous of making a nomination in respect of their physical shareholdings in the Company, as permitted under 
Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013, are requested to submit the prescribed Form No SH.13 duly completed to the 
secretarial department of the Company.
(o) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number (PAN) by 
every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in electronic form are, therefore, requested to submit the PAN to 
their Depository Participants with whom they are maintaining their DEMAT accounts. Members holding shares in physical form 
can submit their PAN details to the Company.
(p) Voting through electronic means in compliance with the provisions of section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013, Rule 20 of 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 20 14, as substituted by the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Amendment Rules, 2015 and Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the Company has provided a facility to its members to exercise their votes electronically  through e - voting 
service arranged through Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”). The facility to cast votes through e-voting will 
also be made available during  the AGM and members attending the AGM through Video Conference, but who have not cast/ 
exercised their rights to vote by remote e-voting shall be able to exercise their right to vote through e-voting during the AGM. 
Members who have cast their votes through remote e-voting prior to the AGM may attend the AGM through Video Conference 
but shall not be entitled to cast their votes again during the AGM. The instructions for remote e-voting are provided herein.
(q) Mr. K Chandra Sekhar, Practicing Company Secretary (ACS No. 14441/ COP No. 24363), has been appointed as scrutinizer to 
scrutinize the e-voting during the AGM and remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.  
 The results of the e-voting along with the scrutin izer’s report shall be placed in the Company’s webs ite at 
www.kirloskarelectric.com and on the website of CDSL within two working days of the conclusion of AGM. The results will also 
be communicated to the stock exchanges where the shares of the Company are listed.   
10
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 12]]
11
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
 THE INTRUCTIONS TO MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND  E-VOTING DURING AGM AND JOINING MEETING 
THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
 Step 1 :  Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual shareholders holding shares in demat 
mode.
 Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode and non-individual 
shareholders in demat mode.
 (i) The voting period will begin on Friday, September 12, 2025 (from 9.00 A.M) and wil l end on Monday, September 15, 2025 
(at 5.00 P.M). During this period members of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, 
as on the cut-off date, may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module shall be disabled by CDSL for voting 
thereafter. 
 (ii) The cut-off date for e-voting facility is Tuesday, September 09, 2025 and members whose names appear in the register of 
members shall be entitled to avail the service. Any person who becomes a member of the Company after dispatch of the 
notice of the AGM and holding shares as on the cut-off date is requested to contact Company's RTA to get the details 
relating to his/her user-id and password. Members may call the RTA through telephone number +91-80-23460815-818 or 
send an email request to irg@integratedindia.in.
 (iii) Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 under Regulation 44 of 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, listed 
entities are required to provide remote e-voting facility to its Members, in respect of all Members' resolutions. However, it 
has been observed that the participation by the public non-institutional Members/retail Members is at a negligible level. 
  Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facilit y to listed entities in India. This 
necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs and passwords by the Members. 
  In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it has been decided to enable e-
voting to all the Demat account holders, by way of a single login credential, through their Demat accounts/ websites of 
Depositories/ Depository Participants. Demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register 
again with the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless authentication but also enhancing ease and convenience of 
participating in e-voting process.
  Step 1 :  Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-Voting system in case of individual shareholders holding shares in  
demat mode.
 (iv)  In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dat ed (December 9, 2020) on e-Voting facility provided 
by Listed Companies, Individual Members holding securities in Demat mode are allowed to vote through their Demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Members are advised to update their mobile number 
and email ID in their Demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.  
(v) Pursuant to the above said SEBI Circular, Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meetings for Individual Members 
holding securities in Demat mode is given below:
Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing 
user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any 
further authentication. The users to login to Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL 
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & My Easi New (Token) Tab.
Type of Members Login Method
Individual Members 
holding securities in 
Demat mode with CDSL
Depository
1)  
If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL 
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & My Easi New (Token) Tab and then click 
on registration option.
3)  
Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account 
Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. 
The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as 
recorded in the Demat account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see 
the e-Voting option where the e-voting is in progress and also able to directly access the 
system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
4)  
2)  After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for 
eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by 
company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the 
e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links 
provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit 
the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
(s)
[[PAGE 13]]
12
3) V isit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once 
the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have 
to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number held with NSDL), 
Password/OTP and a Veriﬁcation Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see 
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you 
will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/ 
evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email 
id/mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be re-directed to e-
Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
4)  
Individual Members 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their Depository 
Participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. After successful 
login, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting option, you will 
be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you 
can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and 
you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider’s website for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
2) If  the user is not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS “Portal or click at https://
eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Members holding 
securities in Demat mode with 
CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending 
a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 022- 23058738 and 22-
23058542-43.
Individual Members holding 
securities in Demat mode with 
NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a 
request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 022 - 4886700 / 2499700 
 Help  desk details for Individual Members holding securities in DEMAT mode for any technical issues related to 
login through Depository i.e., CDSL and NSDL
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at above mentioned website.
(vi)  Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Members holding shares in Physical mode and members 
 other than individual holding in Demat form:
1. The members should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com during the voting period.
2. Click on “Shareholders / Members” tab.
Individual Members 
holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL
If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services website 
of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Services is 
launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under 
‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services. 
Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-
Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be 
re- directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
1)
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode and non-individual 
shareholders in demat mode.
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 14]]
6. If you are a ﬁrst time user follow the steps given below:
For Members holding shares in physical Form and other than Individual members 
holding shares in DEMAT Form
P AN Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric PAN issued by Income Tax Department (Applicable for 
both DEMAT members as well as physical members)
•  Me  mbers who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository Participant are 
requested to use the ﬁrst two letters of their name and the last 8 digits of the DEMAT 
account/folio number in the PAN Field.
Dividend Bank Details
OR Date of Birth 
(DOB)
Enter the Date of Birth as recorded in your DEMAT account or in the Company records for 
the said DEMAT account or folio in DD/MM/YYYY format.
If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, please enter the 
member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details ﬁeld.
7. After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab.
8.   M  embers holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection screen. However, members 
holding shares in DEMAT form will now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu wherein they are required to mandatorily enter 
their login password in the new password ﬁeld. Kindly note that this password is to be also used by the DEMAT holders 
for voting for resolutions of any other Company on which they are eligible to vote, provided that Company opts for 
e-voting through CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take 
utmost care to keep your password conﬁdential.
 9.   F  or Members holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on the resolutions contained in 
this Notice.
 10. Click on the EVSN of KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED on whi ch you choose to vote.
 11.  O  n the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against t he same the option “YES/NO” for voting. 
Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that you assent to the Resolution and option NO implies 
that you dissent to the Resolution. 
12. Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolut ion details.
13
 13.   A  fter selecting the resolution you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A conﬁrmation box will be displayed. If you 
wish to conﬁrm your vote, click on “OK”, else to change your vote, click on “CANCEL” and accordingly modify your vote.
 14. Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
 15. You can also take a print of the voting done by you by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the Voting page.
 16. If the DEMAT account holder has forgotten the password then Enter the User ID and the image verification code and click 
on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the system.
 17. There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be made available to scrutinizer for 
verification.
 (vii) Additional facility for Non – Individual Members and Cust odians–Remote Voting only:
 · Non-Individual Members (i.e., other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on to 
www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” module.
 · A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com.
 · After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login and password. The 
Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote on.
 · The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case of any wrong mapping
 · It is mandatory that a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and/or Power of Attorney (POA) w hich they have issued in 
3. Enter your User ID 
a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneﬁciary ID,
 b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,
 c. Members holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with the Company.
4. Next enter the Image Veriﬁcation as displayed and Click on Login.
5.     If you are holding shares in DEMAT form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on an earlier voting 
of any Company, then your existing password is to be used.
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 15]]
14
favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.
 · Alternatively Non Individual Members are required to send the relevant Board Resolution/ Authorit y letter etc. together with 
attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the 
Company at the email address viz; investors@kirloskarelectric.com, if they have voted from individual tab & not uploaded 
the same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
(  ) INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS ATTENDING THE AGM THR OUGH VC/OAVM & E-VOTING DURING MEETING ARE   
AS UNDER:
 1. The procedure for attending meeting & e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for 
Remote e-voting.
 2. The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available where the EVSN of C ompany will be displayed after successful 
login as per the instructions mentioned above for Remote e-voting.
 3. Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the meeting. However, they will not be 
eligible to vote at the AGM.
 4. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops / IPads for better experience.
 5. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the 
meeting.
 6. Please note that participants connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot 
may experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use stable 
Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
 7. Members who would like to express their views/ask questions during the meeting may register themselves as a speaker by 
sending their request in advance at least 07 days prior to meeting mentioning their name, Demat account number / folio 
number, email id, mobile number at investors@kirloskarelectric.com .The Members who do not wish t o speak during the 
AGM but have queries may send their queries in advance atleast 07 days prior to meeting mentioning their name, Demat 
account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at investors@kirloskarelectric.com. These queries will be replied to 
by the Company suitably by email. 
 8. Those Members who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask questions 
during the meeting.
 9. Only those Members, who are present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on the 
Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting 
system available during the AGM.
 10. If any Votes are cast by the Members through the e-voting available during the AGM and if the same Members have not 
participated in the meeting through VC/OAVM facility, then the votes cast by such Members shall be considered invalid as 
the facility of e-voting during the meeting is available only to the Members attending the meeting.
(u) PROCESS FOR THOSE MEMBERS WHOSE EMAIL ADDRESSES / MOBILE NUMBERS ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH 
THE DEPOSITORIES FOR OBTAINING LOGIN CREDENTIALS FOR E-VOTING FOR THE RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED IN 
THIS NOTICE: 
 i. For Physical Member: Please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share 
certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAAR (self  attested scanned copy of 
Aadhaar Card) by email to Company/RTA email id.
 ii. For Demat Members: Please provide Demat account details (CDSL-16 digit beneficiary ID or NSDL-16 digit DPID + CLID), 
Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAAR   
(self attested scanned copy of Aadhaar Card) to Company/RTA’s email ID. 
(v)   In case you have any queries or issues regarding e-voting, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (“FAQs”) and e-
voting manual available at http://www.evotingindia. com under help section or write an email to mail to : 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com
t
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 16]]
(w)  In  formation about directors seeking appointment / reappointment given in the annexure appended hereto and forms part of 
this report.
By the order of the Board of Directors
 For Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Sd/-
Vijay R Kirloskar
 Executive Chairman
DIN: 00031253
      
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 10.07.2025 
     
Contact Details: Quick reference for members
Company Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Registered Oﬃce No. 19, 2nd Main Road, Peenya 1st stage, Phase-I, Peenya, Bengaluru – 560058
CIN: L31100KA1946PLC000415;
Email: investors@kirloskarelectric.com
Website: www.kirloskarelectric.com
Tel No.: 080-28397256; Fax: 080-28396727
Registrar and Transfer Agent  M/s. Integrated Registry Management Services Private Limited, No. 30, Ramana 
Residency, 4th Cross, Sampige Road Malleswaram, Bengaluru – 560003
CIN: U74900TN2015PTC101466
Email: irg@integratedindia.in
Tel: 080-23460815-818; Fax: 080-23460819
e-Voting Agency Central Depository Services (India) Limited
Scrutinizer Mr. K Chandra Sekhar, Practising Company Secretary. 
E-mail ID: associate@kcsassociates.co.in
15
All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be 
addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, Sr. Manager, (CDSL) Central Depository Services 
(India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M 
Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call  toll free no. 1800 21 09911.
The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, relating to Special Business is 
annexed hereto.
Item no. 3:
Based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and subject to the approval of members, the 
Board of directors at its meeting held on July 10, 2025 has re-appointed Mr. Anand Balaramacharya Hunnur (DIN: 06650798) as the 
Managing Director of the Company for a term of three (03) years effective from July 12, 2025 wit h the annual remuneration of 
₹ 2,25,00,000/- (Rupees Two Crore Twenty Five Lakhs only). Broad particulars of terms of reappointment and remuneration payable 
to Mr. Anand B Hunnur are mentioned in the resolution. The remuneration proposed to Mr. Anand B Hunnur is within the limits 
specified in schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013. Member's approval is sought for the reappointment and payment of 
remuneration to Mr. Anand B Hunnur (DIN: 06650798) as Managing Director.
Brief resume, nature of his expertise in specific functional areas, names of companies in which Mr. Anand B Hunnur (DIN: 06650798) 
holds directorships, memberships, chairmanships of Board Committees, his shareholding in the Company and relationships 
amongst directors' inter-se as stipulated under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, are 
provided in the annexure appended to the notice.
The terms of the appointment of Mr. Anand B Hunnur are contained in the agreement dated July 10, 2025 executed with the 
Company. The same is available for inspection at the registered office of the Company.
Except Mr. Anand B Hunnur, none of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) or relatives of Directors and KMP, are in any 
way concerned with or interested, financially or otherwise, in the in the proposed Resolution under Item no. 3 of the accompanying 
notice. 
The Board of Directors of your Company recommends that the Resolution under Item no. 3 be passed in the interest of your 
Company. 
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 17]]
16
Disclosures as per schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013
I. General information: 
 1) Nature of industry:
  Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (KECL) was incorporated on 26th July 1946. KECL is engaged i n the manufacture of 
various electrical equipments such as motors, alternators and generators, transformers, DG sets etc., The Company has 
different product groups such as transformer and distribution group, large machine group, low voltage machine group, 
power generation group. Each product group is having different products within its broad range. KECL is one of the leading 
Companies in India which manufactures and supplies motors which are used in electric vehicles. The Company provides 
tailor made customized electrical equipments to its customers. The major Companies PSUs and EPCs ar e valued 
customers. The Company has overseas customers also. 
 2) Date of commencement of commercial production: 
  July 26, 1946
 3) Financial performance based on given indicators as on March 31, 2025:
  
Note: The above figures are extracted from the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements as per Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS).
 4) Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: 
The company has investments in the following companies abroad:
a. Kirloskar (Malaysia) SDN BHD  ₹ 5.29 lakhs for 300,000 shares
b. Kirsons Trading Pte Ltd                ₹ 11.20 lakhs for 56,250 shares
II. Information about the appointee:
 (1) Background details, Recognition or awards:
  Mr. Anand B Hunnur, aged 64 years, holds a Bachelor's degree in Engineering from Karnataka University and has a Diploma 
in Marketing & Sales Management from Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Mumbai. He was Regional Manager for Western India 
from 2002 to 2005. Later he worked as an Associate Vice President– Marketing from 2006 to 2009. He worked in Emerson 
Electric Power Generation of India, Pune as Vice President – Marketing from 2009-2011 also worked as Head - Sales from 
April 2011 to October 2011 in WEG Electric India. He joined Kirloskar Electric Company Limited as Vice President Sales & 
Marketing in 2011 and was appointed as Director - Sales in August 12, 2014. He was appointed as Managing Director from 
May 26, 2017. He stepped down from his position on April 12, 2019, citing personal reasons and was subsequently 
reappointed on July 12, 2022. He has been instrumental in generating good business, improving overall operations and 
achieving the targets. He possesses varied and rich experience in sales and marketing.
  The compensation package, which the company has proposed is lower compared to the salaries offered to managerial 
personnel within the comparable industries.
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
 (₹ in Lakhs)
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
54,382
693
55,075
54,327
748
995
1,743
18
1,725
2,867
4,592
Revenue from operations
Other income (Net)
Total Revenue
Total Expense
Profit before Exceptional items
Exceptional Items
Profit / (Loss) before tax
Tax Expense
Profit / (Loss) after tax 
Total other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income for the period
2024-25 2023-24 2024-25 2023-24
55,735
793
56,528
55,011
1,517
-
1,517
-
1,517
(2,356)
(839)
54,382
775
55,075
55,753
(596)
995
399
25
374
2,867
3,241
55,735
799
56,534
55,126
1,408
-
1,408
-
1,408
(2,356)
(948)
[[PAGE 18]]
17
 (2) Past remuneration
 (3) Remuneration proposed
  The remuneration to the Managing Director of the Company is proposed in the resolution under item no. 3 in the notice:
 (4) Comparative remuneration profile with respect to industry, size of the Company, profile of the position and person 
(in case of expatriates the relevant details would be with respect to the country of his origin)
  The details of the turnover and the remuneration paid in other comparable similar Industries are as shown in the table given 
below:
 (5) Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with the Company,  or relationship with the managerial personnel, if 
any.
  Except Mr. Anand B Hunnur, none of the directors or key managerial personnel (KMP) or relatives of directors and KMP is 
concerned or interested in the resolution at item no. 3 of the notice. 
III. Other information: 
 (1) Reasons for loss or inadequate profits:
  As the members are aware that the Lloyd Dynamowerke Gmbh & Co.KG (LDW) is a step down subsidiar y of the Company 
set up in Germany. LDW was facing serious financial and operational challenges since the financial year 2011-12 after the 
economic slowdown in Europe. The Company infused capital from time to time and in the process its Balance Sheet 
exposure in the form of investment in LDW increased substantially up to 224.47 crores. LDW recorded huge losses in the ₹
year 2012-13 and 2013-14 and ultimately filed for insolvency in  German court of law. As a result of the investment in the
LDW, KEC experienced gradually incremental severe shortage of working capital, which led to low capacity utilization and 
thereby resulting into losses.
  After the administrator was appointed to liquidate LDW, KEC lost total control over LD W and hence the investment was 
substantially impaired in the year 2014-15. Accumulation of operating losses continued weak business environment and 
funding of LDW together affected Company's operation. In order to address the whole issue, during the year 2014-15 the 
Company drew up a financial reorganization planning consultation with financial lenders (lenders). The lenders formed a 
Joint Lenders Forum (JLF) and corrective action plan was drawn up in mutual consultation with JLF members and 
Company. 
  Since then the Company has taken several initiatives to increase its profitability and to explore new opportunities of 
achieving cost reduction and price competitiveness. Infusion of substantial funds in the Company corroborates his 
commitment to the Company. His varied experience and exposure has come very handy to the business in these difficult 
times.
 (2) Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement:
  As mentioned earlier, the Company has already taken measures for improving its working, such as cutting costs at all levels, 
reduction in manpower, product development, improving working capital management etc., and the performance is getting 
improved. On the other hand, the Company has disposed off those assets of the Company and other vacant lands available 
which had no value to the operations of the Company. The Company has repaid its term loans and working capital loans 
borrowed under Joint Lenders Forum (JLF) from consortium banks / financial institutions.
 (3) Expected increase in productivity and profit in measurable terms:
  Implementing above suggestions, should lead to significant improvements in the  Company’s  productivity and margin.
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
SI No. Name of the company Amount (₹)
1.
Perquisites and allowances 
4,350,000/-
14,266,265/-
1,383,735/-
20,000,000/-
2.
Salary
3. Others
Total
           (₹ in Crores)
SI No. Name of the company Turnover Remuneration
1.
Bharat Bijlee Ltd (2023-24)
1,934.23 5.67
2.
Voltamp Transformers Limited (2024-25)
1,872.48 11.14
3. Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Ltd (2024-25) 7,028.29 10.69
4. Kirloskar Brothers Ltd (2024-25) 2,901.39 9.53
(Note: The above details have been considered from the public domain. The details may vary.)
[[PAGE 19]]
18
IV. Disclosures:
 Applicable disclosures required under Section II of part II, Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 are mentioned in the Board's 
th
report under corporate governance attached to 78  annual report which is available on the website of the Company at 
www.kirloskarelectric.com.
 Further, the effective capital of the Company is negative and as required under Section II of part II, Schedule V to the Companies 
Act, 2013, the approval of members of the Company is sought by way of Special Resolution.
 The Board of directors recommends the resolution set forth under item no. 3 of the accompanying notice for the approval of 
members.
Item no. 4:
Mr. Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar (DIN: 00031253) was reappointed as Executive Chairman of the Company for a period of three (3) years 
effective from August 12, 2023 at a remuneration of ₹ 4,00,00,000/- (Rupees Four Crores only) per annum. Considering the 
th
performance of the Company, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 23, 2024 and the members of the Company at the 77  
AGM increased the remuneration payable to the Executive Chairman upto ₹ 5,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five Crores only) per annum with 
effect from  April  01, 2024.
Based on the recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration committee and subject to the approval of the members of the 
Company and in terms of provisions of Section 196, 197, 198 and Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions, if any of the Companies Act, 2013, and the 
applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company, the Board proposes a revision in the 
annual remuneration payable to Mr. Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar (DIN: 00031253) from ₹ 5,00,00,000/- (Rupees Five Crores only) per 
annum to ₹ 5,50,00,000/- (Rupees Five Crores Fifty Lakhs only) per annum with effect from July 10, 2025. This revision is recognition 
of his significant contributions and the Company's performance during the recent financial year(s).
It is affirmed that the proposed revised remuneration is within the limits prescribed under Section 197 and other applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Schedule V thereto, and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014, including any statutory modifications or re-enactments thereof for the time being in force.
Except Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar, Mrs. Meena Kirloskar and Ms. Rukmini Kirloskar none of the other directors or key managerial personnel 
(KMP) or relatives of directors and KMP is concerned or interested in the resolution at item no. 4.
Disclosures as per schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013:
I. General information:  [Please refer to the General information provided under Item no. 3 from I.(1) to I. (4)]
II. Information about Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar:
(1) Background details, recognition or awards, job profile and his suitability:
 Mr. Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar, aged 74 years, possesses a Master's degree in Management Science and Engineering from 
Worcester Polytechnic Institute, Worcester, MA, USA. His tenure with the Company commenced i n 1978 as Manager-
Production. He subsequently ascended to the position of President in 1982, and on August 17, 1985, he was appointed as the 
Company's Managing Director. From 1994 to 1998, he served as Chairman of the Kirloskar Group, a period during which the 
Group and the Company achieved substantial growth under his guidance. Furthermore, Mr. Kirloskar has held several 
significant positions within the industry, including Vice President of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) in 1998.
 Mr. Kirloskar's extensive educational background and professional experience render him exceptionally well-suited for his 
current office. He bears responsibility for the overall management of the Company. Furthermore, hi s broad network and 
established relationships within the industry significantly contribute to the Company's strategic advantage, facilitating the 
acquisition of new customers, securing substantial order bookings, forging valuable new contacts, and establishing key 
technology agreements.
 Mr. Kirloskar, in his capacity as a promoter and experienced senior managerial personnel, is instrumental in the comprehensive 
conduct of the Company's business operations. It is noteworthy that the Company's proposed compensation package for him is 
below the prevailing remuneration standards for managerial positions in comparable industries.
(2) Past remuneration: Details of remuneration drawn by Mr. Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar for past three years:   
          (Amount in )  ₹
Year Total Remuneration
2021-22 2,61,60,000/-
2022-23 4,00,00,000/-
2023-24 5,00,00,000/-
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 20]]
19
(3) Remuneration proposed: Annual remuneration to the Executive Chairman is proposed in the resolution under item no. 4 in the 
notice.
(4) Comparative remuneration profile with respect to industry, size of the company, profile of the position and person (in 
case of expatriates the relevant details would be with respect to the country of his origin): The compensation package, 
which the Company has proposed is lower compared to the salaries offered to managerial personnel within the comparable 
industries.
 The details of the turnover and the remuneration paid to Executive Chairman in other comparable similar Industries are as 
shown in the table given below:
 (Note: The above details have been considered from the public domain. The details may vary.)
(5) Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with the Company, or relationship with the managerial personnel, if any.
 Except for Mr. Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar, Mrs. Meena Kirloskar and Ms. Rukmini Kirl oskar, none of the directors or key managerial 
personnel (KMP) or relatives of directors and KMP is concerned or interested in the resolution set forth under item no. 4 of the 
accompanying notice.
III. Other information: [Please refer to the disclosure under Item no. 3 from point (1) to (3)]
IV. Disclosures: 
 Applicable disclosures required under Section II of part II, schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 are mentioned in the Board's 
report under corporate governance attached to this annual report.
 Further, the effective capital of the Company is negative and as required under Section II of part II, schedule V to the Companies 
Act, 2013, the approval of members of the Company is sought by way of special resolution.
 The Board of directors recommends the resolution set forth under item no. 4 of the accompanying notice for approval of the 
members. 
Item no. 5:
In accordance with the provisions of Section 204 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 9 of the 
Companies (Appointment & Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) ('the Act'), every listed company and certain other prescribed categories of 
companies are required to annex a Secretarial Audit Report, issued by a Practicing Company Secretary, to their Board's report, 
prepared under Section 134(3) of the Act.
Pursuant to Regulation 24A of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ('SEBI LODR Regulations'), every listed entity and its material Subsidiaries i n India are required to conduct 
Secretarial Audit and annex the Secretarial Audit Report to its annual report. Additionally, on the basis of recommendations of Board 
of directors with the approval of shareholders of listed entity at its Annual General Meeting, a listed entity must appoint or reappoint:- 
a. an individual as Secretarial Auditor for not more than one term of five consecutive years; or
b. a Secretarial Audit firm as Secretarial Auditor for not more than two terms of five consecutive years; 
Accordingly, based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of directors at its meeting held on July 10, 2025, has 
approved the appointment of Mr. Sudheendra P Ghali (Membership no. FCS 7037 & COP no. 7537) Proprietor of M/s. S. P. Ghali & 
Co., Company Secretary, Belgaum as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a period of five (5) consecutive years, commencing 
on from financial year 2025-26 till financial year 2029-30, to conduct Secretarial Audit of the Company and to furnish the Secretarial  
Audit Report. The Board has proposed the secretarial audit fee of 1,75,000/- to be paid to secretarial auditor for the FY 2025-26. The ₹ 
fee for the remaining term would be fixed by the Board of Directors on the recommendation of audit committee and in consultation 
with the secretarial auditor.
Brief Profile:
S P Ghali & Co., a dynamic firm of practising company secretaries established in the year 2007, and has over 15+ years of experience 
in Corporate Secretarial & Legal Services Firm, which is mainly Headquartered in Belgaum & M ain Branch in Bangalore and 
Hyderabad in the matter of advising, assisting and servicing pertaining to Corporate Secretarial & Legal Services for the commercial 
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
SI No. Name of the company Turnover Remuneration
1.
Bharat Bijlee Ltd (2023-24)
1,934.23 8.26
2.
Voltamp Transformers Limited (2024-25)
1,872.48 11.14
3. Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Ltd (2024-25) 7,028.29 8.50
4. Kirloskar Brothers Ltd (2024-25) 2,901.39 9.89
 (₹ in Crores)
[[PAGE 21]]
20
enterprises, financial institutions, private equity funds, start-ups, government and regulatory bodies in India and abroad. The core 
team of the firm consists of 15 qualified Company secretaries and more than 30 interns who are working endlessly from various 
locations to meet requirements and business solutions to enlarge the value to their clients.
Firm has immense knowledge and experience in dealing with matters relating to Company Law, Securities Laws, Goods and Service 
Tax (GST), Legal Due Diligence, Transaction documents, Mergers and Acquisitions, Initial Public Offerings (IPO) and Indirect taxes. 
Firms key offerings also include setting up compliances, approvals from all the government departments including approvals from 
the Registrar of Companies, Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), Secretariat of Industrial Approvals (SIA), Reserve Bank of India 
(RBI), Director General of Foreign Trade (DGFT), Complete compliance guidance and return filing in indirect taxes as well as GST.
Pursuant to Section 204 of the Act and the Rules framed thereunder, read with Regulation 24A of Listing Regulations the Company 
has received written consent & eligibility letters from SP Ghali & Co. 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) or relatives of Directors and KMP is in any way concerned with or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the resolution at item no. 5 of the accompanying notice. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 5 for the approval of Members.
Item no. 6:
The Company has a branch office at Ajman, UAE, and in accordance with the laws of that country and other regulatory requirements, 
approval is sought from the members to appoint BMS Auditing, Chartered Accountants, as branch auditors for the branch office at 
th th
Ajman, UAE, who shall hold the office from the conclusion of 78  Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of 79  Annual General 
Meeting of the Company. The members are further requested to authorize the Board of Directors of t he Company to fix their 
remuneration.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) or relatives of Directors and KMP is in any way concerned with or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the resolution at item no. 6 of the accompanying notice. 
The Board of directors recommends the resolution at item no. 6 to be passed as an ordinary resolution.
Item no. 7:
The Board on the recommendation of the Audit Committee had approved the appointment of M/s. Rao, Murthy & Associates, Cost 
Auditors at remuneration of  4,50,000/- (Rupees Four Lakhs Fifty Thousand only) to conduct the audit of the cost records of the ₹
Company for the ﬁnancial year ended March 31, 2025. In accordance with the provisions of the Sec 148 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Audit & Auditors) Rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors has to be ratiﬁed by the members of the 
Company. 
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) or relatives of Directors and KMP,  are in any way concerned with or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the in the proposed Resolution under Item no. 7 of the accompanying notice. 
The Board of directors of your Company recommends that the Resolution under Item no. 7 be passed in the interest of your Company. 
The documents, if any, referred above, will be made available for inspection in electronic mode. 
By the order of the Board of Directors
 For Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
 Sd/-
Vijay R Kirloskar
Place: Bengaluru      
Date:10.07.2025      
 Executive Chairman
DIN: 00031253
Annexure-1
Information about directors seeking appointment / reappointment
Name of director Mr. Anand Balaramacharya Hunnur
Age 64 years
Date of reappointment
Relationship with other directors / KMP NIL
10th July 2025
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 22]]
21
By the order of the Board of Directors
For Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
              Sd/-
Vijay R Kirloskar
                      Executive Chairman
                                          DIN: 00031253
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 10.07.2025  
Qualification & experience 
Directorship in other listed companies NIL
Shareholding in the Company 1,208 Equity shares
Chairperson of committees NIL
Member of committees Stakeholders' Relationship Committee
Mr. Anand B Hunnur, aged 64 years, holds a Bachelor's degree in Engineering from 
Karnataka University and has a Diploma in Marketing & Sales Management from 
Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Mumbai. He was Regional Manager for western India 
from 2002 to 2005. Later he worked as an Associate Vice President– Marketing 
from 2006 to 2009. He worked in Emerson Electric Power Generation of India, 
Pune as Vice President – Marketing from 2009-2011 also worked as Head - Sales 
from April 2011 to October 2011 in WEG Electric India. He joined Kirloskar Electric 
Company Limited as Vice President Sales & Marketing in 2011 and was appointed 
as Director - Sales in August 12, 2014. He was appointed as Managing Director 
from May 26, 2017. He stepped down from his position on April 12, 2019, citing 
personal reasons, and was subsequently reappointed on July 12, 2022. He has 
been instrumental in generating good business, improving overall operations and 
achieving the targets. He possesses varied and rich experience in sales and 
marketing.
ADDENDUM TO THE EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO S ECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (FOR 
SPECIAL RESOLUTION AT ITEM NO. 8):
The following Explanatory statement sets out all material facts related to the special business mentioned in the accompanying 
addendum to the notice dated Tuesday, August 12, 2025 and shall be taken as forming part of the Notice.
The Board of Directors, based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, proposes the continuation 
of directorship of Mr. Ravi Ghai (DIN: 08715119) as an Independent Director of the Company, who attains age of 75 years during his 
tenure as Independent Director. 
Mr. Ravi Ghai (DIN: 08715119) was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company on July 12, 2022 and holds office for a 
term of five consecutive years i.e., up to July 11, 2027. Mr. Ravi Ghai will attain the age of seventy five (75) years on February 2026. 
Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, mandates that no listed entity 
shall appoint a person or continue the directorship of any person as a non-executive director who has attained the age of seventy-five 
years unless a special resolution is passed to that effect.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee, and subsequently the Board of directors, after considering the performance 
evaluation of Mr. Ravi Ghai , his valuable contributions, extensive knowledge, experience, and the significant insights he bring to the 
Board's deliberations, believe that his continued association is highly beneficial for the Company. Mr. Ravi Ghai has consistently 
demonstrated independence in his judgment and actions, upholding the highest standards of corporate governance. His expertise in 
the fields of Banking, Investment, Finance, Risk compliance, Finance training and Credit appraisal is crucial for the Company's 
strategic direction and oversight functions, especially in the current business environment.
The Board is of the view that the skills, experience, and contributions of Mr. Ravi Ghai are inval uable to the Company and his 
continuation as an Independent Director for the remaining term is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders.
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out at item no. 8 of this Addendum for the approval of the 
shareholders.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) or relatives of Directors and KMP is in any way concerned with or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the resolution at item no. 8 of the accompanying addendum notice. 
By the order of the Board of Directors
For Kirloskar Electric Company Limited 
Sd/- 
Place: Bengaluru                    
Date: 12.08.2025                           
Vijay R Kirloskar
Executive Chairman
DIN: 00031253
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 23]]
Board's report
Dear Shareholders,
th
The directors are pleased to present the 78  Annual Report of Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (her einafter referred as “the 
Company” or “KECL”) along with the audited financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. The consolidated 
performances of the Company and its subsidiaries have been referred to wherever required.
Review of performance and state of Company's affairs:
During the year under report, your Company achieved a total turnover of ₹54,382/- Lakhs (previous year ₹ 55,735/- Lakhs). The 
operations have resulted in profit of ₹4,592/- Lakhs (previous year loss was ₹ 839/- Lakhs) i.e., total comprehensive income for the 
period.
The financial summary and highlights are as follows:
Note: The above figures are extracted from the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements as per Indian Accounting 
Standards (Ind AS).
Dividend:
In view of the accumulated losses, the Board of directors of your Company has not recommended any dividend for the year under 
review.
Transfer to reserves:
In view of the accumulated losses, the Board of directors of your Company has not transferred any amount to the reserves for the 
year under review.
Change in the nature of business:
There was no change in nature of the business of the Company during the financial year ended on March 31, 2025.
Share Capital:
As on March 31, 2025, the paid up share capital of your Company stood at ₹ 66,41,40,710/- divided into 6,64,14,071 equity shares of 
₹ 10/- each.
Disclosure under section 43(a)(ii) of the Companies Act, 2013: 
The Company has not issued any shares with differential rights and hence no information as per provisions of Section 43(a)(ii) of the 
Act read with Rule 4(4) of the Companies (Share Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014 has been furnished. 
Disclosure under section 54(1)(d) of the Companies Act, 2013: 
The Company has not issued any sweat equity shares during the financial year under review and hence no information as per 
provisions of Section 54(1)(d) of the Act read with Rule 8(13) of the Companies (Share Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014 has been 
furnished. 
Disclosure under section 55(2) & 77 of the Companies Act, 2013: 
The Company has not redeemed any shares / debentures during the financial year under review and hence no information as per 
provisions of Section 55(2) & 77 of the Act read with the Companies (Share Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014 has been furnished. 
Disclosure under section 62(1)(b) of the Companies Act, 2013: 
The Company has not issued any equity shares under Employees Stock Option Scheme ('ESOS') during the financial year under 
review and hence no information as per provisions of Section 62(1)(b) of the Act read with Rule 12(9) of the Companies (Share 
Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014 has been furnished. 
Disclosure under section 67(3) of the Companies Act, 2013: 
During the financial year under review, there were no instances of non-exercising of voting rights in respect of shares purchased 
 (₹ in Lakhs)
PARTICULARS Standalone Consolidated
2024-25 2023-24 2024-25 2023-24
Revenue from operations 54,382 55,735 54,382 55,735
Other income (Net) 693 793 775 799
Total Revenue 55,075 56,528 55,157 56,534
Total Expense 54,327 55,011 55,753 55,126
Proﬁt before Exceptional items 748 1,517 (596) 1,408
Exceptional Items 995 - 995 -
Proﬁt / (Loss) before tax 1,743 1,517 399 1,408
Tax Expense 18 25
Proﬁt / (Loss) after tax 1,725 1,514 374 1,408
Total other comprehensive income 2,867 (2,356) 2,867 (2,356)
Total comprehensive income for the period 4,592 (839) 3,241
- -
(948)
22
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 24]]
directly by employees under a scheme pursuant to Section 67(3) of the Act read with Rule 16(4) of Companies (Share Capital and 
Debentures) Rules, 2014 and hence no information has been furnished.
Transfer to Investor Education and Protection Fund: 
The Company has transfered ₹ 10.30 lakhs to the Investors Education and Protection Fund (IEPF), pertaining to matured deposit 
along with interest amount therein.
The details of Nodal Officer of the Company, in line with the provisions of IEPF Regulat ions are available on the website of the 
Company at https://kirloskarelectric.com/investors/investors-information/investor-contacts.html.
Fixed deposits:
Note: During the year under review, the Company has transferred the matured & unclaimed deposit of ₹10,00,000/- (Rupees Ten 
Lakhs only) along with the interest amount ₹29,795/- (Rupees Twenty Nine Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety Five Only) to IEPF, 
as the Company did not receive claim from the deposit holders. The Company took all efforts to contact the FD Holders by sending 
them reminders. There are no other unpaid or unclaimed Fixed Deposits with the Company. 
Credit Ratings:
Information regarding credit ratings obtained by the Company for the year under review has been given under the Corporate 
Governance Report which forms part of this Annual Report. 
Subsidiaries, associate companies & joint ventures:
The Company has four wholly owned subsidiaries, one step-down subsidiary, one associate Company and one Joint Venture.
The consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries are prepared in accordance with the applicable 
accounting standards, issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and forms part of this Annual Report. 
Neither the Executive Chairman and nor the Whole-time directors of the Company receive any remuneration or commission from 
any of its subsidiaries or associate Company.
Pursuant to Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, the reports on 
the performance and financial position of each of the subsidiary and associate companies have been provided in Form AOC-1 
appended to this report.
Company has filed an application for the merger by absorption of four wholly-owned subsidiary companies - KELBUZZ Trading 
Private Limited (KTPL), Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited (LPPL), SLPKG Estate H oldings Private Limited (SEHPL) and SKG 
Terra Promenade Private Limited (STPPL) - with the holding company, Kirloskar Electri c Company Limited (KECL), before the 
National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT), Bengaluru Bench, on October 31, 2024. The appointed date for this amalgamation is April 
1, 2024. The Company is yet to receive the final merger order in this regard. Necessary information regarding this has been intimated 
to the Stock Exchanges and is also available on the website of the Company.
Directors and Key Managerial Personnel:
Your Company has a well-diversified Board comprising of directors having skills, competencies and expertise in various areas to 
ensure effective corporate governance of the Company. 
As on March 31, 2025, the Board comprised of 11 (Eleven) directors, out of which 6 (six) were Non-Executive Independent Directors, 
02 (Two) Non Executive Non Independent Women Directors and 03 (three) Executive Directors. The Company is in compliance with 
the regulation 17 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”).  
In accordance with the provisions of section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Vijay 
Ravindra Kirloskar (DIN: 00031253), a Non-Executive Director being longest in the office, shall retire by rotation and being eligible, 
has offered himself for re-appointment. The resolution seeking members' approval for his re-appointment forms part of the AGM 
Notice.
During the year under review, the Independent Directors, namely Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi (DIN: 00004969), Mr. Satyanarayan Agarwal 
(DIN: 00111187) & Mr. Anil Kumar Bhandari (DIN: 00031194) have completed their second term, comprising five consecutive years, 
23
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
Sl.No. Particulars (₹in Lakhs)
1. Accepted / renewed during the year Nil
2. Remained unpaid or unclaimed at the end of the year. Nil
3. Whether there has been any default in repayment of depo sits or payment of interest thereon during 
the year and if so, number of such cases and the total amount involved:-
• At the beginning of the year
• Maximum during the year
• At the end of the year
N/A
4. Details of deposits which are not in compliance with the requirem ents of Chapter V of the Act; Nil
[[PAGE 25]]
and have retired from their directorships effective from the close of business hours on September 20, 2024.
Ms. Rukmini Kirloskar (DIN: 00309266) was appointed as Director liable to retire by the rotation with effect from May 23, 2024 by the 
members of the Company by way of postal ballot on August 22, 2024 as required under the Regulation 17 (1C) of SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
Mr. K N Shanth Kumar (DIN: 00487956) was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for a t erm of five (05) 
consecutive years, with effect from May 23, 2024 by the members of the Company by way of postal ballot on August 22, 2024 as 
required under the Regulation 17 (1C) of SEBI Listing Regulations.
Mr. Mohammed Saad Bin Jung (DIN: 00264525) was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for a term of five (05) 
consecutive years with effect from August 6, 2024 by the members of the Company at the 7  Annual General Meeting held on 
th
7
September 16, 2024, as required under the Regulation 17 (1C) of SEBI Listing Regulations.
Dr. Pangal Ranganath Nayak (DIN: 01507096) was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for a term of five (05) 
consecutive years, with effect from August 6, 2024 by the members of the Company at the 7  Annual General Meeting held on 
th
7
September 16, 2024, as required under the Regulation 17 (1C) of SEBI Listing Regulations.
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar Shivappa (DIN: 08673340) was reappointed as the Whole-time director in the capacity of Director (Finance) & 
Chief Financial Officer of the Company for a term of one (01) year with effect from February 14, 2025. The members of the Company 
has approved the reappointment of Mr. Sanjeev Kumar Shivappa by way of Postal Ballot on April 24, 2025. 
Mr. Anand B Hunnur (DIN: 06650798) was re-appointed as the Managing Director of the Company for a period of three (03) years 
with effect from July 12, 2025. The Board recommends his re-appointment at the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.
During the year under review, the Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) of the Company had no pecuniary relationship or transactions 
with the Company, other than sitting fees, commission and reimbursement of expenses incurred by them, if applicable, for the 
purpose of attending Board/ Committee meetings of the Company. 
The Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company as on March 31, 2025 were Mr. Vijay R Kirl oskar, Executive Director,           
Mr. Anand B Hunnur, Managing Director, Mr. Sanjeev Kumar Shivappa, Director (Finance) & C hief Financial Officer and                 
Mr. Mahabaleshwar Bhat,  General Manager – Corporate Affairs & Company Secretary.  
Declaration by Independent Directors
In terms of the provisions of Section 149(7) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has received declarations from all the 
Independent Directors stating that they continue to meet the criteria of independence as provided under the provisions of Section 
149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Rules made there under and the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
In terms of regulation 25(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations,  have confirmed that they are not aware of any Independent Directors
circumstances or situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their ability to discharge their 
duties. Based on the declarations received from the Independent Directors, the Board has confirmed that  Independent Directors
meet the criteria of independence as mentioned under regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI Listing Regulations and that they are independent 
of the management. 
All Independent Directors have affirmed compliance to the code of conduct for Independent Directors as prescribed in Schedule IV of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and the Code of Conduct for Directors and senior management personnel formulated by the Company.
All Independent Directors have registered their names in the Independent Director's Databank. In the opinion of the Board, the 
Independent Directors so appointed / re-appointed possess the requisite expertise, experience and proficiency and are of integrity.
Evaluation of Directors, Committees and the Board:
The evaluation process has been explained in the Corporate Governance Report which forms part of the annual report.
Number of meetings of the Board of Directors and its Committees:
The Board of directors met 06 (Six) times during the financial year 2024-25 under review through Video Conference mode / other 
audio visual means mode. 
The maximum interval between any two meetings was within the maximum allowed gap pursuant to the Companies Act, 2013 and 
SEBI Listing Regulations read with the Circulars issued by MCA and SEBI 
The Board meetings were held on May 23, 2024, August 06, 2024, September 16, 2024, November 05, 2024, February 12, 2025 and 
March 25, 2025. 
The composition and the details of the meetings of the Board and its Committee held during the year are contained in the Corporate 
Governance Report which forms part of the annual report. 
Nomination and Remuneration Policy:
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is responsible for recommending to the Board, a policy relating to the appointment 
24
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 26]]
and remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees. The Nomination and Remuneration Policy is 
available on the website of the Company at https://kirloskarelectric.com/investors/investors-information/policies.html.
Features of Nomination and Remuneration Policy:
· The policy has been framed in line with the Company's philosophy to ensure equitable remuneration to all the directors, key 
managerial personnel (KMP) and employees of the Company.
· The policy lays down the criteria, terms and conditions including qualifications and positive attributes for identifying persons 
who are qualified to become directors (executive and non-executive / Independent) and persons who may be appointed in 
senior management and key managerial positions of the company.
· The policy determines the remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees based on the Company's 
size and financial position and trends and practices on remuneration prevailing in peer companies.
· This Policy is divided in three parts: 
 Part – A: covers matters to be dealt by the committee.
 Part – B: covers appointments and nominations.
 Part – C: covers remuneration and perquisites etc.
Risk Management Policy:
Your Company has devised and implemented a comprehensive 'Risk Management Policy' which provides for identification, 
assessment and control of risks that the company would face in the normal course of business and mitigation measures associated 
with them. The Management identifies and controls risks through a properly defined framework in terms of the aforesaid policy. The 
Risk management policy has been appended to this report as Annexure-I.
Conservation of energy, technology absorption, Research & development and foreign exchange earnings and outgo:
The relevant data pertaining to conservation of energy, technology absorption and other details are given in the Annexure - II, which 
forms part of this report.
Management Discussion and Analysis:
The Management Discussion and Analysis Report (“MDAR”) for the year under review, as prescribed under Part B of Schedule V 
read with Regulation 34 of the SEBI Listing Regulations is appended hereto as Annexure – III and forms part of this report.
Managerial remuneration:
The information required under Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is disclosed in the Annexure - IV.
Particulars of employees:
In terms of the provisions of Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules 5(2) & 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, as amended, a statement showing disclosures pertaining to 
remuneration and also the names and other particulars of the employees drawing remuneration in excess of limits set out in the said 
rules are provided in a separate Annexure to the Board's Report which forms part of the annual report. The report and the accounts 
are being sent to the Members excluding the aforesaid annexure and in terms of Section 136 of the Companies Act 2013, the said 
annexure is open for inspection. Any Member interested in obtaining a copy of the same may write to the Company Secretary at 
investors@kirloskarelectric.com
Annual Return:
According to the provisions of Section 134(3)(a), a copy of annual return i.e., Form MGT-7 for the year ended March 31, 2024 has 
been placed on the Company's website: https://kirloskarelectric.com/investors/investors-information/ﬁnancial.html.
Director's Responsibility Statement:
We, the Directors of your Company, confirm, to the best of our knowledge and ability that:-
(a) in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards have been followed and there are no material 
departures;
(b) we have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at the end of the financial year and 
of the profit / loss of the Company for that period;
(c) we have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions 
of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
25
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 27]]
(d) we have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis;
(e) we have laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Company and such internal financial controls are adequate 
and operating effectively.
(f) we have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws to the Company and that such 
systems were adequate and operating effectively.
Particulars of loans, guarantee, investments and securities: 
There were no loans and advances, guarantees, investments made or security given to any Body Corporate by the Company during 
the financial year 202 -2 .4 5
Particulars of loans, advances, investments as required under the listing regulations: 
The details of related party disclosures with respect to loans, advances, investment at the year end and maximum outstanding 
amount thereof during the year as required (under part A of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations) have been provided in the notes to 
the financial statement of Company.
Your directors draw attention of the members to note no. 17 & 3 (9) of the standalone financial statements which sets out the details 6
of loan and advance, guarantee or investment.
Particulars of contracts or arrangements with related parties:
All contracts/ arrangements/ transactions entered by the Company during the FY 202 -2  with related parties were on an arm's 4 5
length basis and in the ordinary course of business and approved by the Audit Committee. Certain transactions, which were 
repetitive in nature, were approved through omnibus route.
There were no material transactions of the Company with any of its related parties as per the Act. Therefore the disclosure of the 
Related Party Transactions as required under Section 134(3)(h) of the Act in AOC-2 is not applicable to the Company for FY 2024-25 
and, hence, the same is not required to be provided.
During the FY 202 -2 , the Non-Executive Directors of the Company had no pecuniary relationship or transactions with the 4 5
Company other than sitting fees and reimbursement of expenses, as applicable. The Policy on Related Party Transaction is 
available on the Company's website: https://www.kir loskarelectric.com/images/pdf/investor/policies/Pol icy-on-related-party-
transactions.pdf.
Your directors draw attention of the members to note no. 36(9) to the standalone financials statement which sets out the related party 
disclosures.
Corporate Social Responsibility:
Since criteria's for the applicability of CSR spending are not attracted to the Company, there  no obligation for the Company to was
spend CSR amount for the FY 2024-25.  However the CSR committee has been constituted and also CSR policy has been framed.
The policy can be accessed at the following URL:       https://www.kirloskarelectric.com/investors/investors-information/policies.html.
A responsibility statement of the CSR Committee that the implementation and monitoring of CSR policy is in compliance 
with CSR objectives and policy of the Company:
The CSR Committee hereby confirms that the implementation and monitoring of CSR policy has been carried out with all reasonable 
care and diligence and the same is in compliance with the CSR objectives and the policy of the Company. However, as explained 
above the CSR provisions are not applicable to the Company for the FY 2024-25 as per the requirements mentioned in the 
Companies Act, 2013.
Material Changes affecting the Company:
There have been no material changes and commitments affecting the financial positions of the Company between the end of the 
financial year and date of this report. There has been no change in the nature of business of the Company.
Significant and Material orders passed by the Regulators or Courts:
There were no significant and material orders passed against the Company by the regulators or courts or tribunals during financial 
year 2024-25 impacting the going concern status and Company's operations in future. 
Vigil mechanism for Directors and Employees:
The Company has adopted a Whistle Blower Policy establishing vigil mechanism, to provide a formal procedural course to the 
directors and employees to report their concerns about any poor or unacceptable practices or any event of misconduct or violation of 
Company's code of conduct. The purpose of this policy is to provide a framework to secure whistle blowing incidents and to protect 
the employees who are willing to raise concerns about serious irregularities within the Company. The policy provides for adequate 
safeguards against victimization of employees who avail of the mechanism and also provides for direct access to the Chairman of 
26
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 28]]
the Audit Committee. It is affirmed that no personnel of the Company has been denied access to the Audit Committee. The policy of 
Vigil Mechanism is available on the Company's website at https://kirloskarelectric.com/investors/investorsinformation/policies.html.
Statutory auditor:
Pursuant to the provisions of section 139 and other applicable sections of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Companies (Audit and 
th
Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, the Company at its 77  AGM has re-appointed M/s. Prabhashankar & Co., Chartered 
th
Accountants (Firm Registration No: 004982S) as the Statutory Auditors for a period of 3 years ti ll the Conclusion of 80  Annual 
General Meeting. 
Auditors' Report: 
The standalone and the consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under Section 133 of the Act. 
The Auditors' Report is enclosed with the financial statements in this Report. The Statutory Auditors were present in the last  AGM.
Branch auditor:
M/s. BMS Auditing, Chartered Accountants, UAE were reappointed as the auditors for conducting audit of sales office at Ajman, 
UAE. Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company has proposed to appoint, M/s. 
BMS Auditing, Chartered Accountants, as auditors for conducting audit of sales office at Ajman, UAE and to hold the office from the 
th th
conclusion of 78  Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of 79  Annual General Meeting of the Company subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company.
Internal auditor:
The Company had appointed M/s. T. Sriram, Mehta & Tadimalla, Chartered Accountants (FRN: 004064S), Bengaluru as its internal 
auditors for the year 2024-25.
Cost auditor:
M/s. Rao, Murthy and Associates, Cost Accountants (Firm Registration no. 000065), were appointed as cost auditors of the 
Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. The Board of Directors of your Company has fixed ₹450,000/- (Rupees Four 
Lakhs Fifty Thousand only) as audit fees, which requires ratification by the members of the Company in terms of the applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, a resolution seeking members' approval has been set forth in the notice of the 
th
78  Annual General Meeting of the Company. 
Disclosure under section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013:
During the period under review, the Company has conducted the audit of cost records and maintained the cost records as specified 
by the Central Government under section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013.
Secretarial auditor: 
M/s. S P Ghali & Co., Company Secretaries, Belgaum were appointed as secretarial auditors of the Company to conduct secretarial 
audit for the financial year 2024-25 in terms of the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013. The audit report is enclosed 
as Form MR - 3.
Further, as per Regulation 24A (1) (b) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Section 204 of 
the Companies Act, 2013, and based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 
July 10, 2025, has approved the appointment of Mr. Sudheendra P Ghali (Membership no. FCS 7037 & COP no. 7537) Proprietor of 
M/s. S. P. Ghali & Co., Company Secretary, Belgaum as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a period of five (5) consecutive 
years, commencing on from financial year 2025-26 till financial year 2029-30, to conduct Secretarial Audit of the Company and to 
furnish the Secretarial Audit Report.
th
The resolution for appointment of secretarial auditor for a period of five years forms part of notice of 78  Annual General Meeting. 
Explanations or comments on auditors' qualifications / adverse remarks / emphasis on matters:
a. The subsidiaries are taking active steps to repay the dues of the Company, from collection of book debts assigned and from 
disposal of immovable properties transferred apart from debts transferred as referred in the auditor's qualification. The Board of 
directors is confident of realization of entire amounts due from the Subsidiaries or realizing much more amount from the sale of 
immovable properties.
b. The Company is in the process of completing the review and reconciliation of receivables / book debts and in our opinion any 
further provision required will not have material impact on the financial results of the Company and we are confident of realizing 
the book debts.
 The detailed Company's explanation thereto has been given in the relevant notes to accounts.
Secretarial Standards:
During the financial year 2024-25, the Company has complied with provisions of applicable Secretarial standards issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
27
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 29]]
28
Reporting of Fraud by Auditors: 
During the year, under section 143(12) of the Companies Act 2013, neither the Internal Auditors, Statutory Auditors nor Secretarial 
Auditors have reported to the Audit Committee or the Board of the Company any material fraud by its officers or employees therefore 
no details are required to be disclosed under Section 134(3)(ca) of the Companies Act, 2013.
Details in respect of adequacy of internal financial controls with reference to the financial statement:
The Company has a robust system of internal financial control, which is in operation. The internal financial controls have been 
documented, digitized and embedded in the day to day affairs of the business process of the Company. The effectiveness of the 
internal financial controls are obtained through management reviews at regular intervals, assessments, monitoring by the functional 
experts as well as auditing of the internal control systems by the internal auditors during the course of their audits. We believe that 
these systems provide better assurance that our internal financial control systems are well designed and are operating effectively.
Corporate Governance:
Your Company is committed to maintain the highest standards of Corporate Governance and adheres to the Corporate Governance 
requirements set out by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”).
Your Company's corporate governance report for the financial year 2024-25 is appended to this annual report. A certificate on the 
status of compliance on corporate governance is also appended and forms part of this annual report.
Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace:
Your Company has zero tolerance policy in case of sexual harassment at workplace and committed to provide a healthy environment 
to each and every employee of the Company. Your Company has in place 'Policy on Sexual Harassment Redressal' and all 
employees (permanent, contractual, temporary, trainees) are covered under this policy. 
Your Company has complied with the provisions relating to the constitution of Internal Complaints Committee under the Sexual 
Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. Further, we report as follows for the year 
ended on March 31, 2025:
Statement on compliance with Maternity Benefit Act, 1961
As per the provisions of Companies (Accounts) Second Amendment Rules, 2025, it is hereby confirmed that the Company has 
complied with all the applicable provisions of Maternity Benefit  Act, 1961.
Merger and Acquisitions (M&A): 
An application for the merger by absorption of four wholly-owned subsidiary companies - KELBUZZ Trading Private Limited (KTPL), 
Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited (LPPL), SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited (SEHPL), and SKG Terra Promenade Private 
Limited (STPPL) - with the holding company, Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (KECL), was filed before the National Company 
Law Tribunal (NCLT), Bengaluru Bench, on October 31, 2024. The appointed date for this amalgamation is April 1, 2024. All 
directions issued by the NCLT have been adhered to by the Company, with relevant filings and disclosures made periodically.
th
Participation and voting at 78  AGM:
Pursuant to the General Circular No. 09/2024 dated September 19, 2024, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and 
Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 3, 2024 issued by SEBI (hereinafter collectively referred to as 
th
“the Circulars”), the 78  AGM of the Company will be held through VC/OAVM. Electronic copy of the Annual Report for the year ended 
March 31, 2025 and Notice of the AGM are being sent to all the members electronically whose email ID s are registered with the 
Company / Depository Participants(s) for communication purposes and a letter providing the web-link, where complete details of the 
Annual Report is available to those members who have not so registered.
A copy of the notice of the AGM and annual report are also available for download from the website of the Company at 
www.kirloskarelectric.com. 
Disclosure with respect to compliance to SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended from time to time:
The details with respect to Compliance with the SEBI Listing Regulations during the year are contained in the Corporate Governance 
Report which forms part of the annual report.
Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process (CIRP):
As already disclosed in the previous year, two petitions seeking to initiate a Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process (CIRP) against 
the Company were filed before the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT), Bengaluru Bench, in accordance with Section 7 of the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 read with Rule 4 of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy (Application to Adjudicating Authority) 
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
Sl. No Particulars Status
1 No of complaints received in the year Nil
2 No of complaints disposed oﬀ in the year Nil
3 Cases pending for more than 90 days Nil
4 No of workshops and awareness programme(s) conducted in th e year   2
5 Nature of action by employer or District oﬃce, if any Nil
[[PAGE 30]]
By the order of the Board of Directors
For Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
 
                Sd/-
Vijay R Kirloskar
                         Executive Chairman
DIN: 00031253
Place: Bengaluru        
Date: 10.07.2025 
29
Rules, 2016. Both of these petitions were dismissed by the NCLT Bengaluru bench. While appeals were initially filed with the 
National Company Law Appellate Tribunal, Chennai, the applicants have since withdrawn them. Therefore, there were no 
proceedings either filed by the Company or against the Company, pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, before 
the National Company Law Tribunal or any other court.
Other disclosures and affirmations 
There was no instance of one-time settlement with any bank or financial institution during the reporting period. 
Acknowledgements:
The Board of Directors takes the opportunity to express its sincere appreciation for the continued support and confidence received 
from the Company's bankers, customers, suppliers, depositors and the shareholders.
The Company considers its employees as its most valuable asset. Employees at all levels have put in their best to the services of the 
Company and the Board puts on record the sincere appreciation of their dedication and loyalty.  
                      
             Annexure – I
RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY
Risk management is the process of indentifying, measuring and minimizing uncertain events affecting resources. Enterprise risk 
management is about optimizing the process with which risks are taken and managed. The Company needs to assess which method 
best suits its objectives and its business. Risk management oversees and ensures the integrity of the process with which risks are 
taken. An attempt has been made by way of this document to identify the risk associated with the Company and the policies required 
to be adopted to mitigate the same.
Risk Management
i) The Board, its Audit Committee and its executive management should collectively identify the ri sks impacting the Company's 
business and document their process of risk identification, risk minimization, risk optimization as a part of a risk management 
policy or strategy.
ii) The Board should also affirm and disclose in its report to members that it has put in place critical risk management framework 
across the Company, which is overseen once every six months by the Board. The disclosure should also include a statement of 
those elements of risk, that the Board feels, may threaten the existence of the Company. 
It has therefore become mandatory for the listed companies to prepare a comprehensive framework of risk management for 
assessment of risks and determine the responses to these risks so as to minimize their adverse impact on the organization. 
KECL recognizes that risk is an integral and unavoidable component of business and is committed to managing the risk in a 
proactive and effective manner
The Company believes that the Risk cannot be eliminated. However, it can be: 
· Transferred to another party, who is willing to take risk, say by buying an insurance policy or entering into a forward contract; 
· Reduced, by having good internal controls; 
· Avoided, by not entering into risky businesses; 
· Retained, to either avoid the cost of trying to reduce risk or in anticipation of higher profits by taking on more risk, and; 
· Shared, by following a middle path between retaining and transferring risk. 
The Risk Management policy of the Company shall primarily focus on identifying, assessing and managing risks in the following 
areas:
1. Company assets and property
2. Employees
3. Foreign Currency Risks
4. Operational Risks
5. Non-compliance of statutory enactments
6. Competition risks
7. Contractual risks
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 31]]
30
1.  Policy for managing risks associated with Company assets and property
 The policy deals with nature of risk involved in relation to assets and property, objectives of risk management and measures to 
manage risk. The risk management policy relating to assets aims at ensuring proper security and maintenance of assets and 
adequate coverage of insurance to facilitate speedy replacement of assets with minimal disruption to operations. The role and 
responsibilities of the departments shall be identified to ensure adequate physical security and maintenance of its assets.
2.  Policy for managing risk relating to employees
 The employees constitute the most important asset of the Company. The risk management policy relating to employees is 
therefore necessary to cover all risks related to employees and their acts/omissions. 
 The policy deals with the nature of risk involved in relation to employees, objectives of risk management and measures to 
manage risk. In particular, the objectives of employee related risk management policy aims at reducing attrition rate, providing 
adequate security to employees in relation to life, disability, accident and sickness, providing adequate legal safeguards to 
protect confidential information, and protecting the Company from any contractual liability due to misconduct/errors/omissions 
of employees.
3.  Policy for managing foreign currency risk
 The revenues of the Company are from both domestic and international sources. The Company at times may resorts to long-
term and short-term borrowings in foreign currency to finance expansion plans and growth. Any such move would attract the 
risk associated with frequent changes in valuation of foreign currencies.
 The objective of foreign currency risk management is to protect cash flows and profit margins from volatility on account of 
fluctuations in exchange rates. The Policy for foreign currency risk management ensures that the treasury department 
continuously tracks movement of foreign currencies, avails services of experts and hedges the risk through appropriate 
mechanism such as forwarding contracts/options.
4.  Operational risks
 The Company is constantly working to limit the operational risk that run through all the facets of  operations. This requires the 
combined efforts and support from all units including branches. The startup database of loss events is populated from internal 
audit reports. Apparent trends are analyzed and various operating groups combine into task forces to address these. The 
business continuity plan is reviewed quarterly by each unit. 
5.  Risks associated with non-compliance of statutory enactments
 The Company being a legal entity engaged in manufacturing activity and listed on National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (BSE).  In view of the same, the Company is required to ensure compliance of 
provisions of various applicable statutory enactments, failure to comply one or more such provisions may render strict penalties 
as may be prescribed under such statutory enactments.
 The Company shall ensure that qualified professionals are employed to comply with various laws. In addition to statutory 
audits, the Company shall promote undertaking of internal audit/s at different levels periodically to ensure timely check on 
statutory compliances.
6.  Competition risks
 Risk of competition is inherent to all business activities. The Company faces competition from the existing players in the 
domestic and international levels operating in the segment in which the Company operates. There is always an inherent risk 
that the existing competition may further get acute with the advent of new players and foreign players. 
 The Company needs to continuously upgrade its technology by conducting in-house research activities and should also have 
an updated knowledge about the requirement as per the industry standards. The Company is providing tailor made products to 
its customers so as to be ahead with other competitors. Further, the Company's strategy shall be to leverage its investments in 
its own high-profile brands, thereby leading to consolidation and value creation.
7.  Contractual risks
 There may be instances of defaults by customer/s in fulfilling contractual obligations as a result of which the Company may face 
financial losses. Similarly, defaults by the Company in fulfilling one or more contractual obli gations due to reasons such as 
misrepresentations, breach of warranties etc cannot be ruled out.
 The Company shall ensure that proper drafting of the contract and adequate indemnity clauses are incorporated in the 
contracts entered into with one or more parties. In addition, internal controls from technical team and strict supervisions and 
checks on execution of contracts and delivery be undertaken.  
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
By the order of the Board of Directors
For Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
                Sd/-
Vijay R Kirloskar
                         Executive Chairman
DIN: 00031253
Place: Bengaluru        
Date: 10.07.2025 
[[PAGE 32]]
31
                    Annexure – II
DISCLOSURE OF PARTICULARS REGARDING CONSERVATION OF ENERGY AND TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
A. Conservation of Energy:
 a) Steps taken for conservation of energy: 
  The Company is continually exploring new ways to make its operations more efficient by putting technology to use for direct   
energy savings and increasing renewable energy sources.
  The Company conserves energy by:-
  1. Improving system power factor.
  2. Reduction of maximum demand and restricting the maximum demand to billing demand.
  3. Monitoring of energy consumption and further requisite follow-up.
  4. Optimum utilization of high energy consuming electrical equipments like winding machines.
  5. Air-compressor pressure is maintained at reduced pressure with fixed timing and air leakages arrested.
  6. Installation of capacitor panels.
 b) Steps taken to utilize alternate source of energy:
  1. Implementation of induction brazing processes.
  2. Optimization of varnish impregnation process
  3. Installation of system to ensure uniform temperature.
  4. Energy conservation audit through external audit agency.
 c) Capital investment on energy conservation equipment: NIL
B. Technology Absorption:
 a) the efforts made towards technology absorption:-
  1. Efforts made, in brief, for technology absorption, adaptation and innovation.
    - In-house training of personnel.
    - Indigenization of materials, components and processes.
  2. Future plan of action
    - Upgradation of existing technology
    - Development of new processes
  3. Research and development is undertaken for the range of all the existing products, lowering costs and process   
improvements, indigenization or alternate sourcing of materials and development of energy efficient products.
 b) Benefits derived from above:-
1. Benefits derived as a result of the above efforts  
    - Enhanced product range
    - Quality improvement
    - Development of new products
  2. Process improvement resulting in higher production.
  3. Development of in-house skills for manufacture of high precision products.
  4. Enhanced design and product capability to achieve customer satisfaction.
  5. Product range extension to reach newer markets.
  6. Special motors for vehicle application developed.
  7. To enhance product performance and for better customer satisfaction, your Company will continue in:-
    · Upgrading existing technology.
    · Extending range of its products.
    · Developing new processes.
    · Applying research and value engineering.
 c) In case of imported technology (imported during the last thr ee years reckoned from the beginning of the financial  
year)-
  (a)  Detail of Technology Imported – Nil
  (b)  The year of import – NA
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 33]]
  
32
  (c)  Has the technology been fully absorbed - NA
  (d)  If not fully absorbed, areas where this has not taken place, reasons there for and future plan of action – NA        
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
d) Expenditure on R & D:
 (₹ in Lakhs)
  Capita   l                                     
  Recur  r  i  n   g                                 
  T  o   t  a   l                                        
Total R & D Expenditure 
Nil
25.37
25.37
25.37
(iii) Repatriation of Proﬁt     0.00
  (iv) Other s        0.00
During the year, the Company has exports (FOB Value) worth ₹ 2,723.45 /- Lakhs.
a) Foreign Exchange earned:      (₹ in Lakhs)
 The  Company has continued to maintain focus and avail export opportunities based on economic considerations. 
   (i) FOB value of goods exported (net) of sales  2,723.45 /-
  (ii) Dividend on shares (net of tax)   0.00
b) Foreign Exchange Used
Value of imports calculated on the CIF basis.  (₹ in Lakhs)
(i) Raw materials & Components and spare parts 32.02 /-
 (ii) Capital Go o   d   s    0.00
By the order of the Board of Directors
For Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
 
               Sd/-
Vijay R Kirloskar
                         Executive Chairman
DIN: 00031253
Place: Bengaluru        
Date: 10.07.2025
as a % of total turnover    0.05%
  C. Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo:
1.   A  ctivities relating to export:
2. Total foreign exchange used and earned.
 
[[PAGE 34]]
Annexure - III
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT
Global Economy Outlook
The global economy showed resilience in 2024, growing at a strong annualized rate of 3.2% in the latter half of the year. However, 
this growth is projected to slow slightly, with global GDP expanding by 3.1% in 2025 and 3.0% in 2026. This moderation is largely due 
to increased trade barriers in several G20 economies and greater policy uncertainty, which are expected to dampen investment and 
household spending.
The global economy, including India, is going through heightened uncertainties as the global trade war continues. Notably the 
Russia-Ukraine war and middle east conflicts, continue to drive volatility. While some supply chain shocks have eased, inflation 
remains slightly elevated in certain regions, especially the US, due to tariff pressures. The reciprocal tariffs recently announced are 
considerably larger than anticipated, impacting not only India but also other nations. This escalation risks aggravating the global 
trade war, which could negatively affect both global and Indian growth if not amicably resolved in the near future. 
With the ongoing trade war, the RBI governor has highlighted that there are several known & unknowns that make quantification of 
the adverse impact difficult. 
Industry outlook 
The World Bank projects India's economy to remain exceptionally strong, with an average growth rate of 6.7 percent per fiscal year 
from 2024 through 2026, solidifying South Asia's position as the world's fastest-growing region. This robust performance is 
underpinned by strong domestic demand, a significant increase in investment, and resilient services sector activity.
India's economy is somewhat shielded from the global trade war because it doesn't rely heavily on international trade. However, in 
today's connected world, India won't be completely unaffected by rising global uncertainties. Even before the trade war grew, India's 
economic growth was slowing down, and widespread consumer spending is still a challenge. The global trade war is likely to make 
India's economic growth even tougher. On the bright side, domestic inflation is slowing, which is a positive amid worries about 
growth.
Despite a challenging global environment marked by ongoing geopolitical tensions and trade uncertainties, India is firmly advancing 
th
its 'Viksit Bharat 2047' roadmap. This ambitious plan aims for India to achieve developed nation status by its 100  year of 
independence. The government continues to drive this vision through substantial investments in infrastructure and a strong focus on 
boosting the manufacturing sector, demonstrating a clear commitment to fostering economic growth and stability.
Business Performance
To maintain a strong competitive position, the Company has proactively optimized costs, streamlined its workforce, and 
consolidated manufacturing operations. The Company manufactures and supplies varieties of electrical capital equipments ranging 
from AC Motors, DC Motors, EV Motors, Traction, AC Generators, DG Sets, S witchgears and Transformers etc., to the core 
economic sectors such as:
The Company upholds standards through the adoption of advanced technologies and dedicated in-house R&D. Our extensive track 
record of customization projects in Defense, Railways, Power, and complex industrial applications is driven by our robust 
engineering and R&D infrastructure and the profound expertise, diligence, and skill of our highly qualified engineers.
Opportunities
We are strategically positioned to capitalize on significant business opportunities in both domestic and international markets through 
· Defense
 Metro Rail
 Nuclear Power
 Sugar
 Power Transmission & Distribution
 Data Centers
 Pharmaceutical
 Water & Irrigation
 Electronics
 Fertilizer
 Textile
 Steel and Metals
 Building and Infrastructure
· Oil and Gas Refineries 
· Railways
· Thermal
· Mining
· Port & Shipping
· IT & Telecom
· FMCG
· Green Hydrogen
· Renewable (Solar, Floating Solar, Wind, and Hydro)
· Chemical
· Automobile
· Paper
· Cement
33
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 35]]
2025-2026. Domestically, India's robust infrastructure development, substantial investments in renewable energy, and ongoing 
industrial modernization, supported by initiatives like "Make in India," will fuel demand for our di verse electrical equipment. 
Internationally, the global energy transition, the infrastructure needs of emerging economies, and the increasing requirement for 
specialized, custom-built electrical solutions present avenues for expansion. 
India's burgeoning solar sector offers a significant growth opportunity. Driven by strong government backing and falling costs, this 
rapid expansion creates substantial demand for our core products in solar power generation, distribution, and storage. Furthermore, 
the solar industry's synergy with the growing electric vehicle (EV) market and the broader electrical sector provides additional 
avenues, as solar power will be vital for charging infrastructure and potentially next-generation EVs, requiring robust motor, 
generator, and switchgear solutions.
Threats
Our company's future financial performance will be significantly shaped by the evolving global economy. We anticipate moderate 
global growth, the continuation of protectionist trade policies, and ongoing geopolitical tensions. This presents a risk of volatile input 
costs for us, given our reliance on imported critical components like CRGO electrical steel.
Intense competition from both domestic and global players, often offering lower-cost products, pressures pricing and margins. 
Volatile raw material costs, especially for critical inputs like copper, iron, and steel, poses a significant risk, as these costs constitute a 
large portion of overall production expenses, and the ability to fully pass on such increases to customers remains a challenge. 
Furthermore, global economic slowdowns or escalating geopolitical tensions could curb industrial demand and export growth.
Despite market dynamics, our business maintains a robust product portfolio that spans all relevant industry sectors.
Segment wise or product wise performance
Your Company has identified the reportable segments as rotating machines group, power generation and distribution group and 
others, taking into account the nature of products and services, the different risks and returns and the internal reporting systems. 
The segment wise turnover of your Company is as follows: 
Note: figures has been regrouped as per IND-AS.
KECL's operational resilience stems from its diversified client base and robust order inflow, mini mizing reliance on any single 
industry, customer, or region. This strategic diversification insulates the Company from sector-specific downturns and regional 
economic slowdowns, thereby bolstering revenue stability.
We expect demand for our diversified product portfolio across sectors like Defense, Railways, and various industrial sectors, 
supported by government's initiatives to boost domestic manufacturing. We prudently navigate persistent intense competition, 
volatile raw material prices, and the need for continuous technological upgrades. While the Company is committed to enhancing 
internal strengths, including operational efficiencies and strategic debt management, maintaining consistent profitability amidst 
these external pressures will be crucial.
Risks mitigation measures
Recognizing that unstable growth in core sectors poses a significant risk, we've implemented several strategies to mitigate business 
challenges. We're continuously working to reduce manufacturing costs and enhance operational efficiencies, enabling us to offer 
competitive pricing. Our broad product portfolio provides a distinct competitive advantage, allowing us to effectively serve key 
verticals within the electrical engineering capital goods market. Furthermore, we deeply understand the critical role of our supply 
chain in ensuring the timely sourcing of raw materials and maintaining excellent delivery reliability.
Internal Control System and their adequacy
Your organization has internal audits and processes in place to ensure that all processes are under control. Consistency in 
operations and compliance as well as ease of monitoring are guaranteed by system-driven controls. Because SAP-ERP is 
implemented at your company, reasonable assurance regarding the accounting and financial records and controls is guaranteed. 
Internal auditors confirm accounting records in order to protect company assets from theft or damage and to ensure that the records 
are trustworthy when creating financial statements. Management reviews provide support for the internal auditors' evaluation of 
internal controls. The corresponding functions are in charge of initiating the resolution of all audit observations and related follow-up 
actions.
34
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
      (₹ in Lakhs)
Products 2024-25 2023-24
Rotating Machines Group 27,080 28,232
Power Generation and Distribution Group 23,066 24,064
Others 4,236 3,439
Total 54,382 55,735
Future Outlook
[[PAGE 36]]
Discussion on financial performance with respect to operational performance:-
Note: The financial statements of the Company has been prepared in accordance with Ind AS.
Material developments in Human Resources / Industrial Relations front, including number of people employed
During the period under review, your Company concentrated on optimizing cost and rationalizing manpower. It was decided to 
discontinue the component machining activity at the Unit – 15 with effect from January 22, 2024. However this has no adverse impact 
on the operations of the Company.  The Company has complied with all the necessary compliances from time to time.
The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2025 is 858 employees. 
Key financial ratios
Detailed explanation of above ratios
a. Debtors Turnover:
 The above ratio is used to quantify a Company's effectiveness in collecting its receivables or money owed by customers. The 
ratio shows how well a Company uses and manages the credit it extends to customers and how quickly that short-term debt is 
collected or is paid. It is calculated by dividing average debtors by turnover.
b. Inventory Turnover:
 Inventory Turnover is the number of times a Company sells and replaces its inventory during a period. It is calculated by dividing 
average inventory by turnover.
c. Interest Coverage Ratio:
 The Interest Coverage Ratio measures how many times a Company can cover its current interest payment with its available 
earnings. It is calculated by dividing PBIT by finance cost.
d. Current Ratio:
 The Current Ratio is a liquidity ratio that measures a Company's ability to pay short-term obl igations or those due within one 
year. It is calculated by dividing the current assets by current liabilities.
e. Debt Equity Ratio:
 The ratio is used to evaluate a Company's financial leverage. It is a measure of the degree to which a Company is financing its 
operations through debt versus wholly owned funds. It is calculated by dividing a Company's total liabilities by its shareholder's 
equity.
f. Operating Profit Margin:
 The operating profit margin is a profitability or performance ratio used to calculate the percentage of profit a Company produces 
from its operations. It is calculated by dividing the EBIT by turnover.
35
PARTICULARS Standalone Consolidated
2024-25 2023-24 2024-25 2023-24
Revenue from operations 54,382 55,735 54,382 55,735
Other income (Net) 693 793 775 799
Total Revenue 55,075 56,528 55,157 56,534
Total Expense 54,327 55,011 55,753 55,126
Proﬁt before Exceptional items 748 1,517 (596) 1,408
Exceptional Items 995 - 995 -
Proﬁt / (Loss) before tax 1,743 1,517 399 1,408
Tax Expense 18 25
Proﬁt / (Loss) after tax 1,725 1,517 374 1,408
Total other comprehensive income 2,867 (2,356) 2,867 (2,356)
Total comprehensive income for the period 4,592 (839) 3,241
- -
(948)
 Sl. No  Particulars of ﬁnancial ratios 2024-25 2023-24
i.  Debtors Turnover 43 days 33 days
ii.  Inventory Turnover 31 days 33 days
iii.  Interest Coverage Ratio 0.07 0.07
iv .  Current Ratio 0.40 0.41
v .  Debt Equity Ratio 0.71 1.12
vi.  Operating Proﬁt Margin (in %) 0.10 1.30
vii.  Net Proﬁt Margin (in %) 3.08 2.68
viii.  Sector-speciﬁc equivalent ratios, as applicable Nil Nil
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 37]]
g. Net Profit Margin (%):
 The net profit margin is equal to how much net income or profit is generated as a percentage of revenue. It is calculated by 
dividing the profit for the year by turnover.
Details of any change in Return on Net worth (excluding revaluation reserves) as compared to the immediately previous 
financial year along with a detailed explanation thereof.
The net-worth of the Company for the financial year 2024-25 stood at ₹ (20,678) Lakhs which has been improved in comparison with 
net-worth in the previous financial year 2023-24 which stood at ₹(22,402.90) Lakhs. The net-worth of the Company is negative from 
the preceding financial years. 
The Company has started making operational profits since the last financial year. The Company continues to face challenges for 
meeting its working capital requirements. With the resources available and as per the projected sales, we expect to reduce the 
negative net worth substantially by end of financial year 2025-26, without considering the monetization of non-core assets. 
Disclosure of Accounting Treatment:
The financial statements of the Company has been prepared in accordance with IND-AS, as prescribed under Section 133 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and subsequent amendments 
thereto.
The detailed disclosure of accounting treatment is also provided in the notes to financial statements which forms part of this annual 
report.
Annexure  IV
1. DISCLOSURE IN BOARD'S REPORT AS PER THE PROVISION S OF SECTION 197 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
READ WITH RULE 5(1) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) 
RULES, 2014 (AS AMENDED)
a. The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company Secretary 
or Manager, during the financial year 2024-25, ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the 
employees of the Company for the financial year 2024-25;
By the order of the Board of Directors
For Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
 
                Sd/-
Vijay R Kirloskar
                         Executive Chairman
DIN: 00031253
Place: Bengaluru        
Date: 10.07.2025 
36
Mrs. Meena Kirloskar Non Executive Director
Mr. Suresh Kumar Independent Director
-
-
Mr. K N Shanth Kumar (#) Independent Director
Mr. Mohammed Saad Bin Jung (@) 
Dr. Pangal Ranganath Nayak (@) 
Ms. Rukmini Kirloskar (#) Non Executive Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Mr. Ravi Ghai Independent Director - -
Name Designation % increase in 
remuneration in the 
ﬁnancial year 2024-25  
Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar Executive Chairman
Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi ($) Independent Director
Mr. S N Agarwal ($) Independent Director
Dr. Ashok Misra Independent Director
Mr. Anil Kumar Bhandari ($) Independent Director
Ratio of remuneration 
/ to median remuneration 
of employees
25.00 102:1
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar S Director (Finance) & CFO
Mr. Anand B Hunnur Managing Director 33.33
18.18
41:1
13:1
Mr. Mahabaleshwar Bhat Company Secretary 13.00 7:1
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 38]]
 Note: For the FY 2024-25, Non executive directors were paid sitting fee of ₹ 50,000/- per Board m eeting and committee 
meetings.
 $ : Independent directors retired with effect from September 20, 2024.
 #: Appointed as directors with effect from May 23, 2024
 @ : Appointed as directors with effect from August 6, 2024
b. The median remuneration of the employees of the Company in the financial year 2024-25 is  Lakhs.₹ 4.88
c. The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year: 4.28%
d. The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company for the financial year 2024-25 is 858 employees
e. Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the preceding 
financial year was 4.64%. The average percentage increase in the managerial remuneration was 22%.
f. It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid during the year ended March 31, 2025 is as per the remuneration policy of the 
Company.
37
By the order of the Board of Directors
For Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
 
                Sd/-
Vijay R Kirloskar
                         Executive Chairman
DIN: 00031253
Place: Bengaluru        
Date: 10.07.2025 
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 39]]
Form AOC – 1
(Pursuant to ﬁrst proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the ﬁnancial statement of subsidiaries/associate companies/joint ventures as on 31.03.2025
Part A: Subsidiaries
Name of the Subsidiary Date of 
acquisition
Share 
Capital
Reserves & 
Surplus
Total 
Assets
Total 
Liabilities
Investments Turnover Proﬁt / loss 
before taxation
Provision 
for taxation
Proposed 
dividend
KELBUZZ Trading Private Limited 16.12.2014 70,200,000 (614,70 1) 5,024 549,525 NIL NIL (218,811) NIL NIL
Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited 16.12.2014 606,500,000 (630, 037) 364 23,901 NIL* NIL (119) NIL NIL
SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited 16.12.2014 200,000 (13 7,748) 55,063 218,611 NIL NIL 65 664 NIL
SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited 16.12.2014 1,000,000 (40 9,696) 50,949 459,645 NIL NIL (12,337) NIL NIL
* Provision for impairment in value of Investment of ₹ 62,30,00,688/- is made
1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations   : Nil
2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year : Nil
Part B: Associate Companies/ Joint Ventures
Name of the Associate 
Companies/ Joint 
Date of acquisition/
association
Latest Audited 
Balance Sheet 
Date
Shares of Associate/Joint Ventures held by 
the company on the year end
Description of how 
there is signiﬁcant 
inﬂuence
Reason why the 
associate/joint venture 
is not consolidated
Net worth attributable to 
Shareholding as per latest 
audited Balance Sheet#
Proﬁt / Loss 
for the year#
No Amount of 
Investment
Extent of\
holding
Kirloskar Malaysia SDN 04.12.1980 31.03.2024 300,000 ₹ 529,000 3 0% 30% shares held by 
KECL
NA (refer below note) (refer below 
note)
Kirsons Trading PTE LTD 21.04.1992 31.03.2024 56,250 ₹ 4,502, 000 7.5% - NA (refer below note) (refer below 
note)
#since the net worth of the associate is negative; the loss is restricted to the value of the investment
1. Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations: Nil
2. Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year: Nil
For K N Prabhashankar & Co.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No: 004982S
Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar A. Umesh Patwardhan 
Executive Chairman
DIN: 00031253Membership No: 222945
Date: May 28, 2025
Proﬁt / loss 
before taxation
(218,811)
(119)
65
(12,337)
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
General Manager – 
Corporate Aﬀairs &
Company Secretary
Membership no. A21919
Anand B Hunnur
Managing Director
DIN: 06650798
(Amount in ₹)
Sl. 
No
Equity Share 
capital (%)
1 100%
2 100%
3 100%
4 100%
Sl. 
No
Ventures
1.
BHD
2.
Partner
Sanjeev Kumar S
Director (Finance) &
Chief Financial Oﬃcer
DIN: 08673340
Place: Bengaluru
  
38
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 40]]
Form No. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
For the Period 01-04-202  to 31-03-20254
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No. 9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practices by Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (hereinafter called the company). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that 
provided me a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts / statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon. 
Based on my verification of the Kirloskar Electric Company Limited books, papers, minutes books, forms and returns filed and other 
records maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized 
representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit; I hereby report that in my opinion, the Company has, during the audit period 
covering the period from 01-04-2024 to 31-03-2025 complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also the Company 
has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made 
hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records, maintained by Kirloskar Electric 
Company Limited for the period from 01-04-2024 to 31-03-2025 according to the provisions of:
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made there under;
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ('SCRA') and the rules made there under;
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Byelaws Framed there under;
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to extent of Foreign Director 
Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial borrowings;
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 ('SEBI Act'):-
 i. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
 ii. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
 iii. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018  (Not
Applicable to the Company during the Audit Period);
 iv. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 (Not Applicable to the 
Company during the Audit Period);
 v. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008 (Not Applicable to the 
Company during the Audit Period);
 vi. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 
regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;
 vii. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009 (Not Applicable to the 
Company during the Audit Period) and
 viii. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 (Not Applicable to the Company 
during the Audit Period);
 ix. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
(vi) Other laws applicable to the Company: As per the representation made by the Company, there are no 'Industry specific' law(s) 
applicable to the Company. The Company has systems and processes in place to comply with general employee welfare laws 
applicable to it.
      I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
 (i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
 (ii) The Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with NSE and BSE Stock Exchanges;
During the period under Review the Company has complied with the Provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, 
39
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 41]]
Standards, etc. as mentioned above :
I further report that:
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, and 
Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the period under review were 
carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least 
seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items 
before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
Majority decision is carried through while the dissenting members' views are captured and recorded as part of the minutes.
I further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the company commensurate with the size and operations of the 
company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations, and guidelines.
I further report that during the audit period the Company has not conducted any specific events / actions with regards to a major 
bearing on the ompany's affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc. referred to C
above.
This letter which is annexed herewith as Annexure 1 forms an integral part of the Secretarial Audit Report (MR-3) and has to be read 
along with it.      
'Annexure -1'
To 
The Members,
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
My report of even date is to be read along with this letter:
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. My responsibility is to express an 
opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of 
the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in 
secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices, I followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.
4. Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and 
happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of 
management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the ompany.C
Sd/-
      Name: Sudheendra P. Ghali
       FCS No: 7037
       CP No: 7537
UDIN: F007037 000G 706868
Peer Review No: S2017KR518300
Place: Belgaum    
Date:  03/07/2025
Sd/-
      Name: Sudheendra P. Ghali
       FCS No: 7037
       CP No: 7537
UDIN: F007037 000G 706868
Peer Review No: S2017KR518300
Place: Belgaum    
Date:  03/07/2025
40
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 42]]
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
1. Company's philosophy on  corporate governance:
 Kirloskar Electric Company Limited ('KECL') is firmly committed to a robust philosophy of  Corporate Governance, which 
emphasizes transparency, integrity, ethical standards, and accountability to all stakeholders. Company's approach is guided by 
the requirements of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), 
and the Companies  Act, 2013.
 The Company achieves this through a well-balanced and diverse Board, regular disclosures, adherence to regulations (SEBI 
and Companies Act), and a clear Whistle Blower Policy to uphold ethical conduct. Essentially, KECL  aims for value creation 
through responsible and transparent business practices.
 Your Company's Board of directors (“the Board”) fully understands and takes the responsibility for its commitments to various 
stakeholders. The primary objective of 'Customer Satisfaction' is relentlessly pursued. 
2. Board of Directors:
a) Composition as on March 31, 202  and other matters: 5
 The Company's Board of Directors is composed of highly accomplished individuals, including executive, non-executive, and 
independent directors. This optimal balance, coupled with their extensive professional and technical expertise across areas like 
business strategy, management, marketing, and finance, empowers the Board to provide robust oversight and steer the 
business effectively.
 On March 31, 2025, the Board was strategically composed of eleven (11) Directors, ensuring a balanced representation. This 
included three (03) Executive Directors (Executive Chairman, Managing Director, and Director (Finance) & Chief Financial 
Officer), six (06) Independent Directors, and two (02) Non-Executive Women Directors.
 All independent directors satisfy the criteria for independence as defined under the Companies Act, 2013, and the SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
 In compliance with the requirement of Regulation 17(1) (b) of the Listing Regulations, the chairper son of the Board is an 
Executive director hence, more than half of the Board members are Independent Directors as on March 31, 2025. 
 In appointing new directors, the Board thoroughly reviews recommendations from the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee. The Committee's diligent evaluation covers candidates' qualifications, professional expertise, relevant experience, 
positive attributes and where applicable, their independence, all in accordance with our defined criteria.
 The Board, inter-alia, provides leadership, strategic guidance and independent advise to the Company's management. 
 The Board members get updates on the Company's procedures and policies as per the familiarization program.
 The Board as part of its corporate governance practice periodically reviews its composition to ensure that the same is closely 
aligned with the strategy and long-term needs of the Company.
 None of the directors on the Board is a member in more than 10 committees or Chairman of more than 5 committees across all the 
Companies in which he is a director as specified under SEBI Listing Regulations. Necessary disclosures regarding committee 
positions have been received from the directors.
b) Category, attendance, directorships, membership, chairmanship of d irectors of your Company during the financial 
year ended March 31, 2025;
Name of the 
Director
Designation Attendance
@
Directorships/Committee Memberships Directorship in 
other listed entity 
(Category of 
Directorship)
Attendance 
of each 
director at 
the meeting 
of Board of 
Directors
Attendance 
at the 
previous 
AGM 
attended 
(Yes/No)
Directorship 
(s) in other 
companies as 
on March 31, 
2025 excluding 
this Company
Committee 
Membership**
Committee 
Chairmanship**
Mr. Vijay 
Ravindra 
Kirloskar*
Executive 
-Chairman
3 Y es 1 0 0
Mrs. 
Meena
Kirloskar
Non Executive-
Non
Independent 
Director
6 Y es 9 1 0
NIL
NIL
41
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 43]]
Mr. Ravi 
Ghai
Non 
Executive-
Independent 
Director
6 Y es 0 0 0 NIL
Dr. Ashok 
Misra
Non 
Executive-
Independent 
Director
5 Y es 3 0 2 Veranda Learning 
Solutions Limited 
(Non Executive - 
Independent 
Director)
Name of the 
Director
Designation Attendance
@
Directorships/Committee Memberships Directorship in 
other listed entity 
(Category of 
Directorship)
Attendance 
of each 
director at 
the meeting 
of Board of 
Directors
Attendance 
at the 
previous 
AGM 
attended 
(Yes/No)
Directorship 
(s) in other 
companies as 
on March 31, 
2024 excluding 
this Company
Committee 
Membership**
Committee 
Chairmanship**
Mr. Suresh 
Kumar
Non-
Executive-Non 
Independent 
Director
6 Y es 2 0 2 Apeejay Surrendra 
Park Hotels Ltd 
(Non Executive - 
Independent Director)
Mr. Sanjeev 
Kumar S
Director 
(Finance) & 
CFO
6 Y es 0 0 0 NIL
Mr. Anand B 
Hunnur
Managing 
Director
6 Y es 1 0 0 NIL
Ms. Rukmini
Kirloskar
5 Y es 7 0 0 NIL
Non-
executive
Independent 
Director
Mr. K.N. Shanth
Kumar
5 Y es 5 1 0 NIL
Mr. 
Mohammed
Saad Bin Jung
Non 
Executive-
Independent 
Director
3 Yes 2 1 0 NIL
Dr. Pangal
Ranganath
Nayak
Non 
Executive-
Independent 
Director
3 No 1 0 0 NIL
Mr. 
Satyanarayan
$ 
Agarwal
Non 
Executive-
Independent 
Director
3 Yes Refer Note '$' 
Below
Mr. Anil 
Kumar 
$
Bhandari
Non 
Executive-
Independent 
Director
3 Y es
Refer Note '$' 
Below
Refer Note '$' 
Below
Refer Note '$' 
Below
Refer Note '$' 
Below
Refer Note '$' 
Below
Refer Note '$' 
Below
Refer Note '$' 
Below
Mr. Kamlesh 
$ 
Gandhi
Non 
Executive-
Independent 
Director
3 Y es Refer Note '$' 
Below
Refer Note '$' 
Below
Refer Note '$' 
Below
Refer Note '$' 
Below
42
Non 
Executive-
Independent 
Director
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 44]]
  *Mr. Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar (DIN: 00031253) is director of Kirloskar Power Build Gears Limited which is under Liquidation. 
  @ excludes foreign companies and companies covered under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013.
  **Only Audit Committee and Stakeholders' Relation ship Committee of Indian public limited companies h ave been  
considered.
  $ The Independent Directors have completed their second term, comprising five consecutive years, and have retired from their 
directorships effective from the close of business hours on September 20, 2024.
c) Number of Board meetings held and their dates:
  The Board meets at regular intervals to discuss and decide on Company / business policy and strategy apart from other Board 
businesses.
  During the financial year 2024-25, Six (06) meetings of the Board of directors were held through Video Conference mode / other 
audio visual means, the details of which are as given hereunder:-
  The meetings and agenda items taken up during the meetings are in compliance with the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing 
Regulations read with various circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and Securities Exchange Board of India 
(“SEBI”).
  The maximum interval between any two meetings was within the maximum allowed gap pursuant to the Companies Act, 2013 
and SEBI Listing Regulations read with the Circulars issued by MCA and SEBI. 
  All material information was circulated to the directors before the meeting or was placed at  the meeting, including minimum 
information required to be made available to the Board as prescribed under Part-A of Schedule II of sub-regulation 7 of 
Regulation 17 of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
  The necessary quorum was present for all the meetings. 
  In certain cases, the Board's approval was taken by passing resolutions through circulation, as permitted by law, which were 
confirmed in the subsequent meeting of the Board of Directors.
d) Other Directorships:
  Necessary disclosures regarding committee positions have been made by the directors. As per the Companies Act, 2013, none 
of the directors of the Company holds office as a director, including as an alternate director, in more than twenty companies at the 
same time and none of them have directorships in more than ten public limited companies. For reckoning the limit of public 
companies, directorships in private companies that are either holding or subsidiary company of a public company are included 
and dormant companies are excluded.
  As per regulation 26 of SEBI Listing Regulations, membership/chairmanship of Audit Committee and Stakeholders' Relationship 
Committee in all Indian ublic limited ompanies are considered and, accordingly, reported. Further, none of the directors of the p c
Company hold membership in more than 10 committees, nor any director is the Chairman of more than 5 committees across all 
public limited companies where he / she holds directorships.
  As per the declaration received from the directors, none of the directors of the Company is a irector in seven listed entities or is d
an independent director in more than seven equity listed companies or in more than three equity listed companies in case they 
are whole-time director in any listed company.
e) Disclosure of relationships between directors inter-se:
  As per the information available with the Company, none of the directors were related inter se except for Mr. Vijay Ravindra 
Kirloskar (DIN: 00031253), Mrs. Meena Kirloskar (DIN: 00286774) and Ms. Rukmini Kirloskar ( DIN: 00309266) [Ms. Rukmini 
Kirloskar has been appointed as a Non Executive Director w.e.f., May 23, 2024].
Sl. No Date of Board Meeting No of directors entitled to attend No of directo rs attended
1 May 23, 2024 12 12
2 August 06, 2024 12 10
3 September 16, 2024 14 12
4 November 05, 2024 11 1 1
5 February 12, 2025 11 8
6 March 25, 2025 11 10
43
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 45]]
f) Shareholding of non-executive directors as at March 31, 2025: 
 Note: Mr. Anil Kumar Bhandari (DIN: 00031194), Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi (DIN:00004969) & Mr. Satyanarayan Agarwal (DIN: 
00111187), Independent Directors have completed their second term, comprising five consecutive years, and have retired from 
their directorships effective from the close of business hours on September 20, 2024
 The sitting fees paid to the Non-Executive Directors and / or Independent Directors is within the limits prescribed under the 
Companies  Act, 2013.
 The Company doesn't have any Convertible instruments.
g) Details of Familiarization Programmes to Directors:
 During the financial year, senior management team made presentations to the directors giving an overview of the Company's 
operations, functions, strategies and risk management plans of the Company. The details of the familiarization programs are 
available on the website of the Company at: https://kirloskarelectric.com/investors/investors-information/policies.html
h) Board Evaluation: 
 The Company believes that it is the effectiveness of the Board that contributes to the Company's performance and long term 
growth. The criteria for Board evaluation contemplates evaluation of directors' performances based upon their performances as 
directors apart from their specific role as independent, non-executive and executive directors. 
 The criteria also specifies that the Board would evaluate each committee's performance based on the mandate on which the 
committee has been constituted and the contributions made by each member of the said committee in effective discharge of their 
responsibilities. 
 a. The Board of directors evaluated the performance of Independent Directors of the Company. Those directors who were 
subject to evaluation did not participate at the meeting. For this purpose, a comprehensive questionnaire was provided to 
each Board member. Each and every member except the director being evaluated, participated, discussed and filled in the 
questionnaire and provided their feedback. The results were thereafter compiled and noted.
 b. Pursuant to applicable SEBI Listing Regulations, the Nomination & Remuneration committee car ried out evaluation of every 
director's performance. A comprehensive questionnaire was provided to each committee member for evaluation of every 
director's performance. Each member of the committee was requested to fill in the questionnaire and provide their feedback. 
The committee thereafter discussed and completed the evaluation process.
 c. A separate meeting of independent directors was also held on March 0, 2025 to evaluate the performance of the non 1
independent directors, the performance of the Chairman, the Board of director and its committees. A comprehensive 
questionnaire was shared with each member to carry out the evaluation process. The directors filled the questionnaire and 
provided their feedback.
  The evaluation process contained the following:
  1. Performance of the Board as a whole & its committees;
  2. Performance of the Executive Chairman Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar (DIN: 00031253);
  3. Performance of non executive - non independent directors i.e., Mrs. Meena Kirloskar (DIN: 00286774) & Ms. Rukmini   
Kirloskar (DIN: 00309226);
   Based on the review and consideration of the Company's progress and performance during the year, the independent  
directors recorded the contributions made by the non independent directors.
  The directors also reviewed the performance of the chairman after taking into account the views of executive and non-
executive directors. The independent directors placed on record their appreciation of the leadership of the Chairman.
  The independent directors further assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information between the Company 
Name of the director Number of Equity Shares
184,514
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Nil
Mrs. Meena Kirloskar
Dr. Ashok Misra
Mr. Ravi Ghai
Mr. Suresh Kumar 
Mr. K N Shanth Kumar
Dr. Pangal Ranganath Nayak
Mr. Mohammed Saad Bin Jung
Ms. Rukmini Kirloskar Nil
44
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 46]]
45
and the management and the Board to effectively discharge their responsibilities and to perform their duties. They expressed 
their satisfaction on flow of information.
  The independent directors acknowledged the fact that the Board was well informed of the Company's activities. That had 
enabled the board to understand all the aspects of the Company and had helped them to take decisions effectively.
 ) Core skills / expertise / competencies available with the Board:
 The Board comprises of qualified directors who possess required skills, expertise and competencies that allows them to make 
effective contributions to the Board and to its Committees. They are nominated based on well-defined selection criteria set out by 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. 
 The following are the skills, expertise & competencies which are currently available with the Board:-
 Note: Mr. Anil Kumar Bhandari (DIN: 00031194), Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi (DIN:00004969) & M r. Satyanarayan Agarwal (DIN: 
00111187), Independent Directors have completed their second term, comprising five consecutive years, and have retired from 
their directorships effective from the close of business hours on September 20, 2024;
j) Opinion of the Board: 
 Pursuant to section 149(6) of the Act along with rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
the Independent Directors have provided an annual confirmation that they meet the criteria of independence, and in terms of 
Regulation 25(8) of the  Listing Regulations, they also have confirmed that they are not aware of any circumstance or SEBI
situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties. Based on 
the declarations received from the Independent Directors, the Board of Directors has confirmed that the Independent Directors of 
the Company meet the criteria of independence as mentioned under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations and that they are independent of the management. 
k) Information flow to the members of the Board of directors:
 The Board is provided with all information concerning the agenda items for the meetings. Company's annual strategic plans and 
annual operating plans are also presented before the meetings seeking their inputs. Company's quarterly financial results and 
annual financial results are first presented to the Audit Committee and, subsequently, to the Board of directors for their approval. 
Agenda and notes on agenda are circulated among the members of the Board in advance of the meetings in accordance with the 
secretarial standards. The meetings facilitate directors to get insights on the affairs of the Company and get their inputs and 
suggestions on strategic and operational matters of the Company.
l) Detailed reasons for resignation of an independent director:
 No Independent director/(s) have resigned from their position. However, Mr. Anil Kumar Bhandari (DIN: 00031194), Mr. Kamlesh 
Suresh Gandhi (DIN:00004969) & Mr. Satyanarayan Agarwal (DIN: 00111187), Independent Directors have completed their 
second term, comprising five consecutive years, and have retired from their directorships effective from the close of business 
hours on September 20, 2024.
m) None of the non executive independent directors have any pecuniary relationship or transaction with the Company.
Sl. No Name of the Director Area of Expertise
1 Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar
2 Mrs. Meena Kirloskar Management & Strategy, Finance, Corporate Governance & Ethics and such 
other areas.
3
4
5
Dr. Ashok Misra
Finance, Sales and Marketing and such other areas.
Mr. Anand B Hunnur
7
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar S
8
Mr. Ravi Ghai
9
Mr. Suresh Kumar
Sales, Marketing, Electrical Engineering and such other areas.
10
Mr. K N Shanth Kumar
Banking, Investment, Finance, risk compliance, finance training and credit 
appraisal.
Ms. Rukmini Kirloskar
Business Strategy and such other areas.
Mr. Mohammed Saad Bin Jung
Dr. Pangal Ranganath Nayak
General administration, Public relation, Media and such other areas.
Management & Strategy, Global Business Leadership, Finance, Investment & 
Treasury, Research & Training, Scientific development & Innovations, Product 
Development, Manufacturing & Sales Operation.
Academics, Engineering, General Management, Researc h & Training, 
Technology and such other areas.
Banking, Investment & Treasury Management and such other areas.
Public Relation, Environment & Social Governance (ESG) and such other areas.
Health Care, administration and such other areas.
6
1 1
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 47]]
n) Necessary information as required under schedule – II of listing regulations, as amended, have been placed before the meetings 
of the Board including the committees thereof.
3. Committees of Board
 In line with regulatory requirements, our Board Committees play a vital governance role by meticul ously reviewing key areas and 
making informed decisions that serve the Company's best interests.
 Sub-committees, constituted by the Board, are tasked with addressing specific areas and rendering informed decisions 
commensurate with their delegated authority. The framework for each committee, encompassing its scope, powers, and 
composition, is delineated within its respective Charter. All decisions and recommendations emanating from these committees 
are subsequently presented to the Board for either information or approval.
 As at March 31, 2025, your Company has the following committees of the Board:
A. Audit Committee:
 The Company's qualified and independent  Audit Committee plays a pivotal role in financial governance, serving as a direct link 
between management, external and internal auditors, and the Board. It is charged with the effective supervision of financial 
reporting, which includes providing direction to the audit function, monitoring audit scope and quality (both internal and statutory), 
and ensuring accurate and timely disclosures. Beyond these responsibilities, the Committee considers specific matters referred 
by the Board, in addition to adhering to the mandatory provisions of Regulation 18 read with Part C of Schedule II of SEBI Listing 
Regulations and Section 177 of the Companies  Act, 2013.
 The responsibilities of the Audit Committee includes review of quarterly, half yearly and annual financial statements before 
submission to the Board, approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the Company with related parties  amongst 
others.
 I.  Terms of reference: 
  The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are in conformity with the provisions of Section 177 of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 and as per applicable SEBI Listing Regulations. 
  The Audit Committee ensures that it has reviewed each area that it is required to review under its terms of reference and 
under applicable legislation or by way of good practice. This periodic review ensures that all areas within the scope of the 
Committee are reviewed.
 II.  Composition and attendance:
  Audit Committee as on March 31, 2025 comprised of four independent directors and one non independent director.
  During the financial year 2024-25, the committee met four (04) times on May 23, 2024, August 06, 2024, November 05, 2024  
and February 12, 2025. 
  Composition and attendance of each member were as follows: 
Name Category Meetings
Held during 
the tenure
No. of meetings 
attended
Chairman 04 04
Member 04 04
Member 04 02
Member 04 01
Member 04
Member 04 02
Member 04
02
02
  Note: $ Mr. Anil Kumar Bhandari (DIN: 00031194), Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi (DIN:00004969) & Mr. Satyanarayan Agarwal (DIN: 
00111187), Independent Directors have successfully completed their second term, comprising five consecutive years, and 
have retired from their directorships effective from the close of business hours on September 20, 2024;
  @ The Committee was reconstituted on October 16, 2024 and Dr. Ashok Misra, Mr. K N Shant h Kumar  & Mr. Mohammed 
Saad Bin Jung, Independent Directors were appointed as committee members with immediate effect in place of those 
independent directors who have retired.
 The Committee invites the Executive Chairman, Managing Director, the Chief Financial Offi cer of the Company and such other 
executives as it considers appropriate, representatives of the statutory auditors and internal auditors, to be present at its 
meetings.
Member 04 02
No. of meetings, 
members are entitled 
to attend
04
04
02
02
02
02
02
02
Mr. Suresh Kumar 
Mrs. Meena Kirloskar 
Dr. Ashok Misra @
Mr. Mohammed Saad Bin Jung @
Mr. K N Shanth Kumar @
Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi $
Mr. Satyanarayan Agarwal $
Mr. Anil Kumar Bhandari $
46
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 48]]
47
 The Company Secretary acts as the secretary to the audit committee.
B. Nomination and Remuneration Committee:
 I.  Terms of reference
  The Company has a Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) constituted pursuant to the Regul ation 19 read with 
Part D of Schedule II of the SEBI Listing Regulation and section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013. The NRC is vested with the 
authority to recommend nomination for Board membership, remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial P ersonnels and 
senior employees', formulation of criteria for evaluation of Independent Directors and Board of Directors, remuneration to 
board and other senior management.
  The NRC also carries out a separate exercise to evaluate the performance of individual Directors; Feedback is sought by way 
 of structured questionnaires covering various aspects of Boards functioning such as adequacy of composition of the Board 
 and its Committee, Board culture, execution & performance of specific duties, obligations and governances. Performance 
 evaluation is carried out based on the responses received from all directors.
  Performance evaluation criteria for independent directors:
  Performance evaluation of Independent Directors was done by the entire Board, excluding the Independent Director being 
evaluated. The performance evaluation of Independent Directors is based on various criteria including experience, 
expertise, independent judgment, ethics, alues and adherence to the corporate governance norms amongst others. v
  The committee comprised of four members as on March 31, 202   all of whom are non executive directors. 5
  During the financial year 2024-25, the committee met three (03) times on May 23, 2024, August 06, 2024 & February 12, 
2025. 
 II.  Composition and attendance of each member were as follows:
 
 
  Note: $ Mr. Anil Kumar Bhandari (DIN: 00031194), Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi (DIN:00004969) & Mr. Satyanarayan Agarwal (DIN: 
00111187), Independent Directors have completed their second term, comprising five consecutive years, and have retired 
from their directorships effective from the close of business hours on September 20, 2024;
  @ The Committee was reconstituted on October 16, 2024 and Dr. Ashok Misra & Mr. Mohammed S aad Bin Jung, 
Independent Directors were appointed as committee members with immediate effect in place of those independent directors 
who have retired.
Remuneration of directors:
In line with the Company's philosophy to ensure equitable remuneration to all the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) and 
employees of the Company, the Nomination and Remuneration policy of the Company has been framed. The Nomination and 
Remuneration policy of the Company is designed to create a high-performance culture among KMP, Managerial Personnel's and 
employees and enable the Company to attract, retain and motivate them to ensure long term sustainability of talented managerial 
persons and create competitive advantage.
The Nomination and Remuneration policy is available on the website of the Company at https://kirloskarelectric.com/investors/ 
investors-information/policies.html.
(a) Non-Executive Directors:
Name Category Meetings
Held during 
the tenure
No. of meetings 
attended
Chairman 03 03
Member 03 03
Member 03 01
Member 03 00
Member 03 02
Member 03 02
Mr. Suresh Kumar 
Mrs. Meena Kirloskar 
Dr. Ashok Misra @
Mr. Mohammed Saad Bin Jung @
Mr. Satyanarayan Agarwal $
Mr. Anil Kumar Bhandari $
No. of meetings, 
members are entitled 
to attend
03
03
01
01
02
02
(Amount in ₹)
Sl. No Name Sitting fees paid
1. 6,50,000
2. 7,00,000
Mrs. Meena Kirloskar
Mr. Suresh Kumar
Dr. Ashok Misra
Mr. Ravi Ghai
3. 4,00,000
4. 3,00,000
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 49]]
48
5. 3,50,000
6. 2,50,000
7. 2,00,000
Mr. K N Shanth Kumar
Ms. Rukmini Kirloskar
Dr. Pangal Ranganath Nayak
(Amount in ₹)
Sl. No Name Sitting fees paid
8. 2,50,000
9. 3,50,000
Mr. Mohammed Saad Bin Jung
Mr. Anil Kumar Bhandari $
Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi $
Mr. Satyanarayan Agarwal $
10. 2,50,000
11. 3,50,000
Note: $ Mr. Anil Kumar Bhandari (DIN: 00031194), Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi (DIN:00004969) & Mr. Satyanarayan Agarwal (DIN: 
00111187), Independent Directors have completed their second term, comprising five consecutive years, and have retired from 
their directorships effective from the close of business hours on September 20, 2024;
 The Company pays sitting fees of ₹50,000/- per meeting to its Non-Executive Directors for attending the meetings of the Board 
and meetings of the committees of the Board.
 There are no pecuniary relationships or transactions of the non-executive directors' vis-à-vis with the Company.
(b) Executive Directors:
 The Company has not given any performance linked incentives, stock options etc., to the directors of the Company. 
         (Amount in ₹)
SI.
No. Name of the MD/WTD Salary Perquisites Others Total
1
2
3
Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar
Mr. Anand B Hunnur
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar S
1,20,00,000/-
43 5 , 0,000/-
10 49 , ,000/-
3,80,00,000/-
1,42,66,265/-
51,16,003
-
13,83,735/-
3,34,003/-
5,00,00,000/-
2,00,00,000/-
65,00,000/-
Employment agreements with executive directors: -
Name of 
the director
Effective 
date of 
executive 
employment 
agreement
Details of 
shareholders’ approval 
on the agreements
Provision for Notice period and Severance pay
Mr. Vijay 
R Kirloskar 
August 14, 
2023
The shareholders 
approved the 
appointment and key 
terms of the agreement 
by passing a resolution 
at the AGM dated 
August 14, 2023.
According to the agreement if before the expiration of this 
agreement the tenure of office of the Executive Chairman 
is determined, by any reason whatsoever, the Executive 
Chairman shall subject to the provisions of Section 202 
of the Companies Act, 2013, be entitled to receive as 
compensation for loss of office an amount equivalent to the 
remuneration which he would have earned if he had been in 
office for the unexpired residue of his term or for three years, 
whichever is shorter, calculated on the basis of the average 
remuneration actually earned by him during a period of three 
years immediately preceding the date on which he ceased 
to hold office or where held the office for a lesser period than 
three years, during such period.
Mr. Anand B 
Hunnur
July 10, 
2025
Approval of members has 
been sought for the 
reappointment and 
payment of remuneration 
at the ensuing AGM.
Subject to Section 202 of the Companies Act, 2013, in 
the event of the Company determining the contract after 
completion of 18 months of service, the Managing Director 
shall be paid a compensation equivalent of three months’ 
salary and if such determination of the contract is made by 
the Company after completion of 24 months of service, he 
shall be paid a compensation equivalent of salary for the 
balance period of service instead of three months’ notice 
or salary in lieu thereof irrespective of the period of service 
rendered by him.
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 50]]
C. Stakeholder Relationship Committee:
 I.  Terms of reference
  The Company has constituted a Stakeholders Relationship Committee (“SRC”) pursuant to regulation 20 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and Section 178 of the Companies Act. The SRC is primarily responsible for Redressal of the grievances of 
shareholders/investors including complaints related to transfer or transmission of shares, issuance of duplicate share 
certificates and other such grievances as may be raised by the shareholders from time to time.
  Mr. Mahabaleshwar Bhat, General Manager- Corporate Affairs & Company Secretary is the Compl iance officer of the 
Company. 
  During the financial year 2024-25, the committee met one (01) time on February 12, 2025.
Name Category Meetings
Held during the tenure Attended
Mr. Suresh Kumar $ Chairman 01 01
Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar Member 01 00
Mr. Anil Kumar Bhandari $
Member 01 01
 II.     Composition and attendance of each member were as follows:
Mr. Anand B Hunnur
- - -
  $ The Committee was reconstituted on October 16, 2024 and Mr. Suresh Kumar, Independent Director w as appointed as 
committee chairman with immediate effect in place of Mr. Anil Kumar Bhandari.
  Shareholders' complaints are taken up with high priority and it is the Company's policy that investors' complaints are 
attended with utmost priority and resolved expeditiously.
  A statement of the investor complaints for the financial year 2024-25 is given below:
  The quarterly statements on investor complaints received and disposed off are filed with Stock Exchanges within 21 / 30 
days as applicable from the end of each quarter and such statement is also placed before the subsequent meeting of Board 
of irectors every quarter.d
D. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
 I. Terms of reference
  The Company's contribution and initiatives towards social welfare and environment sustainability have been integral to its 
business. The terms of reference of the CSR Committee are in line with the provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 
2013.
Sl. 
No.
Particulars No. of Complaints
1 Investor complaints pending at the beginning of the year 0
2 Investor complaints received during the year 1
3 Investor complaints disposed off / resolved during the year 1
4 Investor complaints remaining unresolved at the end of the year 0
Mr. 
Sanjeev 
Kumar S.
February 14, 
2025
The shareholders 
approved the re-
appointment and key 
terms of the agreement 
by passing a resolution 
through Postal Ballot 
dated April 24, 2025.
Subject to the provisions of Section 202 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, Mr. Sanjeev Kumar S be entitled to receive 
compensation for loss of office an amount equivalent to the 
remuneration which he would have earned if he had been in 
office for the unexpired residue of his term or for one year, 
whichever is shorter, calculated on the basis of the average 
remuneration actually earned by him during a period of  one
year immediately preceding the date on which he ceased to 
hold office or where held the office for a lesser period than  one
year, during such period.
Name of 
the director
Eﬀective 
date of 
executive 
employment 
agreement
Details of 
shareholders’ approval 
on the agreements
Provision for Notice period and Severance pay
49
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 51]]
 s:II. The Composition of the Committee and attendance detail
  Your Company has a competent Corporate Social Responsibility Committee as per the Corporate Social Responsibility 
Policy as required under Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013, which shall indicate the activities to be undertaken by the 
Company on Corporate Social Responsibility and Recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred.
  The committee was reconstituted by the Board on October 16, 2024.
  As on March 31, 202 , the members of the CSR Committee were:5
 
  Considering the Company's financial performance during the preceding three financial years, provisions of Section 135 (3) of 
the Companies Act, 2013 relating to spending on CSR activities are not applicable and hence the Committee did not meet 
during the year 2024-25.
E. Risk Management Committee: 
 The Company does not falls under top 1,000 category based on Market Cap, therefore it is not required to constitute the Risk 
Management Committee.
Name Category
Mrs. Meena Kirloskar Chairperson
Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar Member
Mr. Suresh Kumar Member
F. Senior Management
 Particulars of senior management:
Sl. No Name Designation
1. Mr. Arunesh M Vice President
2. Mr. Kaushik Goswamy Vice President
4. Mr. Lokesha Associate Vice President
5.
Mr. Mahabaleshwar Bhat 
General Manager
3. Mr. Nitin Jain Vice President
Mr. Basavaraj Baragudi
6. General Manager
4.   General Meetings:
 a) Annual General Meeting:
  Location, time and special resolution for the last three AGMs:
2022-23 2023-24 2024-25
Date, Venue 
and Time
th
12  August, 2022
11.00 A.M
th
14  August, 2023
11.00 A.M
th
16  September, 2024
11.00 A.M
Special 
Resolutions 
Passed
Held through Video Conferencing 
/ Other Audio Visual Means 
Held through Video 
Conferencing / Other Audio 
Visual Means 
Held through Video 
Conferencing / Other Audio 
Visual Means 
1. Appointment of Mr. Ravi Ghai 
(DIN: 08715119), as Director 
of the Company and as an 
Independent Director of the 
Company.
1. Reappointment of          
Mr.  Vijay R Kirloskar 
(DIN: 00031253) as 
Whole-time Director in the 
capacity of 'Executive 
Chairman' of the 
Company for a term of 
three years.
1. Regularization of Additional 
Independent Director,       
Mr. Mohammed Saad Bin 
Jung (DIN: 00264525) by 
appointing him as an 
Independent Director of the 
Company.
50
2. Appointment of Mr. Anand B 
Hunnur (DIN: 06650798) as 
Managing Director of the 
Company. 2. Appointment of Mr. Suresh 
Kumar (DIN: 02741371), 
as an Independent Director 
of the Company
2. Regularization of Additional 
Independent Director,       
Dr. Pangal Ranganath 
Nayak (DIN: 01507096) by 
appointing him as an 
Independent Director of the 
Company.
3. Revision in the 
remuneration payable to   
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 52]]
 b) Extraordinary General Meeting( ‘EGM’):
  No EGM was held during the financial year 202 -2 .4 5
 c) Postal Ballot:
  During the year under review, the Company has conducted two (02) Postal Ballots as per provisions of Section 110 of the 
Companies Act, 2013. Mr. Sudheendra P Ghali, Practicing Company Secretary (FCS No. 7037 / COP No. 7537), Belgaum 
was appointed as Scrutinizer for conducting Postal Ballots in a fair and transparent manner. The voting was conducted 
through electronic mode only. The Company had engaged the services of CDSL to provide e-voting facility to its members for 
its postal ballot process.
  The notice of postal ballots were accompanied with detailed instructions kit to enable the members to understand the 
procedure and manner in which postal ballot voting (including remote e-voting) to be carried out.
  The Scrutinizer's Report has been displayed on the website of the Company and CDSL viz. www.evotingindia.com. The 
resolutions were approved with requisite majority. 
  The detailed results of Resolutions passed through Postal Ballots are as under:
1.     Postal Ballot concluded on 28.08.2024: 
Sl. No Special Resolution passed No. & % of 
votes received
No. & % of 
votes in favour
No. & % of 
votes against
Details of 
invalid votes
Regularization of Mr. K N Shanth Kumar (DIN: 
00487956), Additional Independent Director, 
as an Independent Director.
33,278,412 
(50.10%)
33,273,988 
(99.99%)
4,424 
(0.01%)
0
Regularization of Ms. Rukmini Kirloskar (DIN: 
00309266), Additional Director, as a Non-
Executive and Non-Independent Director of 
the Company.
56,247
(0.17%)
33,278,507 
(50.10%)
33,222,260 
(99.83%)
1
2
51
Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar (DIN: 
00031253), Executive 
Chairman.
3. Revision in the 
remuneration payable to 
Mr. Anand B Hunnur (DIN: 
06650798), Managing 
Director.
4. Revision in the 
remuneration payable to 
Mr.  Mr. Sanjeev Kumar S
(DIN: 08673340), Director 
(Finance) & Chief Financial 
Officer.
0
2.     Postal Ballot concluded on 24.04.2025: 
Sl. No Special Resolution passed No. & % of 
votes received
No. & % of 
votes in favour
No. & % of 
votes against
Details of 
invalid votes
Re-appointment of Mr. Sanjeev Kumar 
Shivappa (DIN: 08673340) as Whole-time 
Director in the capacity of Director (Finance) & 
Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
33,138,279
(49.89%)
33,135,238
(99.99%)
3,041
(0.01%)
01
5. Means of communication: 
 The Company has established procedures to disseminate in a planned manner, relevant information at large.
 a) The Company has been regularly publishing audited / un-audited financial results in leading newspapers, immediately after 
the same is approved by the Board. The results are also posted on the Company's website.
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
At present there is no special resolution proposed to be conducted through postal ballot.
[[PAGE 53]]
 d) Annual Report: Annual Report containing audited standalone financial statements, consolidated financial statements 
together with Board's Report, Auditors Report and other important information are circulated to members entitled thereto and 
is also available on the Company's website www.kirloskarelectric.com.
 e) There were no official news releases during the year 202 -2 .4 5
 f) No presentation was made to institutional investors or to the analysts during the year 2024-25.
 g) Email ID for registering complaints by investors: investors@kirloskarelectric.com.
6. General shareholder information: 
 (a) Date, Time and Venue of Annual General Meeting:
  The 7  Annual General Meeting of the Company will be held on Tuesday 16  day of , 2025 at  A.M t hrough 
th th
8 September 11.00
Video Conference mode. 
 (b) Financial Year:  
  The Company's financial year starts on 1   April and ends on 31  March.
st st 
 (c) Dividend payment date:
  The Board of Directors has not recommended any dividend for the financial year ended March 31, 2025.
 (d) Stock Exchanges:  
  The Company's Equity Shares are listed on the following stock exchanges and the Company has paid the appropriate listing 
fees for the financial year 2024-2 ; 5
  1. National Stock Exchange of India Limited
    Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
    Bandra Kurla Complex,
    Bandra (E),
    Mumbai – 400 051
  2. The BSE Limited
    Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
    Dalal Street,
    Mumbai- 400001
52
 b) Newspaper wherein results normally published: The quarterly results are normally published in the all India edition of 
Business Standard and Bangalore edition of Prajavani.
 c) The quarterly results and other information relating to the Company are posted on the Company's website 
www.kirloskarelectric.com significant events, if any, during the financial year, are filed wi th the stock exchange and also 
posted on the Company's website www.kirloskarelectric.com from time-to-time.
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
 ( ) e The securities of the Company were traded throughout the year and there was no notice of suspension from trading from any 
exchange.
 ( ) f Registrar and Share Transfer Agents:
  Integrated Registry Management Services Private Limited, #30, Ramana Residency, 4th Cross, Sampige Road, 
Malleswaram, Bengaluru  560 003. Telephone No's: 23460815, 23460816, 23460817 and 2346081 Fax No. 23460819, 
Website: www.integratedindia.in; Contact Person: Mr. Vijayagopal S, Vice President.
 ( ) g Share Transfer System:
  The Company has Stakeholders Relationship Committee to review and resolve the Complaints by the Shareholders and 
investors which may arise from time to time. The Company has complied with requirements as specified in regulations 40 of 
SEBI Listing Regulations for effecting transmissions of securities of the Company.
  With effect from April 01, 2019, SEBI has barred physical transfer of shares of the listed companies and mandated transfers 
only in a dematerialized form. However, pursuant to Circular NO. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/97, dated July 
2, 2025, SEBI has opened a special six-month window, from July 7, 2025, to January 6, 2026, for the re-lodgement of 
physical share transfer requests that were lodged before April 1, 2019, and subsequently rejected or not processed due to 
documentation issues. But, shareholders are not barred from holding shares in physical form.
[[PAGE 54]]
 ( ) h The distribution of shareholding as on March 31, 2025:
Shareholding 
Range
No. of share 
holders 
in DEMAT 
Form
No. of 
Shares
No. of 
share 
holders in 
Physical 
Form
No. of 
Shares
Total No. 
of share 
holders
% No. of 
shares
% of 
share 
holdings
1 – 500
501 – 1000
1,001 – 2000
2,001 – 3000
3,001 – 4000
4,001 – 5000
5,001 – 10,000
10,001 & above
Total
61,581
3,505
1,673
580
283
255
354
292
68,523
57,79,688
28,08,738
25,41,242
14,90,947
10,30,152
12,13,108
26,04,176
4,56,75,997
6,31,44,048
19,688
199
102
28
10
8
6
3
20,044
7,99,307
1,45,109
1,39,599
69,447
35,278
35,155
38,712
20,07,416
32,70,023
81,269
3,704
1,775
608
293
263
360
295
88,567
91.76
4.18
2.00
0.69
0.33
0.30
0.41
0.33
100.00
65,78,995
29,53,847
26,80,841
15,60,394
10,65,430
12,48,263
26,42,888
4,76,83,413
6,64,14,071
9.91
4.45
4.04
2.35
1.60
1.88
3.98
71.80
100.00
 (i)  Shareholding pattern as on March 31, 2025:
Category No. of Shareholders No of shares held % of Shareholding
Promoters 10 3,29,37,967 49.59
Banks, financial institutions 15 31,969 0.05
1.14Insurance Companies
16 7,45,093 1.12
87,330 2,80,94,051 42.30Indian Public
312 12,03,790 1.81
NRIs / OCBs 873 7,43,772 1.12
Clearing Members 3 1,225 0.00
Trusts 2 5,058 0.01
Foreign Overseas corporate bodies 1 18,96,044 2.85
Foreign National 2 618 0.00
Total 88,565 6,64,14,071 100.00
Foreign Portfolio Investors
Bodies Corporate
1 7,54,484
 ( )  j Dematerialization of shares and liquidity:
  The paid up equity capital of the Company as on March 31, 2025 was ₹ 664,140,710/- (66,414,071 Shares of ₹10/- each). 
63,027,375 equity shares representing 95.07% of the Equity Capital were held in dematerialized form as on March 31, 2025. 
There were 3,270,023 equity shares representing 4.92% in physical mode. The Company has sent reminders to the 
shareholders to update KYC pursuant to SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD- 1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated May 30, 
2024. 
  The Company has arrangement with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central D epository Services (India) 
Limited (CDSL) to facilitate holding of the Shares in electronic form. The Company's Equity Shares are traded on he BSE t
Limited (BSE) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE).
 (k) There were no outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any other convertible instruments. 
 (l) 5There is no commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and no hedging activities during the year 2024-2 . 
 (m) Plant locations
  Details of addresses of plant locations are mentioned on page no. 3 of the Annual Report. 
 (n) Address for correspondence:
53
  
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
  
No. 19, 2nd Main Road, Peenya 1st Stage, Phase – 1,
  
Peenya, Bangalore – 560 058
  
Telephone: 080 – 28397256; Fax: 080 – 28396727
  Email: investors@kirloskarelectric.com
  
Website Address – www.kirloskarelectric.com
The Compliance Officer
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 55]]
 (o) Credit ratings obtained by the Company:
  Credit ratings obtained for the financial year 2024-25 for all debt instruments:
7. Other disclosures:
(a) Related party transactions policy:
 The Policy on the related party transaction is available on the Company's website and the link is provided hereunder; 
https://www.kirloskarelectric.com/investors/investors-information/policies.html
(b) Disclosures on materially significant related party transactions:
 No materially significant related party transactions took place in the financial year 2024-25.
(c) Details of non-compliance:
 During the financial year under review, both stock exchanges i.e., National Stock Exchange of India Ltd ('NSE') vide., reference 
no. NSE/LIST-SOP/COMB/FINES/1340 dated November 21, 2024 and BSE Ltd ('BSE') vide., email with reference no. SOP-
CReview/Sep 24-Q dated November 21, 2024 imposed a total fine of ₹ 60,000/- each (excluding GST) for delay in reconstitution 
of Audit Committee, Nomination & Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Commi ttee as per Regulation 
18(1), 19 and 20 of respectively during the quarter ended September 2024. 
 However the Company contested the show cause notice stating that vacancy in the Committee has arise due to retirement of 
three (03) Independent Directors of the Company w.e.f.,  and new Directors in place of those retir ing were September 20, 2024
already appointed by the Board. Regulation 17(1E) of the Listing Regulations  time limits for appointment of new outlines
directors in case of retirement of existing Directors. But Regulation 18, 19 and 20 of listing regulations does not specify about the 
time limit for reconstitution of Committee post vacancy due to retirement of independent directors;  
 The Company paid the fines imposed and also made representation to the Stock Exchanges to waive-off the fines as the delay in 
reconstitution of Committees was because of the absence of specific clarity in the relevant Regulations. Since prior to the SEBI 
LODR amendment dated December 12, 2024 there was no clarity in the regulation about timeline within which the Committees 
have to be reconstituted in case of retirement of Directors. Hence the Company has reconstituted the committee as per SEBI 
LODR within reasonable period before any meetings were held.
 The waiver request of the Company was considered favorably by the exchanges for September 2024 & December 2024 
quarters. 
(d) Whistle Blower Policy/Vigil Mechanism:
 The Company has established a mechanism for the employees to report to the management concerns about unethical behavior, 
actual or suspected fraud or violation of the Company's code of conduct or ethics. This mechanism will also provide for adequate 
safeguards against victimization of employees who avail of the mechanism and also provide for direct access to the Chairman of 
the Audit committee in exceptional cases. 
 The whistle blower policy is available on the Company's website and the link is provided here under https://www.kirloskarelectric. 
com/investors/investors-information/policies.html
(e) Details of compliance with mandatory requirements and adoption of the non mandatory requirements:
 The Company has complied with the all the mandatory requirements of SEBI Listing Regulations. Speci fically, your Company 
confirms compliance with corporate governance requirements specified in Regulation 17 to 27 and Regulation 46 read with 
Schedule V of the Listing Regulations. 
 The Board periodically reviews compliance reports pertaining to all laws applicable to the Company, prepared by the Company 
as well as steps taken by it to rectify instances of non-compliances, if any.
 The extent of adoption of non-mandatory requirements is as follows:
 Discretionary requirements under part E of Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations
 · The Board:
  The Chairman of the Company is an Executive Director. He maintains his office at the Company's expense and is also 
allowed reimbursement of expenses incurred in performance of his duties. As on date, the positions of the Chairman and the 
CEO/MD are separate. 
 · Modified opinion(s) in the audit report:
Rating Agency Credit Rating 
CRISIL Ratings Limited Fund-based
Non-fund-based
54
B+
A4
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 56]]
  The details of audit qualifications are mentioned elsewhere in this annual report. 
 · Shareholder Rights:
  Since the Company publishes its results in newspapers (Business Standard & Prajavani) having wide circulation, quarterly 
and the results are also displayed on the website of the Company and the Stock Exchanges, the Company does not send any 
declaration of  performance to the shareholders.quarterly
 · Reporting of internal auditor:
  The internal auditors report directly to the Audit Committee and make presentations to the Audi t Committee on their reports.
 (f) Policy on Material Subsidiary:
  The Company has adopted a Policy on Material Subsidiary in line with the requirements of the SEB I Listing Regulations. The 
objective of this policy is to lay down criteria for identification and dealing with material subsidiaries and to formulate a 
governance framework for subsidiaries of the Company. The policy for determining material subsidiaries has been disclosed 
on the website and the link is provided here under https://kirloskarelectric.com/images/pdf/investor/policies/policy-for-
determining-material-subsidiary-05-04-2021.pdf
 (g) There are no commodity price risks and commodity hedging activities.
 (h) No funds were raised through preferential allotment or qualified  placement during the year 202 -2 . institutional 4 5
 (i) Disclosure in relation to the Sexual Harassment of women at workplace (Prevention, Prohibi tion and Redressal) Act, 2013:
 (k) The total fees for all services paid by the Company and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to its respective statutory 
auditor are available in the Note no. 33 (ix) of Notes to accounts.
 (l) The certificate regarding the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance from the Statutory Auditors of the Company 
is attached as  in this Report. Annexure 1
 (m) The Certificate from M/s. SP Ghali & Co., Company Secretaries, Belgaum st ating that none of the Directors on the Board of 
the Company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the Board 
/ Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority has been obtained. The Certificate is enclosed with this section 
as Annexure - 2. 
 (n) There were no shares lying in the suspense account as on March 31, 2025 (Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V 
Part F of the SEBI  Regulations.Listing
 (o) There are no agreements entered between the Disclosure of certain types of agreements binding listed entities: 
company and shareholders / promoters / promoter group / related parties / directors / KMP / employees of Company or of its 
holding, Subsidiary or Associate Company either directly or indirectly, whose purpose is to impact the management or control 
of the Company or impose any restriction or create any liability upon the Company.
Sl. No Particulars Status
1 No of complaints filed during the financial year Nil
2 No of complaints disposed off during the financial year Nil
3 No. of complaints as at the end of the financial year Nil
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors,
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Sd/-     
Vijay R Kirloskar
                                 Executive Chairman
        DIN: 00031253
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 10.07.2025      
55
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 57]]
Declaration signed by the Chief Executive Officer stating that the members of Board of directors and senior management 
personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct of Board of directors and senior management.
The Listing Regulations require listed companies to lay down a code of conduct for directors and senior management, incorporating 
duties of directors as laid down in the Act. Accordingly, the Company has a Board approved code of conduct for all Board members 
and Senior Management of the Company and the same is posted on the website of the Company.
It is confirmed that all the Board members and senior managers have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct of the Company, 
for the year 2024-25.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors,
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Sd/-     
Vijay R Kirloskar
                                 Executive Chairman
        DIN: 00031253
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 10.07.2025      
Annexure - 1
AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To
Members of Kirloskar Electric Company Limited, 
No.19, 2nd Main Road, 
Peenya 1st Stage, Phase – I,
Peenya, Bangalore - 560058   
1. We, K.N Prabhashankar & Co. Chartered Accountants, Bangalore (Firm Registration no. 004982S) St atutory Auditors of  
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (“the Company”) CIN:L31100KA1946PLC000415, have examined the compliance of the 
conditions of Corporate Governance by the Company, for the year ended on 31 March 202 , as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 5
and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the Listing Regulations).
Managements’ Responsibility
2. The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility includes the  
design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of the 
Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing Regulations.
Auditor’s Responsibility
3. Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring 
compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial 
statements of the Company.  
4. We have examined the books of account and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for the 
purposes of providing reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by the Company.
Opinion 
5. Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations provided to us and the 
representations provided by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate 
Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the 
Listing Regulations during the year ended March 31, 202 . 5
6. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness 
with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company. 
Place: Bengaluru
 09.07.2025 Date:  
for K.N Prabhashankar & Co.,
                                                   Chartered Accountants
                                        Firm Regn. No. 004982S
                                                Sd/-
A. Umesh Patwardhan
                                                               Partner
                                                            M. No. 222945
UDIN: 25222945BMLIGK8667
56
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 58]]
Annexure - 2
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To, 
The Members, 
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited, 
No.19, 2nd Main Road, Peenya 1st Stage Phase-1,
Peenya, Bengaluru - 560058 
Karnataka, India
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Kirloskar Electric 
Company Limited having CIN: L31100KA1946PLC000415 and having registered office at No.19, 2nd Main Road, Peenya 1st Stage 
Phase-1, Peenya, Bengaluru 560058 (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before me by the Company for the 
purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the 
Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN) 
status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to me by the Company & its officers, I 
hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company for the Financial Year ended on 31st March, 202  have been 5
debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities Exchange Board of India 
and/ or Ministry of Corporate Affairs. 
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the 
Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on my verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to 
the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the 
Company.
For SP Ghali & Co.,
Company Secretaries
Sd/-
Sudheendra P Ghali
Proprietor
Membership No. F7037
COP no.: 7537
UDIN:  F007037G000719111
Peer Review no. S2017KR518300
Place: Belgaum
Date:   08.07.2025
57
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 59]]
To the Members of 
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED, BENGALURU
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Qualified Opinion
We have audited the accompanying Standalone Ind AS financial statements of (“the  KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED 
Company”), which comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 202  and the Statement of Profit and Loss, including Other 5,
Comprehensive Income, Statement of Changes in Equity and Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended, and Notes to the 
financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information. 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, except for the effects of the matter 
described in the Basis for Qualified Opinion paragraph below, the aforesaid Standalone Ind AS financial statements give the 
information required by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in 
conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 202 , and 5
its  including other comprehensive income, its cash flows and the changes in equity for the year ended on that date.profit
Basis for Qualified Opinion 
Attention of the Members is invited to note 36(16) to the Standalone Ind AS financial statements regarding the amounts due to the 
Company from certain subsidiaries towards part consideration receivable on sale/assignment of certain immovable properties, 
receivables, interest charged and expenses reimbursed. The amounts due from the said subsidiaries aggregates to ₹11,006.09 
lakhs (₹11,153.84 lakhs as at March 31, 2024). Pending disposals/realization of assets by the subsidiaries, relying on the 
Management Representation, provision of ₹ 9,711.00 lakhs as at March 31, 2025 is recognized. Any shortfall in the realization of the 
amount outstanding (net of provision), if any, could not be ascertained.
We conducted our audit in accordance with Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 
2013. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the 'Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial 
Statements' section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the 'Code of Ethics' issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements 
under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements and the ICAI's Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our qualified opinion.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the Standalone Ind 
AS financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 202 . These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 5
Standalone Ind AS financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on 
these matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report. For 
each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
a. Going Concern Assessment – Effect of erosion in net worth of the company
a) 6 Note 3 (17) of the Standalone Ind AS financial statements – The directors have detailed the reasons for preparing these 
Standalone Ind AS financial statements on a going concern basis, though the Company/Group (consisting of the Company, its 
subsidiaries and associate) has accumulated losses and their net worth (after excluding Revaluation Reserve) is eroded. There 
are certain overdue payments to creditors. The Company has repaid all the term loans which was restructured under JLF  
mechanism. 
- We have relied on the representations made by the Company and the appraisal of the restructuring plan including monetization 
of few non-core assets, projection of increase in turnover and infusion of funds in the near future. The appropriateness of the 
said basis of Going Concern is subject to the Company adhering to the restructuring plan and infusion of requisite funds. Hence, 
we are of the opinion that there is no existence of material uncertainty that may cast a significant doubt on the Company's ability 
to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
Emphasis of Matter
a. 6Attention of the members is invited to note 3 (18) of the Standalone Ind AS financial statements which sets out that the 
Company has filed Special Leave Petition in respect of demand of resale tax penalty of ₹ 527 lakhs before the Honourable 
Supreme Court of India. Management has represented to us that it is not probable that there will be an outflow of economic 
benefits and hence no provision is required to be recognized in this regard. We have relied on this representation. Our opinion is 
not modified in respect of this matter.
58
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 60]]
Other Information  
The Company's Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included 
in the annual report but does not include the Standalone Ind  AS financial statements and our auditor's report thereon. Our opinion on 
the Standalone Ind AS financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the Standalone Ind AS financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our 
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we 
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. As described in the Basis 
for Qualified Opinion section above, we were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the quantification of 
shortfall in realization of consideration receivable from certain subsidiaries pending disposals/realization of assets by the 
subsidiaries. Accordingly, we are unable to conclude whether or not the other information in relation to this is materially misstated 
with respect to this matter.
Responsibility of Management and Those Charged with Governance for Financial Statements
The Company's Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) with 
respect to the preparation of these Standalone Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, 
financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, including the accounting Standards specified under section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes 
maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the 
Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting 
policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Standalone Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair view and 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the Standalone Ind AS financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company's ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to 
do so. Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the company's financial reporting process.
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Standalone Ind AS financial statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a 
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these Standalone 
Ind  AS financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the 
audit. We also:
  Ÿ Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, 
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentat ions, or the override of 
internal control. 
  Ÿ Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on 
whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls. 
  Ÿ Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management. 
  Ÿ Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the standalone financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's 
report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. 
 Ÿ Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the 
59
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 61]]
 standalone financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
 We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. 
 We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to 
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
  From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We 
describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in 
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matters
1. We did not audit the financial statement/information of Ajman Branch office of the Company, included in the financial statements 
of the Company for the quarter ended and year ended March 31, 2025 whose financial statements/information reflect total 
assets of ₹689.27 lakhs as at March 31, 2025 and total revenues of ₹2,662.10 lakhs for the year ended on that date. The 
financial statements/information of the said branches has been audited by the Branch Auditor whose report has been furnished 
to us. So, to the extent the amounts have been derived from such financial statements is based solely on the report of the Branch 
auditor. Our report is not modified in respect of this matter.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2020 ("the Order”) issued by the Central Government in terms of sub- 
section (11) of section 143 of the Act, we give in the  a statement on the matters specified in par agraphs 3 and 4 of “Annexure A”
the Order to the extent applicable.
2. As required by section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
 a. We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were 
necessary for the purpose of our audit;
 b. In our opinion proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as appears from our 
examination of those books and proper returns adequate for the purposes of our audit have been received from the 
branches not visited by us;
 c. The report on the accounts of the Kuala Lumpur office in Malaysia and Ajman office in UAE  of  the Company audited under 
Section 143(8) of the Act by the branch auditors have been forwarded to us and have been duly dealt with by us while 
preparing this report;
 d. The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss , the Statement of Cash Flows including Other Comprehensive Income
and the Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account;
 e. In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone Ind AS financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards specified under 
Section 133 of the Act, read with relevant rules as amended;
   5f. On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 202  taken on record by the Board of 
Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 202  from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 5
164 (2) of the Act; 
 g. With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in “Annexure B”; 
 h. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor's Report in accordance with the requirements of section 
197(16) of the Act, as amended:
 In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the 
company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act. 
 i. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors' Report in accordance with Rul e 11 of the Companies (Audit 
and Auditors) Rules, 2014 as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations 
given to us: 
 ) i  The Company have disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its financial statements - Refer 
Note 35(1a) to the Standalone Ind AS financial statements;
60
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 62]]
 ) ii The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any material 
foreseeable losses under applicable laws or accounting standards;
 ) iii  There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund by the Company.
  ) iv  (a) The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign 
entity (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by 
or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
   (b) The Management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person or entity, including foreign 
entity (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
    (c) Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of 
Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material misstatement.
   (d) The Company has not declared or paid any Dividend during the year. 
    (e) The company has used such accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of 
recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has been operated throughout the year for all transactions  
recorded in the software and the audit trail feature has not been tampered with and the audit trail has been preserved   
by the company as per the statutory requirements for record retention.
For K N Prabhashankar & Co.,
  Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 004982S    
  
A.Umesh Patwardhan
Partner     
M. No.222945                    
 25222945BMLIGB4604UDIN:
Place: Bengaluru
Date:  May 2 , 2028 5
Annexure 'A' to the Auditors' Report
The Annexure referred to in our report to the members of Kirloskar Electric Company Limited for the year ended March 31, 2024. We 
report that:
i)    a)  (A)  The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars including quantit ative details and situation of 
Property, plant and equipment (PPE). 
   (B) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of Intangible Assets.   
 b) Management has physically verified these PPE in various units as per a phased program of physical verification, which is at 
reasonable intervals. The discrepancies noticed on such verification were not material however the same has been properly 
dealt with in the books of account.
 c) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, the title deeds of immovable properties are held in the name of the Company.
 d) The Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets during the year.
 e) According to the information and explanations given to us, there are no proceedings which has been initiated or pending 
against the Company for holding any benami property under Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988. Hence, reporting 
whether the Company has appropriately disclosed in the financial statements or not does not arise. 
ii) With regard to inventory, physical verification has been conducted by the management at reasonable intervals and certain  a)  
mistakes noticed in the inventory records have been corrected to the extent identified based on physical verification taken 
61
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 63]]
from time to time. No material discrepancies were noticed. 
      b)   As per the explanations provided to us and records verified by us, the Company has been sanctioned working capital limits 
in excess of ₹Five crores, in aggregate, from banks on the basis of security of current assets during the financial year and 
the quarterly returns/ statements filed by the company with the banks are in agreement with the books of account of the 
Company and no material discrepancies were noticed. 
iii)  a)  The Company has not made investments not provided any guarantee or security or granted any advances in the nature of 
loans, secured or unsecured, to companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or any other parties during the year.
  Since the Company has not made investment, not provided any loans or advances in the nature of loans or stood guarantee 
or provided security to any other entity during the year, reporting under clause 3(iii)(a), (c), (d), (e) & (f) of the Order are not 
applicable.
iv)  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the company has not granted any loans or 
provided any guarantees or security to the parties covered under section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013. In our opinion and 
according to the information and explanations given to us, the company has complied with the provisions of section 186 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 in respect of investments made or guarantees given to the wholly owned subsidiaries covered under 
section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013. There were no loans given nor securities provided to wholly owned subsidiaries 
covered under section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
v)  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has complied with the directives 
issued by the Reserve Bank of India and the provisions of sections 73 to 76 of the Companies Act, 2013 or any other relevant 
provisions of the said Act and the rules framed there under, with regard to deposits accepted from the public. There were no 
delays in repayment of deposits during the financial year ended March 31, 202  and the management has represented to us 5
that there are no deposits unpaid as laid down in section 74 and other relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. Further 
and according to the information by the Company, no order has been passed by the Company Law Board or National Company 
Law Tribunal or Reserve Bank of India or any Court or any other Tribunal. 
vi)  We have broadly reviewed the books of account maintained by the Company pursuant to the  Rules made by the Central 
Government for the maintenance of cost records under sub-section (1) of section 148 of the Act and read with paragraph 2 
above regarding inventory records, we are of the opinion that prima facie, the prescribed accounts and records have been made 
and maintained. However, we have not carried out a detailed examination of such records.    
vii)  a) The Company has been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues including Provident fund, Employees' State 
Insurance, Income-tax, Goods and Services Tax, Duty of Customs, Cess and any Other Statutory Dues barring delays in 
few cases in certain months in respect of provident fund. According to the information and explanations given to us, there 
are no undisputed amounts payable in respect of above-mentioned statutory dues which were in arrears, as at March 31, 
2024 for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable. 
 b)  According to the information and explanations given to us, the following dues of Sales Tax, Value Added Tax and Income Tax 
had not been deposited as at March 31, 202  with the relevant authorities on account of disputes.5   
 (₹ In lakhs)
Name of the 
statue
Nature of the 
dues
Amount 
(₹ in Lakhs.)
Period to which the 
amount relates
Forum where dispute is 
pending
Karnataka Sales 
Tax Act, 1957
Resale tax 
demanded
228.90 2003 - 2005 Supreme Court
The Central Sales 
Tax Act, 1956 & 
The Bombay Sales 
Tax Act, 1959
Sales tax 
demand
389.88 1999-00 to 2008-09, 2011-
12 & 2012-13
Joint Commissioner of 
Commercial Taxes
Goods & Services 
Tax Act, 2017 - 
Mumbai
Sales tax 
Demand
60.31 2018-19, 2019-20 & 
2020-21
Joint Commissioner GST
Goods & Services 
Tax Act, 2017 
Transitional 
Input Tax Credit
1,417.12 2017-18 Additional Commissioner of 
Central Tax
Goods & Services 
Tax Act, 2017 - 
Hyderabad
Irregular 
Availment of 
GST
10.15 20 - 20 21 Joint Commissioner GST
62
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 64]]
viii) As per the information and explanations given to us, there were no such transactions relating to previously unrecorded income 
that have been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 
of 1961).
ix) a) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, there were no loans taken by the Company  
from the Government or from the debenture holders. The Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or borrowings to 
banks and financial institutions.
 b) As per the information and explanations given to us, the Company is not a declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial 
institution or other lender.
 In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has no term loans. Hence the c) 
question of reporting on the application of such term loans does not arise. 
 d) According to the information and explanations given to us and the procedures performed by us, and on an overall 
examination of the financial statements of the company, we report that no funds raised on short-term basis have been used 
for long-term purposes by the company. 
 e) As per the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of books and records, the Company 
has not taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or 
joint ventures.
 f) As per the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of books and records, the company 
has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate 
companies.
x) a) The Company has not raised any money by way of initial public offer or further public offer ( including debt instruments) 
during the year. Hence, reporting under clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable
 b) The Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible debentures (fully, 
partially or optionally convertible) during the year. Hence, reporting on the compliance under Section 42 and Section 62 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 does not arise.
xi) a)  According to the information and explanation given to us and on the basis of examination of books and records, there were 
no frauds by the Company or on the Company that has been noticed or reported during the year.
 b)  As there were no frauds noticed or reported during the year, filing of report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the 
Companies Act by the auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 
with the Central Government does not arise.
  c)  According to the information and explanation given to us and basis of our examinations of books and records, there were no 
Whistle-blower complaints received during the year. 
xii) The Company is not a Nidhi Company. Hence, reporting under clause (xii) of the said Order does not apply.
xiii) In our opinion and according to the information and explanation given to us and as represented to us by the management, all 
transactions with the related parties are in compliance with section 177 and 188 of Companies Act, 2013 and the details have 
been disclosed in the Standalone Ind AS financial statements as required by the applicable accounting standards.
xiv) a)  In our opinion, the Company has an adequate Internal audit system commensurate with the size and the nature of its 
business.
 b)  We have considered the internal audit reports for the year under audit issued to the Company in determining the nature, 
timing and extent of our audit procedures.
xv) According to the information and explanations given, the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its 
Directors or persons connected with its directors, and hence provision of Section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not 
applicable to the company.
xvi) The Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Hence, reporting 
under clause 3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable.
xvii)  The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current year and in the immediately preceding financial year.
xviii)There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors of the Company during the year.
xix) On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realisation of financial assets and payment of financial 
liabilities, other information accompanying the financial statements and as per our knowledge of the Board of Directors and 
Management plans, we are of the opinion that no material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report indicating that 
63
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 65]]
Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one 
year from the balance sheet date. 
xx) Since the Company does not come within the purview of Section 135 of the Companies Act 2013, reporting under this clause 
does not apply.
xxi) Being reporting on Standalone Company, reporting on adverse remarks included in the Consolidated financial statements does 
not arise. 
For K N Prabhashankar & Co.,
  Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 004982S    
  
A.Umesh Patwardhan
Partner     
M. No.222945                                                                
 25222945BMLIGB4604UDIN:
Place: Bengaluru
Date:  May 2 , 2028 5
Annexure 'B' to the Auditors' Report 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act”) 
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of  (“the Company”) as Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
of March 31, 202  in conjunction with our audit of the Standalone Ind AS financial statements of the Company for the year ended on 5
that date.
Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control 
over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India ('ICAI'). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that 
were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company's policies, 
the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013. 
Auditors' Responsibility 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting (the 
“Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial 
Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we 
comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal 
financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material 
respects. 
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining 
an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing 
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected 
depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the 
Company's internal financial controls system over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
64
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 66]]
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) 
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the 
company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or 
improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the 
internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of 
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Opinion 
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting and 
such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on the internal control 
over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India. 
For K N Prabhashankar & Co.,
  Chartered Accountants
Firm Reg. No. 004982S    
  
A.Umesh Patwardhan
Partner     
M. No.222945                                                                
 25222945BMLIGB4604UDIN:
Place: Bengaluru
Date:  May 2 , 2028 5
65
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 67]]
BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
₹ In lakhs
Particulars Note 
No.
 As at March 
31,2025
 As at March 
31,2024
ASSETS
 Non-current assets
 (a)  Property, plant and equipment 3  43,522.89  43,757.18
 (b)  Capital work-in-progress 4 -  82.94
 (c)  Other intangible assets 5 20.93  39.06
 (d)  Financial assets
  (i)  Investments 6  1,076.61  1,063.38
    (ii)  Trade receivables 7 205.27 322.00
   (iii)  Other ﬁnancial assets 8 57.79  238.95
 (e)  Other non-current assets 9  1,975.92  1,726.35
 Total non-current assets 46,859.41 47,229.86
 Current assets
 (a)  Inventories 10  4,493.12 4,777.79
 (b)  Financial assets
  (i)  Trade receivables 1 1  5,889.21 6,435.66
  (ii)  Cash and cash equivalents 12  1,672.94 1,636.49
  (iii)  Other Bank balances 13  1,231.60 1,178.59
 (c)  Other current assets 14  2,108.77 3,565.50
 Total current assets  15,395.64  17,594.03
 TOTAL ASSETS  62,255.05 64,823.89
 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
 Equity
 (a)  Share capital 15  6,641.41  6,641.41 
 (b)  Other equity 16 8,491.22 3,899.33
 TOTAL EQUITY  15,132.63 10,540.74
 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 (a)  Financial liabilities
  (i)  Other ﬁnancial liabilities 17 630.18 629.24
 (b)  Provisions 18 2,693.84 2,650.12
 (c)  Deferred tax liabilities (net) 19 4,946.12 7,754.93
 Total non current liabilities 8,270.14 11,034.29
66
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 68]]
₹ In lakhs
Particulars Note 
No.
 As at March 
31,2025
 As at March 
31,2024
 Current liabilities
 (a)  Financial liabilities
  (i)  Borrowings 20 10,737.52 11,774.79
  (ii)  Trade payables
   (1)  dues to micro, small and medium enterprises, and 21(1) 861.10 670.79
   (2)  dues to creditors other than micro, small and medium enterprises 21(2) 16,960.31 18,004.07
  (iii)  Other ﬁnancial liabilities 22 1.41 109.74
 (b)  Provisions 23 1,749.71 3,086.18
 (c)  Other current liabilities 24 8,523.65 9,603.08
 (d)  Current tax liabilities (net) 25 18.58  0.21
 Total current liabilities 38,852.28  43,248.86
 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  62,255.05 64,823.89
 Sign  iﬁcant accounting policies and notes attached form an integral 
part of the ﬁnancial statements 1 - 36
To be read with our report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
For K N Prabhashankar & Co. Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No: 004982S
Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar Anand B Hunnur
Executive Chairman Managing Director
A. Umesh Patwardhan
Partner
Membership No:222945 DIN:00031253 DIN:06650798
Sanjeev Kumar S
Place: Bengaluru
Director Finance & 
Chief Financial Officer
Date: May 28, 2025 DIN:08673340
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
General Manager & 
Company Secretary
Membership No:A21919
67
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 69]]
STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
₹ in Lakhs
         Particulars Note 
No.
March 31,2025 March 31,2024
I Revenue from operations 26 54,382.39 55,735.08
II Other income 27 692.48 793.37
III Total income (I + II) 55,074.87 56,528.45
IV Expenses:
Cost of materials consumed 28 37,861.19 38,804.09
Changes in inventories of ﬁnished goods, work in 
progress and Stock-in-Trade
29 219.81 417.43
38,081.00 39,221.52
Employee beneﬁt expenses 30 7,546.27 7,652.82
Finance costs 31 2,318.95 2,451.77
Depreciation and amortization expenses 32 489.16 501.64
Other expenses 33 5,183.49
54,326.82 55,011.24
Less: expenses capitalised 
Total expenses 54,326.77 55,011.24
V Proﬁt before exceptional items and tax (III-IV) 748.10 1,517.21
VI Exceptional Items  -    
VII Proﬁt before tax (V-VI)
994.97
1,517.21
VIII Tax expense:
Current tax
Deferred tax  -     -    
IX Proﬁt for the year (VII - VIII) 1,724.49 1,517.21
X Other comprehensive income
loss:
a) Remeasurements of the deﬁned beneﬁt plans 45.36 (62.93)
b) Taxes on above (12.62) 17.51
(ii) Items that will be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt or loss:
a) Mark to Market of Investments 13.23 11.92
b) Taxes on above 2,821.43 2,867.40 (2,322.97) (2,356.47)
34
5,891.44
-
25A
18.58
0.05
1,743.07
18.58
 -    
68
-
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 70]]
₹ in Lakhs 
         Particulars Note 
No.
March 31,2025 March 31,2024
XI Total comprehensive income for the year ( IX+X ) 4,591.89 (839.26)
XII Earning per equity share  
(for continuing operations & combined)
35
Basic (in ₹) 2.60 2.28
Earning per equity share  
(for continuing operations & combined)
35
Diluted (in ₹) 2.60 2.28
(Paid up value per share)  10.00  10.00 
 Sign  iﬁcant accounting policies and  notes 
attached form an integral part of the ﬁnancial 
statements 1 - 36
To be read with our report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
For K N Prabhashankar & Co. Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No: 004982S
A. Umesh Patwardhan
Partner
Membership No:222945
Place: Bengaluru
Date:  May 28, 2025
Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar Anand B Hunnur
Executive Chairman Managing Director
DIN:00031253 DIN:06650798
Sanjeev Kumar S
Director Finance & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN:08673340
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
General Manager & 
Company Secretary
Membership No:A21919
69
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 71]]
CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
₹ in Lakhs
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Cash ﬂows from operating activities
Proﬁt before taxation 1,743.07 1,517.21
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation 489.16 501.64
Provisions (net) (309.62) (992.72)
Proﬁt on sale of ﬁxed assets 0.32 (2.91)
Interest income (105.90) (117.73)
Dividends received (0.63) (0.51)
Finance costs 2,318.95 2,451.77
2,392.28 1,839.54
4,135.35 3,356.75
(Increase)/ decrease in trade and other receivables 1,275.28 (2,585.67)
(Increase)/ decrease in inventories 286.13 390.17
Increase/ (decrease) in trade payables and other current 
liabilities
(1,931.94) 2,380.38
(370.53) 184.88
3,764.82 3,541.63
Income taxes paid 96.06 (106.04)
Net cash from operating activities 3,668.76 3,647.67
Cash ﬂows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment (388.55) (250.15)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 0.23 3.96
Purchase of investments
Interest received 91.78 120.30
Increase in margin money and short term deposits 128.15 (94.42)
Dividend received  0.63 0.51
Net cash from investing activities (167.76) (223.80)
Cash ﬂows from ﬁnancing activities
ICD's accepted net
-
400.00
Audited Audited
(4.00)
3,275.00
70
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 72]]
₹ in Lakhs
ICD's repaid net (1,264.77) (718.69)
Repayment of ﬁxed deposits from public (10.00) (7.40)
Increase/ (decrease) of short term borrowings (net) (162.50) (3,246.38)
Finance costs (2,427.28) (2,355.89)
Net cash from ﬁnancing activities  (3,464.55) (3,053.36)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 36.45 370.51
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 1,636.49 1,265.98
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 1,672.94 1,636.49
Cash & Cash equivalents:  
The above Cash ﬂow statement has been prepared under the ‘Indirect Method’ as set out in the Ind AS-7, ‘Statement of Cash 
Flow’. Cash and cash equivalents are net of bank overdrafts as required under Ind AS-7. Cash and cash equivalents included in 
the statement of cash ﬂows comprise the following amounts in the balance sheet:
Cash on hand and bank balances 2,904.54 2,815.08
Less: Other bank balances 1,231.60 1,178.59
Cash and cash equivalents as restated 1,672.94 1,636.49
To be read with our report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
For K N Prabhashankar & Co. Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No: 004982S
A. Umesh Patwardhan
Partner
Membership  No:222945
Place: Bengaluru
Date:  May 28, 2025
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Audited Audited
Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar Anand B Hunnur
Executive Chairman Managing Director
DIN:00031253 DIN:06650798
Sanjeev Kumar S
Director Finance & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN:08673340
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
General Manager & 
Company Secretary
Membership No:A21919
71
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 73]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
1. BACKGROUND:
 Kirloskar Electric Company Limited ("the Company") was incorporated in the year 1946 and is a Listed Indian Company 
engaged in the manufacture and sale of electric motors, alternators, generators, transformers, switchgear, DG sets etc.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
 a. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
  The financial statements of the company have been prepared in accordance with IND AS as prescribed under Section 133 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and 
subsequent amendments thereto.
  The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following assets and liabilities which 
have been measured at fair value or revalued amount:
  Freehold Land classified as Own assets and Leasehold Land classified as Assets taken on Finance Lease- 
  Certain financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (refer accounting policy regarding financial instruments).- 
 b. USE OF ESTIMATES:
  The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with Ind AS requires the Management t o make estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported balances of assets and liabilities and disclosures relating to contingent liabilities as at 
the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of income and expenses during the period.  Accounting 
estimates could change from period to period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Appropriate changes in 
estimates are made as the Management becomes aware of changes in circumstances surrounding the estimates. 
Changes in estimates are reflected in the financial statements in the period in which such changes are made. Examples of 
such estimates are estimation of useful life of assets, defined benefit obligations as per actuarial valuation, allowance for 
life time credit losses, warranty obligations, net realizable value of inventories etc.
 c. FUNCTIONAL AND PRESENTATION CURRENCY:
  These financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (₹ ), which is the Company's functional currency. All the 
financial information is presented in Indian Rupees (₹)  rounded to the nearest Lakhs, except Share and Earning per share 
data, unless otherwise stated.
 d. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
  The Company measures financial instruments, such as, derivatives at fair value at each balance sheet date.
  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liabilit y in an orderly transaction between 
market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the 
transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
  In the principal market for the asset or liability, or- 
  In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability- 
 The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Company. The fair value of an asset or a liability is 
measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market 
participants act in their economic best interest.
 A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic benefits 
by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest 
and best use.
 The Company uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to 
measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.
 All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statement s are categorised within the fair 
value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
  * Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabiliti es
  * Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fai r value measurement is directly 
or indirectly observable
  * Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fai r value measurement is 
unobservable.
72
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 74]]
 For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Company determines whether 
transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is 
significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.
 For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Company has determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of the 
nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.
 e. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT ("PPE"):
  (i) Tangible Assets:
   Land has been recognized on the revaluation model envisaged in Ind AS 16. Revaluations are carried out at  sufficient 
regularity. Other items of PPE are stated at the cost of acquisition less accumulated depreciation and write down for 
impairment, if any. Direct costs are capitalized until the assets are ready to be put to use. Subsequent costs are included 
in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future 
economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the entity and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All 
other expenses on existing assets, including day-to-day repair and maintenance expenditure and cost of replacing 
parts, which do not meet the definition of PPE as per Ind AS 16 are charged to the statement of profit and loss for the 
period during which such expenses are incurred.
   Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of PPE are measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds 
and the carrying amount of PPE and are recognized in the statement of profit and loss when the PPE is derecognized. 
  (ii) Intangible assets:
   Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. Intangible assets comprise computer 
software held for use. Following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization 
and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
   Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the net 
disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in the statement of profit and loss when the 
asset is derecognized.
   In both cases, the company has opted for the exemption provided in Ind AS 101 by treating the book value of PPE (other 
than land which was revalued on April 01,2016) and intangible assets as on the transition date ( April 01,2016) as the 
deemed cost of the relevant assets.
  (iii)Depreciation & Amortization:
  a. Depreciation on furniture and fixtures costing above ₹ 5,000/- provided at the residences of the employees has been 
charged at the rate of 33.33% on the straight-line method irrespective of the month of addition.
  b. Depreciation on assets taken on finance lease is charged over the primary lease period.
  c. Depreciation on PPE (other than Furniture and Fixtures provided to employees and assets taken on finance lease) 
bought/sold during the year is charged on straight line method as per the useful life  in Schedule II of Companies Act, 
2013 on a monthly basis, depending upon the month of the financial year in which the assets are installed/sold.
  d. The amortization period and the amortization method are reviewed at least at each financial year end. If the expected 
useful life of the asset is significantly different from previous estimates, the amortization period is changed accordingly. If 
there has been a significant change in the expected pattern of economic benefits from the asset, the amortization 
method is changed to reflect the changed pattern.
 f. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES:
  a. Investment properties are properties held for a currently undetermined future use and are valued at cost.
  b. An investment property is derecognized upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from 
use and no future economic benefits are expected from the disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the 
property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is 
included in the standalone statement of profit and loss in the period in which the property is derecognized.
 g. NON CURRENT ASSETS HELD FOR SALE:
  Non Current Assets held for sale are stated at cost or estimated net realizable value, whichever is lower.
 h. INVENTORIES:
  (i)  Inventories does not include spare parts, servicing equipment and stand by equipment which meet definition of PPE as   
73
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 75]]
per AS-10 (revised) .
  ii Raw materials, stores, spare parts and components are valued at cost on weighted average basis or net realizable ( ) 
value whichever is lower. 
  iii Work in progress is valued at works cost or net realizable value whichever is lower. ( ) 
  iv Finished goods are valued at works cost or net realizable value whichever is lower.( ) 
  v Material cost of work in progress and finished goods are computed on weighted average basis.( )  
 i. REVENUE RECOGNITION:
  Ind AS 115 supersedes Ind AS 11 Construction Contracts and Ind AS 18 Revenue and it applies, with limited exceptions, to 
all revenue arising from contracts with customers. Ind AS 115 establishes a five-step model to account for revenue arising 
from contracts with customers and requires that revenue be recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration to 
which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer.
  Ind AS 115 requires entities to exercise judgment, taking into consideration all of the relevant f acts and circumstances 
when applying each step of the model to contracts with their customers. The standard also specifies the accounting for the 
incremental costs of obtaining a contract and the costs directly related to fulfilling a contract. In addition, the standard 
requires extensive disclosures.
  The Company adopted Ind AS 115 using the modified retrospective method of adoption with the date of initial application of 
01 April 2018. Under this method, the standard can be applied either to all contracts at the date of initial application or only 
to contracts that are not completed at this date. The Company elected to apply the standard to all contracts as at 1 April 0
2018.
  The cumulative effect of initially applying Ind AS 115 is recognised at the date of initial application as an adjustment to the 
opening balance of retained earnings. Therefore, the comparative information was not restated and continues to be 
reported under Ind AS 11 and Ind AS 18.
  Effective 01 April 2018, the Company has adopted Indian Accounting Standard 115 (Ind AS 115) -’Revenue from contracts 
with customers’ using the cumulative catch-up transition method, applied to contracts that were not completed as on the 
transition date i.e. 01 April 2018. Accordingly, the comparative amounts of revenue and the corresponding contract assets / 
liabilities have not been retrospectively adjusted. The effect on adoption of Ind-AS 115 was insignificant.
 j. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS:
  ( ) Short term employee benefits:i  
   All short-term employee benefits such as salaries, wages, bonus, special awards and medical benefits which fall within 
12 months of the period in which the employee renders related services which entitles them to avail such benefits and 
non-accumulating compensated absences are recognized on an undiscounted basis and charged to the statement of 
profit and loss.
 ( ) Post employment benefits: ii
  a. Defined contribution plans:
   The Company has contributed to provident, pension and superannuation funds which are defined contribution plans.  
The contributions paid/ payable under the scheme are recognized during the year in which employee renders the 
related service.
  b. Defined benefit plans:
   Employees’ gratuity is defined benefit plan.  The present value of the obligation under such plan is determined based on 
actuarial valuation using the Projected Unit Credit Method which considers each year of service as giving rise to an 
additional unit of benefit entitlement and measures each unit separately to build up the final obligation.  Actuarial gains 
and losses are recognized immediately in the other comprehensive income Obligation is measured at the present value .
of estimated future cash flows using a discounted rate that is determined by reference to market yields as at the balance 
sheet date on Government bonds where the currency and terms of the Government bonds are consistent with the 
currency and estimated terms that matches to the defined benefit obligation.Gratuity to employees is covered under 
Group Gratuity Life Assurance Scheme of the Life Insurance Corporation of India.
  c. Compensated Absences:
   Accumulated compensated absences, which are expected to be availed or encashed within 12 months from the end of 
the year end are treated as short term employee benefits. The obligation towards the same is measured at the expected 
74
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 76]]
cost of accumulating compensated absences as the additional amount expected to be paid as a result of the unused 
entitlement as at the year end.
   Accumulated compensated absences, which are expected to be availed or encashed beyond 12 months from the end 
of the year are treated as other long term employee benefits. The Company’s liability is actuarially determined (using 
the Projected Unit Credit method) at the end of each year. Actuarial losses/ gains are recognized in the statement of 
profit and loss in the year in which they arise.
 k. FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS:
  (i)  Foreign currency transactions are translated into rupees at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the transaction / 
rates that approximate the actual rates as at that date.
  (ii) Monetary foreign currency assets and liabilities outstanding as at the year-end are restated at the exchange rates 
prevailing as at the close of the financial year. All exchange differences are accounted for in the statement of profit and 
loss.
  (iii) Non monetary items denominated in foreign currency, are valued at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of 
transaction.
  (iv) Branches are considered as integral foreign operations and have been translated at rates prevailing on the date of 
transaction/rate that approximates the actual rate as at that date. Branch monetary assets and liabilities outstanding 
as at year end are restated at the year end rates.
 l. TAXATION:
  Income tax expense is the sum of current tax and deferred tax.
  Current tax:
  The current tax is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from ‘profi t before tax’ as reported in the 
statement of profit and loss due to the effect of items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and 
items that are not taxable or deductible. The Company’s current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
  Deferred tax:
  Deferred tax is recognized using the balance sheet approach. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized on 
temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the 
corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
  Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally 
recognized for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available 
against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized.
  The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it 
is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be utilized.
  Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability 
is settled or the asset realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the 
end of the reporting period.
  The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in 
which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and 
liabilities.
 m. BORROWING COSTS:
  Interest and other borrowing costs on specific borrowings relatable to qualifying assets are capitalized up to the date such 
assets are ready for use / intended to use.  Other interest and borrowing costs are charged to the statement of profit and 
loss.
 n. LEASES:
  The Company applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and 
leases of low-value assets. The Company recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets 
representing the right to use the underlying assets.
75
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 77]]
  ( )  i Right-of-use assets
   The Company recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying 
asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and 
impairment losses, and adjusted for any re measurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the 
amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the 
commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis 
over the lease term. If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the cost 
reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset. The 
right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment.
  ( ) ii Lease Liabilities
   At the commencement date of the lease, the Company recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of 
lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in substance 
fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and 
amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a 
purchase option  reasonably certain to be exercised by the Company and payments of penalties for terminating the 
lease, if the lease term reflects the Company exercising the option to terminate. Variable lease payments that do not 
depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period 
in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the 
Company uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the 
lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the 
accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is 
remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to 
future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the 
assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.
  (iii)Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
   The Company applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases (i.e., those leases that have a 
lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the 
lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases that are considered to be low value. Lease payments on 
short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease 
term.
 o. PROVISIONS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES:
  i  A provision is recognized when an enterprise has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as result of past event and it ( )
is probable that an outflow of embodying economic benefits of resources will be required to settle a reliably assessable 
obligation. Provisions are determined based on best estimate required to settle each obligation at each balance sheet 
date. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that 
reflects, when appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the provision due 
to the passage of time is recognized as a finance cost.
  ii Provisions for onerous contracts, i.e. contracts where the expected unavoidable costs of meeting obligations under a ( ) 
contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received, are recognized when it is probable that an outflow of 
resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle a present obligation as a result of an obligating event, 
based on a reliable estimate of such obligation.
  iii Provisions for warranty-related costs are recognized when the service provided to the customer. Initial recognition is ( )
based on historical experience and the present value of the future estimated obligation. The initial estimate of warranty-
related costs is revised annually. The annual rewinding of interest is recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
  iv A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events whose existence will be confirmed by the ( )
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events beyond the control of the Company or a present 
obligation that is not recognized because it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the 
obligation. A contingent liability also arises in extremely rare cases where there is a liability that cannot be recognized 
because it cannot be measured reliably. The Company does not recognize a contingent liability but discloses its 
existence in the financial statements.
 p. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:
  Financial assets and liabilities are recognized when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the 
instrument. Financial assets and liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
76
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 78]]
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value measured on initial recognition of 
financial asset or financial liability. 
  (i) Cash and Cash Equivalents:
   Cash and Cash Equivalents comprise cash and deposit with banks other than for term deposit earmarked for Bank 
Guarantee. The company considers all highly liquid investments including demand deposits with bank with an original 
maturity of three months or less and that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash to be cash equivalents.
  (ii)Financial assets at amortized cost
   Financial assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost if these financial assets are held within a business 
whose objective is to hold these assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms of the 
financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding.
  (iii)Financial liabilities
   Financial liabilities are subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method. For trade and other 
payables maturing within one year from the balance sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the 
short maturity of these instruments.
 q. IMPAIRMENT:
  (i) Financial Assets:
   The Company assesses at each date of balance sheet whether a financial asset or a group of financial assets is  
impaired. Ind AS 109 requires expected credit losses to be measured through a loss allowance. The Company 
recognizes lifetime expected losses for all contract assets and / or all trade receivables that do not constitute a financing 
transaction. For all other financial assets, expected credit losses are measured at an amount equal to the 12-month 
expected credit losses or at an amount equal to the life time expected credit losses if the credit risk on the financial asset 
has increased significantly since initial recognition.
  (ii)Investment in Subsidiaries and Associates:
   The Company has accounted  for its investments in Subsidiaries and Associates at cost less impairment loss ( if any ).
  (iii)Other Equity Investments:
   All other equity instruments are measured at fair value, with value changes recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss, 
except for those equity investments  for which the Company has elected to present the value changes in 'Other 
Comprehensive Income'.
  (iv)Non Financial Assets:
   A non financial asset is treated as impaired when the carrying cost of asset exceeds its recoverable value. An 
impairment loss, if any, is charged to statement of profit and loss, in the year in which an asset is identified as impaired.
 r. EARNINGS PER SHARE:
  Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders by 
the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. The weighted average numbers of equity 
shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for events of bonus issue. 
  For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for the effects of all 
dilutive potential equity shares.
77
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 79]]
(a) Equity Share Capital
Balance at the Beginning of the year
Changes in equity share capital during the year
Balance at the end of the year
(b) Other Equity
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2023
Add/(Less): proﬁt/(Loss) for the year
Add/(Less): Ind AS adjustments
Less: Tax Adjustment on Ind AS items
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2024
Add/(Less): proﬁt/(Loss) for the year
Add/(Less): Ind AS adjustments
Less: Tax Adjustment on Ind AS items
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2025
To be read with our report of even date
For K N Prabhashankar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No: 004982S
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
₹ in  Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
 6,641.41  6,641.41 
 -     -    
 6,641.41  6,641.41 
Capital 
redemption 
reserve
Capital 
reserve
Securities 
premium
Retained 
earnings
Reconstruction 
reserves
Total (A) Other Comprehensive Income Total (B)
Items that will be 
reclassiﬁed  
to proﬁt or loss
Items that 
will not be 
reclassiﬁed to 
proﬁt or loss
Fair value of 
Investment
Revaluation 
of Land
Actuarial 
gains/ (losses) 
of employee 
beneﬁts
 2,401.75  18.06  4,410.84 (37,392.17)  641.67 (29,9 19.85) 108.18 34,420.46 129.80 34,658.44
 -     -     -    1,517.21  -    1,517.21 11.92 -  -    11.9 2
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -    (62.93) (62.9 3)
 -     -     -     -     -     -     (3.32) (2,319.65) 17.51 (2,305.46)
 2,401.75  18.06  4,410.84 (35,874.96)  641.67 (28,4 02.64) 116.78 32,100.81 84.38 32,301.97
 -     -     -    1,724.49  -    1,724.49 13.23 -  -    13.2 3
 -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -    45.36 45.36
 -     -     -     -     -     -     (0.54) 2,821.97 (12.62) 2,808.81
 2,401.75  18.06  4,410.84 (34,150.47)  641.67 (26,6 78.15) 129.47 34,922.78 117.12 35,169.37
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Particulars
 
₹ in  Lakhs
Total 
Other 
equity    
(A+B)
4,738.59
1,529.13
(62.93)
(2,305.46)
3,899.33
1,737.72
45.36
2,808.81
8,491.22
A. Umesh Patwardhan
Partner
Membership  No:222945
Place: Bengaluru
Date:  May 28, 2025
Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar Anand B Hunnur
Executive Chairman Managing Director
DIN:00031253 DIN:06650798
Sanjeev Kumar S
Director Finance & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN:08673340
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
General Manager & 
Company Secretary
Membership No:A21919
78
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 80]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
3 Property plant and equipment: ₹ In Lakhs
Tangible assets  Own Assets Assets taken 
on Finance 
Lease
 Total 
Gross block  Land  Building  Plant and 
equipment 
 Tools & Jigs  Electrical 
installations 
 Motor 
vehicles 
 Office 
equipments 
 Furniture 
and fittings 
 Leasehold 
improvements 
 Land 
Balance as at March 31, 2023 35,447.24 5,010.54  15,305.38  1,896.48  154.59  411.92 356.69 653.40  313.35  4,920.10 64,469.69
Additions  -    85.61 55.01  -    47.89 7.60  -     -    313.71
-  -     -     -     -     -    234.49Disposals
30.00
15,356.07Balance as at March 31, 2024  35,447.24 5,040.54 1,951.49  154.59 574.63  313.35  4,920.10 64,548.91
Additions 59.19
2.54
 -    
1.61
7.54 237.29
Disposals -  -     -    10.39 14.54
Balance as at March 31, 2025  35,447.24  5,099.73  15,490.77 1,978.73  154.59 393.48 401.89 571.78  313.35  4,920.10 64,771.66
Accumulated depreciation
Balance as at March 31, 2023  -     2,835.75  14,578.97  1,554.44  154.43 395.44 225.1 2 638.61 158.98  -    20,541.74
Depreciation charge for the year  -    154.34 199.36 62.07 0. 09 14.30 36.63 6.17  10.47  -    483.43
Disposals  -    - 34.92  -    6.15 86.33  -    233.44
Balance as at March 31, 2024  -     2,990.09  14,743.41  1,616.51  154.52  303.70 255. 60 558.45 169.45  -     20,791.73
Depreciation charge for the year  157.05 192.24 61.49  0.07 12.08 32.01 5.87  10.47  -    47 1.28
Disposals  -    2.54  -    - 1.60 10.10  -    14.24
Balance as at March 31, 2025  -     3,147.14  14,933.11  1,678.00  154.59 315.78 286.0 1 554.22 179.92  -     21,248.77
Net block
Balance as at March 31, 2023  35,447.24 2,174.79 726.41 342. 04 0.16 16.48 131.57 14.79 154.37  4,920.10  43,927.95
Balance as at March 31, 2024  35,447.24 2,050.45 612.66  334 .98  0.07 89.78 141.82 16.18 143.90  4,920.10 43,757.18
Balance as at March 31, 2025  35,447.24 1,952.59 557.66  3 00.73 - 77.70 115.88 17.56 133.43  4,920.10 43,522.89
Additional information:
1)  L and taken on lease from KIADB at cost aggregating to ₹ 68.70 lakhs.  On expiry of lease periods, payment of balance considerations if any, and execution of sale deeds, the 
relevant title will pass to the Company.
2)   M  anagement has determined that there are no significant parts of assets whose useful life is different from that of the principal asset to which it relates to in terms of Note 4 
Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, useful life of assets have been determined for the overall asset and not for its individual components.
 -    
-
-
-
27.24
 -    
 -    
-
 -    
34.92
137.24
87.60
106.04
393.48
 -    
 -    
106.04
7.16
397.42
6.08
86.37
79
 -     -    
 -     -    
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 81]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024
4  Capital work in progress:
 Plant and machinery - 82.94
- 82.94
5  Other intangible assets
₹ In Lakhs
Gross block Goodwill Computer 
software
Technical knowhow & 
product development
Total
Balance as at March 31, 2023  423.46  623.79  149.23  1,196.48
Additions  -    42.11  -    42.11
Balance as at March 31, 2024  423.46 665.90  149.23  1,238.59
Additions  -    -  -    -
Balance as at March 31, 2025  423.46 506.87  149.23  1,079.56
Accumulated amortisation
Balance as at March 31, 2023  423.46 608.63  149.23  1,181.32
Amortisation charge for the year  -    18.21 - 18.21
Balance as at March 31, 2024  423.46 626.84  149.23  1,199.53
Amortisation charge for the year  -    17.88 17.88
Balance as at March 31, 2025  423.46 485.94  149.23  1,058.63
Net block
Balance as at March 31, 2023  -    15.16 15.16
Balance as at March 31, 2024  -    39.06  -    39.06
Balance as at March 31, 2025  -    20.93  -    20.93
6 Investments
Details of 
investments Name of the Company
 As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
 No of 
shares 
Face 
value
 ₹ In 
Lakhs 
 No of 
shares 
Face 
value
 ₹ In 
Lakhs 
a) Investments in equity Instruments:
i) Subsidiaries: (Trade)
Fully paid up
 210  -     129.36  210  -     129.36 
 7,020,000 10  776.26  7,020,000 10  776.26 
60,650,000 10 6,065.00 60,650,000 10 6,065.00 
100,000 10  88.65 100,000 10  88.65 
 20,000 10  2.00 20,000 10 2.00 
ii) Associates: (Trade)
Fully paid up
 Ki rloskar (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.
 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia  300,000 MR1  5.29  300,000 MR1  5.29 
 -    
KEC North America Inc 
(refer additional information 3)
Kelbuzz Trading Private Limited 
(refer additional information 6)
Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited 
(refer additional information 7)
SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited 
(refer additional information 6)
SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited 
(refer additional information 6)
Disposals
Disposals  -    
159.03
158.78
159.03
158.78
 -    
 -    
80
 -     -    
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 82]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Details of 
investments
 As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
 No of 
shares 
Face 
value
 ₹ In 
Lakhs 
 No of 
shares 
Face 
value
 ₹ In 
Lakhs 
iii) Others
Fully paid up
 5,945 2 80.16  5,945 2 65.15
 770,750 10  -     770,750 10  -    
 286 100 40.02  286 100 37.33
 56,250 S $1 43.58  56,250 S $1 45.02
 340,000 10 39.45  340,000 10 42.48
 210 100  0.20  210  100  0.20 
b) Investments in debentures or bonds:
i) Others
Fully paid up
 30,000 44  -     30,000 44  -    
Total  
7,269.97
 
7,256.74
 Less:
  Provision for impairment in value of 
investments
 
6,193.36 
 
6,193.36 
Total 1,076.61 1,063.38
Additional Information:
1) Aggregate value of quoted investments:
Carrying Value  1.00  1.00 
Market Value 80.16 65.15
2) Aggregate value of unquoted investments:
Carrying Value 7,189.81 7,191.59
3) 
4) Securities in The Mysore Kirloskar Limited have been written off.
5)     Shares held in Kirloskar Proprietary Limited, Kirloskar Trading Pte Limited and Kirloskar Power Equipments Limited (all 
unlisted) have been mark to market based on the net asset value of an equity share as at March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 
as per their latest audited financial statements as of those dates. The differential amounts as on the date of transition has been 
recognized in opening reserves and changes thereafter have been recognized as other comprehensive income.  
6)     Investments in Subsidiaries includes financial guarantee contracts which have been recognised at fair value at the inception in 
accordance with Ind AS 109 along with accrued guarantee charges. The carrying value of investments in subsidaries include 
fair value of guarantees given by the company on behalf of the subsidiaries and the cumulative value of guarantee charges 
recognised as income. No gurantee fees is chargable as per contractual terms.
7)  
Name of the Company
ICICI bank Limited 
(on merger of Sangli Bank Limited)
The Mysore Kirloskar Limited
(refer additional information 4)
Kirloskar Proprietary Limited 
(refer additional information 5)
Kirsons Trading Pte.Limited 
(refer additional information 5)
Kirloskar Power Equipments Limited 
(refer additional information 5)
Dr. Prabhakar Kore Credit 
Souhard Shakari Ltd
The Mysore Kirloskar Limited 
(refer additional information 4)
During the year ended  March 31, 2021,  company has made 100% provision of ₹6,064 lakhs towards investment in one of its 
wholly owned subsidiary Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited.
This Company has been dissolved.  However, the investment has not been written off pending approvals from Reserve Bank of 
India. However full provision has been made for the same.
81
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 83]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
7 Trade receivables:
(unsecured and considered good)
i) Long term trade receivables 205.27 322.00
205.27 322.00
8 Other Financial Assets:
i) Bank deposits with more than twelve months maturity 57.79 238.95
57.79 238.95
9 Other non current assets:
(unsecured and considered good, unless otherwise stated)
936.34 702.14
ii) Security deposits 343.31 316.59
iii) Rent deposit to related parties  100.00  100.00 
iv) Deferred Income - rental deposit 14.48 20.81
v) Disputed statutory liabilities/ taxes paid 433.60 521.54
vi) Income tax receivable (net) 161.12 65.27
1,052.51 1,024.21
Amounts due from a private company in which a director of the Company is a 
director included in (iii) above
 100.00  100.00 
10 Inventories:
i) Raw materials 1,101.52 1,164.65
ii) Work in progress 2,618.76 3,375.21
iii) Finished goods 833.69 282.18
iv) Stores and spares 56.00 59.23
v) Others (scrap stock) 4.88 16.75
Goods in transit:
-
4,614.85 4,900.98
Less: Provision for non-moving stocks  121.73 123.19
4,493.12 4,777.79
11 Trade receivables:
i) Trade receivables exceeding six months 1,479.10
-
ii) others 6,005.81 6,633.17
7,484.91 8,375.70
Less: allowance for credit loss 1,595.70 1,940.04
5,889.21 6,435.66
2.96
Amounts due by private companies in which directors of the 
Company are directors
-
1,742.53
Less: Allowance  for capital Advance 12.93 -
923.41 702.14
1,975.92 1,726.35
82
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 84]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Trade receivables ageing as at March 31, 2025: ₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  Undisputed trade receivables  Disputed trade receivables  Total 
 Considered 
good 
 Considered 
credit impaired 
 Considered 
good 
 Considered 
credit impaired 
Less than 6 months 5,990.49 6,005.81
6 months to 1 year 79.95 159.48
1-2 year 241.11 321.73
2-3 year 67.36
68.11
120.94
more than 3 year -
0.66
876.95 876.95
Total 7,484.91
Less: allowance for credit loss 1,595.70
Total 5,889.21
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
12  Cash and Cash Equivalents:
 Cash and cash equivalents:
 i)  Balances with banks
   - in other accounts 1,666.33 1,636.33
 ii)  Cash on hand 6.61 0.16
1,672.94 1,636.49
13  Other bank balances:
 i)  Balances with banks
  - in short term deposits 474.93 440.17
   -  in margin money, security for borrowings, guarantees and other 
commitments
756.67 738.42
1,231.60  1,178.59
 Total (12 + 13) 2,904.54  2,815.08
14 Other Current assets: 
 (unsecured and considered good, unless otherwise stated)
 i)  Loans and advances to related parties (Refer Note 35(5)) 108.49  102.56
 ii)  Advance paid to suppliers and others 771.48 815.75
879.97 918.31
   Less:  Allowance for doubtful advances for advance paid to suppliers and 
others 
66.29 105.88
813.68 812.43
 iii) Receivables from subsidiaries  11,006.09  11,153.84
  Less: Allowance  for receivables from subsidiaries  9,711.00  8,400.77 
1,295.09 2,753.07
 Total 2,108.77 3,565.50
-
-
0.48
15.32
11.42
68.68
50.83
-
11.46
-
2.09
-
83
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 85]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
₹ in Lakhs
Particulars  As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
Number ₹ in Lakhs Number  ₹ in Lakhs 
15 Share capital:
Authorized: (*)
Preference Shares of ₹ 100/- each  3,000,000  3,000.00  3,000,000  3,000.00 
Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each  85,000,000  8,500.00  85,000,000  8,500.00 
 11,500.00  11,500.00 
Issued, subscribed and fully paid up:
Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each
At the beginning of the year  66,414,071  6,641.41  66,414,071  6,641.41 
Issued during the year  -     -     -     -    
At the close of the year  66,414,071  6,641.41  66,414,071  6,641.41 
Total carried to Balance Sheet  66,414,071  6,641.41  66,414,071  6,641.41 
Foot notes   :      
1 Preference shares:    
 a.  T he Company had issued cumulative preference shares of ₹ 100/- each. The preference shareholders did not have 
voting rights.   
b. 1,176,746 Preference shares (value ₹ 1,176.75 lakhs) were allotted pursuant to a contract without consideration being 
received in cash. These preference shares were allotted to preference share holders of Kaytee Switchgear Limited as
fully paid up pursuant to the Scheme of arrangement approved by the Honorable High Court of Karnataka under sec 
391 -394 of the Companies Act, 1956 without payment being received in cash.  
c. During the financial year 2014-15 Company issued and allotted 1,595,890 (Fifteen lakh ninety five thousand eight hundred 
and ninety) Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (“CCPS”) of ₹ 100/-(Rupees one hundred), to Mr. Vijay Ravindra 
Kirloskar (Promoter) by way of private placement for a tenor not exceeding 18 months which carried a preferential 
cumulative dividend of 0.1% (zero point one per cent) per annum, payable till the date of conversion into equity shares. 
777,485 Preference shares were converted into 2,554,156 equity shares of face value of ₹ 10/- each issued at  premium 
of ₹ 20.44 (Rupees twenty and forty four paise) as per the first tranche on February 11, 2016 and 818,405 Preference 
shares were converted into 2,688,583 equity shares of face value of ₹ 10/- each issued at a premium of ₹ 20.44 (Rupees 
twenty and forty four paise) as per the second tranche on September 26, 2016.
2 Equity shares:  
a. The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of ₹ 10/- each. Each holder of equity shares is 
entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of the equity shares will be entitled 
to receive the remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. T he distribution will be in 
proportion to the equity shares held by the shareholder.
84
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 86]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
b. Equity Shares of ₹ 10/- each includes: 
Particulars  As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
Number  ₹ in Lakhs Number  ₹ in Lakhs 
(i) Equity shares include Shares allotted pursuant to a contract 
without consideration being received in cash.  These shares 
were issued to shareholders of Kaytee Switchgear Limited and 
Kirloskar Power Equipment Limited as fully paid, pursuant to 
Scheme of arrangement approved by the Honorable High Court 
of Karnataka under sections 391 to 394 of the Companies Act, 
1956.
 17,252,550 1,725.26  17,252,550 1725.26
(ii) Shares allotted during the year 2007-08 to the promoters group 
in terms of order dated September 29, 2007 of the Honorable 
High Court of Karnataka read with scheme of arrangement dated 
February 13, 2003 under sections 391 to 394 of The Companies 
Act, 1956.  
 2,000,000 200  2,000,000  200 
(iii) Shares allotted during the year 2003 - 04 to IDBI on conversion 
of Preference Share Capital at face value as per the scheme of 
arrangement approved by Honorable High Court of Karnataka.
 6,000,000 600  6,000,000  600 
(iv) Shares allotted during the year 2014-15 to Vijay R Kirloskar at a 
premium of ₹ 20.44 per share.
 2,658,200 265.82  2,658,200 265.82
(v) Shares allotted during the year 2015-16 to Vijay R Kirloskar at a 
premium of ₹ 20.44 per share by conversion of CCPS.
 2,554,156 255.42  2,554,156 255.42
(vi) Shares allotted during the year 2016-17 to Vijay R Kirloskar at a 
premium of ₹ 20.44 per share by conversion of CCPS.
 2,688,583 268.86  2,688,583 268.86
c. Particulars of equity share holders holding more than 5% of the total number of equity share capital:
Particulars As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number Percentage Number Percentage 
(i) Abhiman Trading Company Private Limited  5,217,063 7.86%  5,217,063 7.86%
(ii) Vijayjyothi Investment & Agencies Private Limited  4,271,217 6.43%  4,271,217 6.43%
(iii) Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar  11,946,468 17.99%  11,891,468 17.91%
(iv) Vijay Farms Private Limited  3,540,807 5.33%  3,540,807 5.33%
d. Shareholding of promotors
SI No Shares held by promoters at the end of the year  % Change durin g 
the year Promoter name No. of Shares  % of total shares 
 1  Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar 11,946,468 17.99  0.08%    
 2  Meena Kirloskar 184,514 0.28  -    
 3  Abhiman Trading Company Limited 5,217,063 7.86  -    
 4  Vijayjyothi Investments and Agencies Private Limited 4,271,217 6.43  -    
 5  Vijay Farms Private Limited 3,540,807 5.33  -    
 6  Vijaykirti Investments and Agencies Private Limited 3,064,094 4.61  -    
 7  Sri Vijayadurga Investments and Agencies Private Limited 1,774,506 2.67  -    
 8  Vimraj Enterprises Private Limited 1,606,483 2.42  -    
 9  Kirloskar Power Equipments Limited 1,146,315 1.72  -    
 10  Kirloskar Batteries Private Limited 186,500 0.28  -    
85
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 87]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
16  Other Equity
₹ in  Lakhs 
Particulars Capital 
redemption 
reserve
Capital 
reserve
Securities 
premium
Retained 
earnings
Reconstruction 
reserves
Total (A) Other Comprehensive Income Total (B) Total 
Other 
equity     
(A+B)
Items that will be 
reclassified  
to profit or loss
Items that 
will not be 
reclassified 
to profit or 
loss
Fair 
value of 
Investment
Revaluation 
of Land
Actuarial 
gains/ 
(losses) of 
employee 
benefits
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2023  2,401. 75  18.06  4,410.84  (37,392.17)  641.67 (29,919.85) 108.18  34,420.46 129.80 34,658.44 4,738.59
Add/(Less): profit/(Loss) for the year  -     -     -    1,517.21  -    1,517.21 11.92 -  -    11.92 1,529.13
Add/(Less): Ind AS adjustments  -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -    (62.93) (62.93) (62.93)
Less: Tax Adjustment on Ind AS items  -     -     -     -     -     -     (3.32) (2,319.65) 17.51 (2,305.46) (2,3 05.46)
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2024  2,401. 75  18.06  4,410.84  (35,874.96)  641.67 (28,402.64) 116.78  32,100.81 84.38 32,301.97 3,899.33
Add/(Less): profit/(Loss) for the year  -     -     -    1,724.49  -    1,724.49 13.23  -    13.23 1,737.72
Add/(Less): Ind AS adjustments  -     -     -     -     -     -     -     -    45.36 45.36 45.36
Less: Tax Adjustment on Ind AS items  -     -     -     -     -     -     (0.54)  (2,821.97) (12.62) 2,808.81 2,80 8.81
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2025  2,401. 75  18.06  4,410.84  (34,150.47)  641.67 (26,678.15)  129.47  34,922.78 117.12 35,169.37 8,491.22
 -    
86
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 88]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024
Non- Current Liabilities
17 Other Financial Liabilities:
Security deposits from suppliers and dealers
Vehicle Loan
611.85 606.85
630.18 629.24
18 Provisions:
Provisions for employee defined benefit plans  2,693.84 2,650.12
 2,693.84 2,650.12
19 Deferred tax Liabilities (net):
i) Deferred tax liability:
a) On account of depreciation on fixed assets ( other than land) 476.34 540.95
b) On account of revaluation of land and others 4,946.12 7,754.93
Total 5,422.46 8,295.88
ii) Deferred tax asset:
a) On account of timing differences in recognition of expenditure (restricted to 
Deferred tax liability on depreciation on fixed assets above)
476.34 540.95
Total 476.34 540.95
Net deferred tax liability/(asset) 4,946.12 7,754.93
Current Liabilities
20 Borrowings:
1) Secured loans:
a)  Loans repayable on demand
 - from banks 3,605.29 3,767.79
3,605.29 3,767.79
2) Unsecured loans:
Other than banks:
a)  Inter corporate deposits 7,132.23 7,997.00
b) Current maturities of fixed deposits - 10.00
7,132.23 8,007.00
Total 10,737.52 11,774.79
1) Details of security for secured loans:
a) Working capital loan (cash credit)  from Lenders as specified in Master 
Restructuring Agreement ("MRA") are secured against a first pari passu charge 
by way of hypothecation of all book debts, receivables, stocks, inventories, 
operating cash flows, commissions, revenues of whatsoever nature and 
whatever arising (present & future) including Trust and Retention Account, a 
first pari passu charge by way of mortgage on all of the Company's immovable 
properties as set out in Schedule VI of MRA, a first pari passu charge by way 
of pledge of 24,886,143 fully paid equity shares of the Company held by the 
promoters as specified in MRA. These loans carry an interest rate of 16.50% 
(base rate of Bank of India plus 80 basis points) per annum and also guaranteed 
by the Executive Chairman  of the Company.
 3,605.29 3,767.79
18.33 22.39
2) Details of security for unsecured loans:
a) Inter corporate deposits are taken for periods ranging between 90 to 360 days  with interest rates averaging upto 
12.80% per annum. 
b) Fixed deposits include ₹ nil as at March 31, 2025 (as at March 31, 2024 ₹ 10.00 lakhs) matured unclaimed deposits.
87
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 89]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024
21 Trade payables:
1. Dues to micro, small and Medium enterprises 861.10 670.79
861.10 670.79
2. Dues to creditors other than micro, small and Medium enterprises
i) Other trade payables 12,731.95 13,500.84
ii) Acceptances 4,228.36 4,503.23
16,960.31 18,004.07
Additional Information:
The details of amounts outstanding to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises under Micro Small and M edium Enterprises 
Development Act, 2006 (MSMED Act), based on the available information with the Company are as under:
₹ In Lakhs
Sl 
No.
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
1 Principal amount due and remaining unpaid 861.10 670.79
2 Interest due on (1) above and the unpaid interest 88.04 79.51
3 Interest paid on all delayed payments under the MSMED Act   Nil    Nil  
4 Interest due and payable for the period of delay other than (3) above   Nil    Nil  
5 Interest accrued and remaining unpaid 0.32 8.53
6 The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding 
years, until such date when the interest dues above are actually paid to the small 
enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance of a deductible expenditure under section 
23 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006.
88.36 88.04
Trade Payables ageing as at March 31, 2025
₹ In Lakhs
S.No. Particulars Dues to micro and small 
enterprises
Other trade payables
1 Not due 360.33 6,837.79
2  Less than 1 year 326.12 1,656.34
3  1-2 years 58.46 317.14
4  2-3 years 16.92 281.78
5  More than 3 years 99.27 3,638.90
Total 861.10 12,731.95
22 Other financial liabilities
a) Interest accrued 1.41 109.74
1.41 109.74
23 Provisions:
b) Provision for wage arrears 1,086.16 1,079.95
c) Provision for warranty 421.76 444.46
d) Provision for contingencies 106.81 1,398.31
1,749.71 3,086.18
a) Provision for short term compensated absences 134.98 163.46
88
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 90]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
24 Other current liabilities:
a) Statutory liabilities 326.62 607.48
b) Other liabilities * 5,795.27 6,415.23
c) Trade advances 2,401.76 2,580.37
8,523.65 9,603.08
* include ₹ 3.14 Lakhs (March 31, 2024: ₹ 5.48 Lakhs) payable towards Voluntary Retirement Scheme ( VRS) 
25 Current tax liabilities (net):
a) Provision for tax (net of advance tax) 18.58  0.21
18.58  0.21
26 Revenue from operations:
i) Sale of products:
Motors, alternators and generators 27,076.14 28,228.77
Transformers 22,469.20 23,058.94
DG sets 457.53 833.76
Others 3,650.53 2,993.66
Total 53,653.40 55,115.13
ii) Sale of services 728.99 619.95
Total Revenue 54,382.39 55,735.08
27 Other income:
i) Interest income on bank deposits and others 105.90 117.73
ii) Interest and guarantee commission income from financial assets 118.77 132.42
iii) Dividend income from long term investments  0.63  0.51
iv) Profit on sale of fixed assets (net) - 2.91
v) Provision no longer required and Unclaimed credit balance written back 409.43 486.23
vi) Miscellaneous income 57.75 53.57
692.48 793.37
28 Cost of materials consumed:
a) Consumption of raw materials, components, stores and spare parts 37,861.19 38,804.09
37,861.19 38,804.09
25A   Tax expense:
Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit multiplied by India’s 
domestic tax rate for the year ended March 31, 2025 and  March 31, 2024:
Profit before tax
Income tax rate of 25.168% (a)
Computed expected tax expense/ (credit)
Non deductible / (allowable) expenses:
Effect of expenses not allowed for tax purpose
Effect of income not considered for tax purpose
Impact of losses where deferred tax not recognised
Income tax expense charged/ (credited) to the Statement of Profit and 
Loss (#)
1,743.07
25.168%
438.70
(212.55)
(29.89)
(177.67)
18.58
1,517.21
25.168%
381.85
(238.10)
(33.33)
(110.42)
0.00
(#) ₹ 18.58 Lakhs Provision is made towards corporate tax for Ajman branch office (Kirloskar Electric Company Limited BFC - 
Ajman- United Arab Emirates.)
89
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 91]]
b) Consumption of major raw materials
Additional Information:
i) Copper (Wires, strips, rods, sheets etc) 14,736.99 11,597.12
ii) Iron and steel (pigiron, rounds, plates, sheets , etc.,) 7,232.74 7,522.19
iii) Stores and spares 56.00 59.23
iv) Others 15,835.46 19,625.55
29 Changes in inventories of finished goods, work in progress and sto ck in 
trade:
Stocks at the end of the year:
i) Work in progress
Motors, alternators and generators 1,681.53 2,348.36
Transformers 655.66 791.10
DG Sets 240.80 201.86
Others 40.74 33.89
Total 2,618.73 3,375.21
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
ii) Finished goods
Motors, alternators and generators 361.96 259.28
Transformers 471.72 20.92
Others - 4.94
Total 833.68 285.14
iii) Scrap 4.88 16.75
A 3,457.29 3,677.10
Less:  Stocks at the beginning of the year:
i) Work in progress
Motors, alternators and generators 2,348.36 2,290.46
Transformers 791.10 458.67
DG sets 201.86 212.69
Others 33.89 68.17
Total 3,375.21 3,029.99
ii) Finished goods
Motors, alternators and generators 259.28 308.89
Transformers 20.92 739.46
Others 4.94  1.98 
Total 285.14 1,050.33
iii) Scrap 16.75 14.21
B 3,677.10 4,094.53
Total (B-A) 219.81 417.43
30 Employee benefit expenses:
i) Salaries , wages and bonus 6,243.33 6,211.11
ii) Contribution to provident and other funds 628.66 758.49
iii) Staff welfare expenses 674.28 683.22
7,546.27 7,652.82
DG Sets - -
DG sets - -
2.      Cost of materials consumed includes ₹ nil (Previous year ₹ nil) towards provision for slow and non moving inventory.
90
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 92]]
31 Finance costs:
i) Interest expense 1,854.09 2,054.29
ii) Other borrowing costs 464.86 397.48
 2,318.95 2,451.77
32 Depreciation and amortization expenses:
i) Depreciation of tangible assets 471.28 483.43
ii) Amortization of intangible assets 17.88 18.21
489.16 501.64
33 Other expenses:
i) Power and fuel 782.42 847.58
ii) Rent 178.65 154.50
iii) Repairs to buildings 23.82 78.59
iv) Repairs to machinery 136.92 144.37
v) Repairs to others 482.17 453.27
vi) Vehicle maintenance 33.97 31.21
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
vii) Insurance 21.83 32.75
viii) Rates and taxes 423.24 322.99
ix) Payment to auditors
 -   a s auditor ( includes branch audit fees 
of ₹0.85, previous year ₹0.83)
20.85 28.33
-   fo r taxation matters (includes ₹0.00, 
previous year ₹0.12 to branch auditor)
5.00 5.12
-  for limited review 30.00 22.50
55.85 55.95
x) Selling expenses 790.17 547.01
xi) Commission 84.69 37.64
xii) Warranty claims 89.78 82.40
xiii) Allowance for credit loss 120.95 (61.47)
xv) Net (gain)/loss on foreign currency 
transaction and translation
2.68 8.50
xvii) Bad trade receivables written off 465.29
Less: Allowance for doubtful trade receivable 
withdrawn
465.29
xviii) Irrecoverable loans and advances written off -
Less: Allowance for doubtful loans and 
advances withdrawn
-
xx) Legal and professional charges 707.94 725.97
xxi) Travelling and conveyance 399.66 431.11
xxii) Printing and stationary 19.76 20.99
xxiii) Postage, telegrams and telephones 43.50 44.10
xxiv) Directors sitting fees 40.50 38.00
395.09
395.09
-
9.62
8.93
xiv) Allowance for doubtful loans and advances 12.93 -
Allowance for bad and doubtful receivables 
from Subsidiary companies
xvi)
Loss on sale of fixed assets (net)xix)
1,310.23 -
0.69
0.32 -
91
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 93]]
xxvii) Contract Labour charges 970.98 984.74
xxviii) Miscellaneous expenses 94.67 76.80
5,891.44 5,183.49
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
35 Earnings per share:
(Basic and diluted)
Profit for the year after tax 1,724.49 1,517.21
Weighted average number of equity shares  66,414,071  66,414,071 
Paid up value per share  10.00  10.00 
Earning per share (basic)
Earning per share (diluted)
2.60 2.28
36 Other notes to accounts:
1.  Contingent liabilities and commitments:
(to the extent not provided for)
a) Contingent liabilities:
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31,2025
As at  
March 31,2024
i) Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts 308.36 288.71
ii) Guarantees 1,144.76 964.27
iv)
Sales tax demanded under appeal. The Company has paid an aggregate amount 
of ₹118.03  lakhs as at March 31, 2024 against the demand which has been 
included in disputed statutory dues.
 507.91 507.91
v) The Company has filed before the Honorable Supreme Court, special leave 
petition in respect of resale tax and sales tax penalty of ₹ 527 lakhs  (since merged 
with the Company) and confirmed by the Honorable High Court of Karnataka. 
The Company has paid an aggregate amount of ₹ 298.17 lakhs as at March 31, 
2024 against the demand which has been included in disputed statutory dues as 
reported in Note 09 to Financial Statements.
527.07 527.07
vi)
Disputed Income tax demand -  3,196.18vii)
Certain industrial disputes are pending before various judicial authorities – not 
acknowledged by the Company. Liability has been considered against those 
cases for which  is ascertainable, some cases are pending for it is not possible to 
ascertain liability.
 unascertained  unascertained viii)
GST Demand for the transitional input tax credit. Appeal pending before Karnataka 
High Court.
1,417.12
xxv) Provision for contingencies -
xxvi) Security charges
1,310.23 215.26
18.73
Less: Provision for contingencies withdrawan
(1,291.50) (215.26)
355.31 341.06
34 Exceptional items:
Write back of Inter corporate deposit and interest 994.97 -
994.97 -
2.60 2.28
GST Demand under appeal. The Company has paid an aggregate amount of 
₹8.38  lakhs as at March 31, 2025 against the demand which has been included 
in disputed statutory dues.
iii)
78.85 -
1,417.12
92
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 94]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
viii) The Company had furnished a guarantee for the redemption of preference shares 
issued by Kirloskar Investment and Finance Ltd to an extent of ₹ 200 lakhs as at 
March 31, 2024 (as at March 31, 2023 ₹ 200 lakhs) and had obtained counter 
guarantee from the said Company.  The preference shareholder has claimed a sum 
of ₹ 200 lakhs along with dividends in arrears of ₹ 205.60 lakhs and interest from the 
Company.  This claim has been upheld by the Debt Recovery Tribunal (DRT). The 
Company has preferred an appeal before the Debt Recovery Appellate 
Tribunal(DRAT) to set aside the orders passed by the DRT. The Company has 
deposited during the earlier year ₹ 102.80 lakhs with DRAT as directed by the 
Supreme Court of India and the matter stands re-posted for hearing. The Company 
does not acknowledge this liability.
405.60 405.60
In respect of items above, future cash outflows in respect of contingent liabilities is determinable only on receipt of judgements 
pending at various forums / settlement of matter. The management believes, based on internal assessment and / or legal advice, that 
the probability of an ultimate adverse decision and outflow of resources of the Company is not probable. However as a matter of 
abundant caution the Company has recognized a provision for contingencies, to take care of any liabilities that may devolve, and 
included in Note 36(11).
Commitmentsb)
 
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not 
provided for (net of advances)
128.56 85.76
Additional Information:2.
Value of Imports calculated on CIF basis:a)
Raw materials, components and spare parts
Expenditure in foreign currency: (net of withholding tax)
32.02 7.26
b)
Travel
Other expenses 
i)
i)
72.89 89.04
130.50 9.90
 
Particulars % to total
Value of imported raw materials, spare parts and 
components consumed
31.12
Value of indigenous raw materials, spare parts and 
components consumed
0.06%
Amount% to totalAmountSI.No.
37,830.07
0.08%
99.92%
22.16
38,781.93 99.94%
Total 37,861.19 100.00% 38,804.09 100.00%
Details of non-resident shareholdingsd)
Number of non resident share holdersi)
Number of shares held by non resident shareholders i)
873
7,43,772
807
7,79,390
Earnings in foreign exchange:e)
Export of goods calculated on FOB basis (net)
Remittances from overseas offices (net) 
i)
i)
2,723.45 1,339.72
2,056.78 1,046.53
Confirmation of balances from customers, suppliers and service providers with whom the Company had transactions are 
awaited in certain cases.  Accounts with certain parties are under review and reconciliation.  Adjustments will be made on 
completion of review/reconciliation. In the assessment of the management, effect on revenue if any, is not expected to be 
material. 
Certain mistakes noticed in the inventory records have been corrected to the extent identified based on physical inventory 
taken from time to time. No material discrepancies were noticed.
3.
4.
93
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 95]]
₹ in Lakhs
Particulars As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
 Gratuity 
(Funded) 
 Leave  
(Funded) 
 Gratuity 
(Funded) 
 Leave  
(Funded) 
Reconciliation of opening and closing balances of defined benefit 
obligation:
Defined benefit obligation at beginning of the year 2,709.03 474.98 2,609.66 484.38
Current service cost (*) 103.48 34.98 102.75 37.60
Interest cost 181.28 34.34 191.91 36.18
Actuarial (gain)/ loss (45.36) 7.19 62.92 35.36
Benefits paid from funds  (193.37)  -     (258.21)  -    
Benefits paid  directly by employer  -     (81.10) -  (118.54)
Defined Benefit obligation at end of the year  2,755.06 470.39 2,709.03 474.98
Reconciliation of opening and closing balance of fair value of plan 
assets:
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of the year 58.91 311.52 48.59 289.34
Interest income - 22.52 0.61 21.61
Employer contribution 191.52  -    264.63  -    
Benefits paid from funds  (193.37)  -     (258.21)  -    
Actuarial gain/(loss)  4.16 1.37  3.29 0.57
Fair value of plan assets at year end 61.22 335.41 58.91 311.52
Reconciliation of fair value of assets and obligations:
Fair value of plan assets 61.22 335.41 58.91 311.52
Present value of obligation  2,755.06 470.39 2,709.03 474.98
Amount recognized in Balance Sheet under liabilities:  2,693.84 134.98 2,650.12 163.46
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
5 Current assets, loans and advances include ₹ 108.49 Lakhs (as at March 31, 2024 ₹ 102.56 Lakhs) being rescheduled 
advances from certain companies in which certain key managerial personnel are interested.  The Company is confident 
that these companies will fulfill their obligations and has considered these amounts as good of recovery. 
6 During a previous year, the shareholders of the Company at the Annual General Meeting held on September 30, 2013 have 
approved an Employee Stock Option Scheme.  However, the Company has not issued any options as at March 31, 2025
and accordingly, recognition of expense in this respect and requisite disclosures are not applicable.
7 DISCLOSURES AS PER IND AS 19 "EMPLOYEE BENEFITS":
(a)  Defined Contribution Plan:
 Contribution to defined contribution plan are recognized as expense for the year are as under:
₹ in Lakhs
Particulars March 31,2025 March 31,2024
Employer’s contribution to provident & pension funds 305.01 318.69
Employer’s contribution to superannuation fund 43.24 107.05
(b) Defined Benefit Plan:
The employees’ gratuity fund scheme managed by a trust and leave encashment is a defined benefit plan. The 
Present value of obligation is determined based on actuarial valuation using the projected unit credit method.  
94
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 96]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Actuarial assumptions:
Mortality table 
Discount rate (per annum)
Expected rate of return on plan assets (per annum)
Rate of escalation in salary (per annum)
(*) Leave provision for current year includes provision for short term compensated absence as assessed by the actuary.
The estimates of rate of escalation in salary considered in actuarial valuation, take into account inflation, seniority, promotion and 
other relevant factors including supply and demand in the employment market.        
Present value of DBO, Fair Value of Plan Assets, Deficit/(Surplus), Experience Adjustments for current and earlier 
periods of Gratuity (Funded):
Defined benefit obligation at the end of the period
Plan assets at end of the period
Funded amount
Experience Gain/ (loss) adjustments on plan liablities
Experience Gain/ (loss) adjustments on plan assets
Actuarial gain/ (loss) due to change in assumptions
 As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
 Indian 
Assured Lives  
Mortality 
(2012-14) 
(Urban) 
6.78% 6.78% 7.23% 7.23%
6.78% 6.78% 7.23% 7.23%
7.00% 7.00% 7.00% 7.00%
2024-25 2023-24 2022-23 2021-22 2020-21
 (2,755.06)  (2,709.03)  (2,609.65)  (2,541.31)  (2,407.85)
61.22 58.91 48.59 70.93 116.08
 (2,693.84) (2,650.12)  (2,561.06)  (2,470.38)  (2,291.77)
 101.27  (31.86) (11.76)  (26.64) 86.69
4.16  3.29  (2.53)  (4.45)  (3.20)
(55.91)  (31.06) 44.13 42.17  2.86
(c) Sensitivity Analysis:     
 Significant Actuarial Assumptions for the determination of the defined benefit obligation are discount rate, expected salary 
increase and employee turnover. The sensitivity analysis below, has been determined based on possible effect of changes of 
an assumption occurring at end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant. 
₹ in Lakhs
Particulars March 31,2025 March 31,2024
Decrease Increase Decrease Increase
Change in discounting rate (delta effect of +/- 0.5%) 134.87  (120.61) 67.39  (63.83)
Change in rate of salary increase (delta effect of +/- 0.5%)  (121.45) 133.25  (64.26) 67.22
Change in rate of plan assets (delta effect of +/- 0.5%) 2.35 (2.18)  (0.65) 0.61
These plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest risk, longevity risk and salary risk.
Investment risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount rate which is determined by 
reference to market yields at the end of the reporting period on government bonds.
Interest cost 181.28 34.34 191.91 36.18
Actual return on plan assets -  (22.52)  (0.61)  (21.61)
In Other Comprehensive Income:
Actuarial (gain)/ loss (49.52) 5.82  59.63 34.79
Net cost 235.24 52.62 353.68 86.96
Expense recognized during the year: (under “note 30” "Employee 
benefit expenses” in the Statement of Profit and Loss)
 Current year  Previous year 
In Income Statement:
Current service cost 103.48 34.98 102.75 3 37.60
Reconciliation of opening and closing balances of defined benefit 
obligation:
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
 Gratuity 
(Funded) 
 Leave  
(Funded) 
 Gratuity 
(Funded) 
 Leave  
(Funded) 
 Indian 
Assured Lives  
Mortality 
(2012-14) 
(Urban) 
 Indian 
Assured Lives  
Mortality 
(2012-14) 
(Urban) 
 Indian 
Assured Lives  
Mortality 
(2012-14) 
(Urban) 
95
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 97]]
8 SEGMENT REPORTING:
 As p  er Ind AS 108 on” Operating Segments “, segment information has been provided under the Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements.
9 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:
 (a) Name of related parties and description of relationship where cont rols exists:   
Sl. 
No.
Name of the Related Party  Relationship 
1 Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited Wholly Owned Subsidiary
SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited
SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited
KELBUZZ Trading Private Limited
2 Kirsons B V  Step down subsidiary 
3 Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar  Key Management Personnel  ("KMP") 
Mrs. Meena Kirloskar
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar S 
Mr. Mahabaleshwar Bhat 
Mr. Anand Hunnur 
4
Kirloskar (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd  Associates 5
Transport Corporation of India (up to September 20, 2024)  Enterprises which are related parties as per section 2(76) 
of the Companies Act, 2013. ("Others-A") Applied Engineering Services (India) LLP
Interest risk: A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability; however, this will be partially offset by an increase 
in the return on the plan assets.
Longevity risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the mortality 
of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants will increase 
the plan’s liability.
Salary risk: The present value of the defined plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan participants. As 
such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
6
Relative of KMP (''KMPR")
Kue Management Services LLP
Shaaz Jung Films LLP
K N Guruswamy Properties LLP
The Printers (Mysore) Private Limited
K N Guruswamy and Company Private Limited
Anuradha Shanth Kumar Holdings Private Limited
Wan - IFRA South Asia Private Limited
E.P. Labs Private Limited
Bison Wilderness Resorts Private Limited
Africa Expeditions and Safari Private Limited
Ms. Rukmini Kirloskar
Kirloskar Batteries Private Limited  Enterprises over which key management personnel and/
or their relatives are able to exercise significant influence 
("Others-B") 
Kirloskar Power Equipments Limited
Ravindu Motors Private Limited
Vijay Farms Private Limited
Kirsons Trading PTE LTD. 
Sri Vijaydurga Investments and Agencies Private Limited
Vijayjyothi Investment and Agencies Private Limited
Abhiman Trading Company Private Limited
7
96
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 98]]
 
Sl. 
No.
Name of the Related Party  Relationship 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Vimraj enterprises LLP (formerly known as Vimraj 
enterprises private limited)
Vijay Kirthi Investment and Agencies Private Limited
Ravindu Automobiles Private Limited 
Kirsons Trading PTE LTD. 
(b) Transactions with the related parties
₹ in Lakhs
Particulars  Relationship March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Purchase of goods and services:
Vijay Farms Private Limited  Others-B 50.39 47.35
Sri Vijayadurga Investments and Agencies Private Limited 229.03 210.39
Abhiman Trading Company Private Limited 91.50 89.66
29.82 4.33
Ravindu Motors Private Limited 2.74
Transport Corporation of India (upto September 20, 2024)  Others-A 24.18 46.69
Sale of goods and services:
Kirloskar (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd  Associates 197.37 81.19
Kirsons Trading PTE LTD.  Others-B 220.73 200.68
Ravindu Motors Private Limited -
Rent paid :
Vijayjyothi Investments and Agencies Private Limited  Others-B 120.00 99.00
Remuneration paid:
Vijay R Kirloskar*  KMP 
Short term employee benefits 532.40 407.50
Sanjeev Kumar S*
Short term employee benefits 64.49 54.57
Mahabaleshwar Bhat*
Short term employee benefits 35.84
Anand Hunnur*
Short term employee benefits 197.91
Meena Kirloskar
     Sitting Fee 6.50 5.00
Expenses of subsidaries met by the Company and to be reimbursed :
KELBUZZ Trading Private Limited  Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary 
 0.45  0.22
Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited  0.97  0.23
SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited  0.48  0.18
SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited  0.42  0.35
146.05
30.73
Investment made :
KELBUZZ Trading Private Limited  Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary 
1.00-
Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited 1.00-
SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited 1.00-
SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited 1.00-
 KMPR 
Rukmini Kirloskar
     Sitting Fee
16.08
2.50 -
78.70
97
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 99]]
* Post employment benefit Amount not ascertained since accrued gratuity and compensated absence liability has been recognized 
for the Company as a whole.  
 Key managerial personnel are provided free use of company car and communication facilities. These are in addition to remuneration 
furnished above.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(c) Outstanding balances at the end of the year:
₹ in Lakhs  
Particulars  Relationship March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Amount due to Company:  Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary KELBUZZ Trading Private Limited 5,495.05 5,525.11
Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited 238.63  236.16
SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited 2,185.92  2,195.34
SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited 3,086.49 3,197.23
KIRSONS BV  Step down 
subsidiary 
 31.58  31.58 
Kirloskar (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd  Associate 14.13-
Kirloskar Power Equipments Limited   0.35  0.35
Vijay Farms Private Limited  Others A & B 108.14 102.21
Vijayjyothi Investments and Agencies Private Limited (Rental Deposit)  100.00  100.00 
Kirsons Trading PTE LTD. -
Amount due from Company:
Kirloskar (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd  Associate -
Transport Corporation of India (up to September 20, 2024)  Others-A -
Kirloskar Batteries Private Limited
Kirsons Trading PTE LTD. 
 Others-B 15.00  14.81 
Sri Vijayadurga Investments and Agencies Private Limited 37.77 30.48
Vijayjyothi Investments and Agencies Private Limited 20.57 109.29
Abhiman Trading Company Private Limited 21.07 31.86
Investment held :
KELBUZZ Trading Private Limited  Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary 
776.26 776.26
Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited ($)
SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited 2.00 2.00
SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited 88.65  88.65
Kirloskar Power Equipment Limited  Others -B 39.45 42.48
Guarantees given for the loans taken by the Company and outstanding 
at the end of the year by:
Vijay R Kirloskar  KMP 3,605.29 3,767.79
5.28
22.00
Ravindu Motors Private Limited 1.29
1.00
1.05
3.91 -
15.02
1.00
 KEC North America Inc has been dissolved. The investments in and dues from the said company have not been written off, pending 
receipt of approvals from Reserve Bank of India.  However, full provision has been made for the same.  Since the said company 
has been dissolved, the same has not been considered for related party disclosures.    
($) Provision for investment of Rs. ₹ 6,064.00 Lakhs had been  made during year ended March 31, 2021.
10 OPERATING LEASE (Ind AS 17): 
 The  Company has various operating leases for office facilities, guesthouse and residential premises of employees that are 
renewable on a periodic basis, and cancelable at its option.  Rental expenses for operating leases included in the financial 
statements for the year are ₹ 200.60 Lakhs (Previous Year ₹ 173.74 Lakhs).      
As at As at
98
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 100]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
11  T  he Company has made provisions towards wage arrears, warranty claims from the customers towards sales, short term 
compensated absences and contingencies. Details of the same are as under:     
₹ in Lakhs
Sl. 
No.
Particluars  Provision for 
Contingencies 
 Wage 
Arrears 
 Short Term 
Compensated 
Absences 
  Warranty 
Claims 
1 Balance outstanding as at: 1-Apr-24  1,398.31 1,079.95 444.46
1-Apr-23  1,613.57 1,411.27 195.04 419.65
2 Provision for the year (net) 31-Mar-25 6.21 (22.70)
31-Mar-24 (215.26) (331.32) 31.58 24.81
3 Balance outstanding as at: 31-Mar-25 106.81 1,086.16 421.76
31-Mar-24  1,398.31 1,079.95 444.46
(1,291.50)
163.46
28.48
134.98
163.46
 Foot Note:
 Prov  ision in respect of wage settlement has been made on estimated basis and differences if any will be accounted on final 
settlement. Further as a matter of abundant caution an estimated provision has been made for contingencies as held in 
respect of ongoing litigations as detailed in note 23 and certain probable liability including in respect of customers.
12 Financial risk management objectives and policies:
 The  entity’s principal financial liabilities comprise borrowings, trade and other payables. The m ain purpose of these financial 
liabilities is to finance the entity’s operations to support its operations. The entity’s principal financial assets include trade and 
other receivables, rental and bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents that are derived directly from its operations.
 The  entity is exposed to market risk/credit and liquidity risks. The entity’s senior management oversee the management of 
these risks. The board reviews their activities. No significant derivative activities have been undertaken so far.
 Market Risk
 Mar ket risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument  will fluctuate because of changes in 
market prices. Market risk comprises three types of risks: interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk, such as equity 
price risk and commodity risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include deposits, FVTOC I investments and 
derivative financial instruments.
 The sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the positi ons as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024:
 The  analysis exclude the impact of movements in market variables on: the carrying values of gratuity and other post-retirement 
obligations; provisions; and the non-financial assets and liabilities of foreign operations.
 The following assumption has been made in calculating sensitivity analysis.
 The  sensitivity of the relevant profit or loss item is the effect of the assumed changes in respective market risks. This is 
based on the financial assets and financial liabilities held at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 including the effect of 
hedgeaccounting. 
 i.  Foreign currency risk
 For eign  currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes 
in foreign exchange rates. The company’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to 
the some of the vendor payments and customer receivables.
 The   fore ign currency exposures that have not been hedged by any derivative instrument or otherwise as on Mar 31, 2025
are as under:
Particulars  As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
 FCY  ₹ in Lakhs  FCY  ₹ in Lakhs 
Assets (Receivables)* USD 505,385 586.04 USD 344,336 437.45
EUR 166,734 EUR 167,344
Liabilities (Payables) USD 330,901 1,782.59 USD 381,030  2,019.83
EUR 56,793 EUR 241,837
SGD 2,268,402 SGD 2,268,402
AED 11,002 AED 362,450
 * Ex  clud es receivable of Euro 11.62 lakhs from Lloyd Dynamowerke GmbH & Co KG, as the same has been assigned to 
KELBUZZ Trading Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary
99
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 101]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 ii.   Foreign currency sensitivity:
13 Fair Value Measurement ( Ind AS 113):
 The  Financial Instruments of the Company are initially recorded at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost 
based on the nature and timing of the cash flows.
Every 1% strengthening in the exchange rate between the Indian rupee and the respective currencies for the above 
mentioned financial assets/liabilities for the years ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 would decrease the 
Company’s loss and increase the Company’s equity by approximately  ₹ 11.97 Lakhs and ₹ 15.82 Lakhs respectively. A 1% 
weakening of the Indian rupee and the respective currencies would lead to an equal but opposite effect. In management’s 
opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk because the exposure at the end 
of the reporting period does not reflect the exposure during the year.
 The below table summarises particulars of Financial Instruments used:
Particulars Note As at March 
31, 2025
As at March 
31, 2024
Financial assets at amortized cost:
Investments 6 1,076.61 1,063.38
Trade receivables 7 & 11 6,094.48 6,757.66
Other financial assets 8 57.79 238.95
Cash & cash equivalents 12 1,672.94 1,636.49
Other bank balances 13 1,231.60 1,178.59
Total financial assets 10,133.42 10,875.07
Financial liabilities at amortized cost:
Borrowings 20 10,737.52 11,774.79
Other financial liabilities 17 630.18 629.24
Trade payables 21 
(1)&(2)
17,821.41 18,674.86
Total financial liabilities 29,189.11  31,078.89
 The  Company has not classified any Financial Asset or Liabilities as measured at Fair value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL) 
or measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI).
 Fair  value of shares held by the Company in ICICI Bank Limited as at the three reporting dates have been computed based 
on its value traded in an active market and constitutes Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy as set out in Ind AS 113. Shares held 
by the Company in other entities which are unlisted and not traded in an active market have been valued based on their net 
asset value per share as per their latest available audited financial statements with the company. The increase / (decrease) is 
recognized in other comprehensive income as at March 31,2025 and March 31,2024 on this count is estimated at ₹13.23 Lakhs 
and ₹ 11.92 Lakhs respectively.
 The  Fair Value of the above financial assets and liabilities are measured at amortized cost which is considered to be 
approximate to their fair values.
14 As reported in earlier years Lloyd Dynamowerke GmbH & Co. KG, Germany (LDW), a step down subsidiary of the Company, 
incurred substantial losses , thereby eroding its net worth and consequent to the actions of local directors of LDW, insolvency 
administrator was appointed by the court in Germany during the preceding year. The Company has been given to understand 
that a South Korean company acquired all significant assets, patents, estates, orders and employees of LDW. During the year, 
Company entered into Settlement Agreement with Insolvency Administrator of Lloyd Dynamowerke GmbH & Co. KG, Germany 
(LDW) for the settlement of all outstanding issues. EUR 125,000 was the settlement amount which KE C has agreed to pay 
through this settlement agreement and accordingly Company had disbursed the entire agreed amount and obtained No Due 
Confirmation from Insolvency Administrator
Wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company have accumulated losses and part/ whole of their net worth have been eroded. 
However having regard to the estimated fair value of the assets which these Companies hold, the diminution in value has been 
considered as temporary and consequently no provision is required to be recognised in the financial statements.
15 
100
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 102]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As a measure of restructuring and with the consent of Lead Bank and other Lender Banks under the Joint Lender Forum (JLF) 
mechanism, the Company had transferred in the year ended March 31, 2015 certain assets comprising of  immovable properties, 
receivables and inventories to its subsidiaries - Kelbuzz Trading Private Limited, SKG Terra Prom enade Private Limited and 
SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited, which will function as special purpose vehicles to hold such assets, dispose off the same 
and pay off certain debts (bank dues) transferred by the Company. The amounts outstanding and due from the subsidiaries as at  
March 31, 2025 in respect of the transfer of the assets as mentioned above, other expenses incurred by the subsidiaries 
reimbursed by the Company and interest charged totally amounts to ₹11,006.09 lakhs (₹11,153.84 lakhs as at March 31, 2024) 
after considering Ind AS adjustments. As on date, the majority of the immovable properties in these subsidiaries have been 
disposed off and the debts including the interest thereon have been paid. All the Banks (Financial liabilities) in these subsidiaries 
have been paid off. However based on expected credit losses as prescribed under Ind AS as against the incurred loss model 
envisaged under earlier GAAP, a sum of ₹9,711.00 lakhs has been provided upto March 31, 2025 (₹8,400.77 lakhs provided upto 
March 31, 2024).
The Board of Directors in its meeting held on May 23, 2024,  has approved the merger of its wholly owned subsidiaries Kelbuzz 
Trading Private Limited, SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited, SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited and Luxquisite 
Parkland Private Limited with the Holding company.  The Company has filled the application of merger with NCLT on October 31, 
2024.
On April 24, 2025 NCLT issued order to send notices to various statutory departments to raise their objection, if any, within 30 
days of receipt of notices. Accordingly notices has been sent on May 06, 2025 by the Company.
16 
The net worth (after excluding revaluation reserve) of the group in terms of the consolidated financial statement as at March 31, 
2025 consisting of the Company, its subsidiaries and its associate is eroded. The company has repaid all term loans which were 
restructured under JLF mechanism. Also the company is in advance stage of negotiation for monetization/disposal of assets 
which will improve the working capital and in turn improve the performance in the forthcoming periods.  The company is confident 
that this funding will have a positive impact on the performance and net worth.  Accordingly your directors have prepared these 
financial statement of the company on the basis that it is a going concern and that no adjustments are considered necessary to 
the carrying value of assets and liabilities.
17 
The Company has filed before the Honorable Supreme Court, special leave petition in respect of resale tax and sales tax penalty 
of ₹ 527 lakhs  (since merged with the Company) and confirmed by the honorable High Court of Karnataka. The Company has 
paid an aggregate amount of ₹ 298.17 lakhs as at March 31, 2025 against the demand which has been included in disputed 
statutory liabilities / taxes paid as reported in Note - 9 to Financial Statements.
18
During the year ended March 31, 2024 Company has closed its branch situated at Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Effective date of 
closure is September 30, 2023. Closure of Branch has no impact on the operations of the Company.
Company has discontinued the component machining activity at unit – 15 situated at Budihal, Bangalore Rural District with   
effect from January 22, 2024. Discontinuation has no impact on the operations of the Company. All workers have been 
relieved from duty and all their compensation dues have been paid.
19
20
21. Ratios:
Sl No Ratios March  
31, 2025
March  
31, 2024
Variance
1 Current ratio 0.40  0.41 (2.59)
Current Assets 15,396  17,594
Current Liabilities 38,852  43,249
2 Debt-Equity ratio  0.71  1.12 (36.48)
Debt (Current and non current portion of long term borrowings + 
Short term borrowings)
10,738 11,775
Equity 15,133 10,541
3 Debt service coverage ratio - (a) 1.96 1.82 7.63
Earnings before interest, Depreciation and Tax (EBITDA) 4,551 4,471
Interest Expense on long term and short term borrowings for the 
period
2,319 2,452
101
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 103]]
Schedule principal repayment of long term borrowings during the 
period
- -
4 Return on equity ratio - (b) 2.60 2.28 13.66
Net profits after taxes 1,724 1,517
Average Shareholder’s equity  664  664 
5 Inventory turnover ratio 8.22 7.89 4.16
Cost of goods sold 38,081 39,222
Average inventory 4,635  4,973
6 Trade receivables turnover ratio - (c) 8.46 10.98 (22.94)
Revenue from operations 54,382 55,735
Average accounts receivables 6,426 5,075
7 Trade payables turnover ratio 2.09 2.24 (6.69)
Cost of goods sold 38,081 39,222
Average trade payables 18,248 17,538
8 Net capital turnover ratio - (d)  (2.32)  (2.17) 6.72
Net sales = Total sales - sales return 54,382 55,735
Working capital = current assets – current liabilities  (2 ) 3,457  (25,655)
Sl No Ratios March  
31, 2025
March  
31, 2024
Variance
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
9 Net profit ratio - (e)  0.03 0.03 16.49
Net Profit 1,724 1,517
Net sales = Total sales - sales return 54,382 55,735
10 Return on capital employed - (f) 0.13 0.13 (0.19)
Earnings before interest and taxes 4,062 3,969
Capital employed = tangible net worth + total debt + deferred Tax 30,795 30,031
 
 
22. Other Statutory Information:
a)  Debt-Equity ratio: Reduction in borrowings this year decreased the debt-equity ratio, increasing profits.
(i) There are no proceedings initiated or are pending against the Company for holding any benami property under the 
prohibition of Benami Property Transaction Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
(ii) The Company does not have any transactions with companies struck off.
(iii) The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period.
(iv) The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
(v) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
 (a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner w hatsoever by or on behalf of the 
company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
 (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(vi) The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the 
understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
 (a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner w hatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or 
 (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries,
(vii) The Company does not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered 
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or 
any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961)
(viii) Previous year's figures have been regrouped/ rearranged wherever necessary to conform to the current year grouping.
(ix) The Company has used accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail 
(edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software, 
creating an edit log of each change made in the books of account along with the date when such changes were made and 
102
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 104]]
ensuring that the audit trail cannot be disabled and no instance of audit trail feature being tampered with was noted in respect 
of accounting software(s) where the audit trail has been enabled. Further, the audit trail been preserved by the company as 
per the statutory requirements for record retention. 
To be read with our report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
For K N Prabhashankar & Co. Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No: 004982S
A. Umesh Patwardhan
Partner
Membership  No:222945
Place: Bengaluru
Date:  May 28, 2025
Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar Anand B Hunnur
Executive Chairman Managing Director
DIN:00031253 DIN:06650798
Sanjeev Kumar S
Director Finance & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN:08673340
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
General Manager & 
Company Secretary
Membership No:A21919
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
103
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 105]]
To the Members of 
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED, BENGALURU
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Ind AS financial statements of KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED 
(“the Holding Company”) and its subsidiaries (Holding Company and its subsidiaries collectively referred to as “the Group”) and its 
associate , which comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 202 , and the Consolidated Statement of Profit and 5
Loss, including Other Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows for the year then ended, and Notes to the Consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting 
policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on consideration of reports 
of other auditors on separate financial statements and on the other financial information of the subsidiaries and associate, the 
aforesaid Consolidated Ind AS financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the 
Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
of the Consolidated state of affairs of the Group as at March 31, 202 , and its Consolidated loss including other comprehensive 5
income, its Consolidated cash flows and the Consolidated changes in equity for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 
2013. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the 'Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements' section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the 'Code of 
Ethics' issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit 
of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI's Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we 
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our qualified opinion.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the Consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 202 . These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the  5
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion 
on these matters.  We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report. 
For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
a. Going Concern Assessment – Effect of erosion in net worth of the group 
 Note 35(16) of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements – The directors have detailed the reasons for preparing these 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements on a going concern basis, though the Company/Group (consisting of the Company, its 
subsidiaries and associate) has accumulated losses and their net worth (after excluding Revaluation Reserve) is eroded. There 
are certain overdue payments to creditors. The Company has repaid all the term loans which w  restructured under JLF  ere
mechanism. 
 We have relied on the representations made by the Company and the appraisal of the restructuring plan including monetization 
of few non-core assets, projection of increase in turnover and infusion of funds in the near future. The appropriateness of the 
said basis of Going Concern is subject to the Company adhering to the restructuring plan and infusion of requisite funds. Hence, 
we are of the opinion that there is no existence of material uncertainty that may cast a significant doubt on the Company's ability 
to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. 
Emphasis of Matter
Attention of the members is invited to note 35(17) of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements which sets out that the Group has 
filed Special Leave Petition in respect of demand of resale tax penalty of ₹ 527 lakhs before the Honourable Supreme Court of India. 
Management has represented to us that it is not probable that there will be an outflow of economic benefits and hence no provision is 
required to be recognized in this regard. We have relied on this representation. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
Other Information  
The Group's Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in 
the annual report but does not include the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements and our auditor's report thereon. Our opinion on  
104
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 106]]
the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, our responsibility is to read the 
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we 
have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We 
have nothing to report in this regard
Responsibility of Management and Those Charged with Governance for Consolidated Financial Statements
The Holding Company's Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and presentation of these Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements in term of the requirements of the Act that give a true and fair view of  the consolidated financial position, 
consolidated financial performance and consolidated changes in equity, consolidated cash flows of the Group including its associate 
in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Accounting Standards specified under 
section 133 of the Act. The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its associate are responsible 
for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the 
Group and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; 
making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, 
relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair view and are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation of the 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements by the Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid. 
In preparing the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, the respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group 
and of its associate are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group and of its associate to continue as a going concern, 
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management 
either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its associate are responsible for overseeing the 
financial reporting process of the Group and of its associate.
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a 
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the 
audit. We also:
 Ÿ Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, 
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentat ions, or the override of 
internal control. 
 Ÿ Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on 
whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls. 
 Ÿ Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management. 
 Ÿ Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the Consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's 
report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. 
 Ÿ Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, 
and whether the Consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves 
fair presentation. 
105
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 107]]
Ÿ Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the 
Group and its associate to express an opinion on the Consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, 
supervision and performance of the audit of the financial statements of such entities included in the Consolidated financial 
statements of which we are the independent auditors. For the other entities included in the Consolidated financial statements, 
which have been audited by other auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision and 
performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
 We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company and such other entities included in the 
Consolidated financial statements of which we are the independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned 
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we 
identify during our audit. 
 We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to 
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards. 
 From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.  
We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matters
a. We did not audit the financial statements of 4 subsidiaries included in the Consolidated year to date financial results, whose 
Consolidated financial results reflect total assets of ₹57.09 lakhs as at   March 31, 2025, total revenues of ₹5.30 lakhs and net 
cash flows of ₹(102.19) lakhs for the year ended on that date, as considered in the Consolidated financial results. These 
financial statements and other financial information have been audited by other auditors whose reports have been furnished to 
us and our opinion on the year-to-date Consolidated results to the extent they have been derived from such financial statements 
is based solely on the report of the other auditors. Our report is not modified in respect of this matter.
b. We did not audit the financial statement of 1 subsidiary included in the Consolidated year to date financial results, whose 
financial results reflect total assets of ₹209.70 lakhs as at March 31, 2025, total revenues of ₹Nil lakhs and net cash flows of ₹Nil 
for the year ended on that date, as considered in the Consolidated financial results. This financial statement and other financial 
information has been prepared and provided to us by the management and our opinion on the year to date Consolidated results 
to the extent they have been derived from such financial statement is based solely on the report of the management. Our report 
is not modified in respect of this matter.
c. We did not audit the financial statement of Kirloskar (Malaysia) Sdn, Bhd., an associate of the Company whose share of loss of 
the Group was ₹ Nil (restricted to the value of the investments) was considered in the preparation of these Consolidated 
financial results. This financial statement and other financial information has been prepared and provided to us by the 
management and our opinion on the year to date Consolidated results to the extent they have been derived from such financial 
statement is based solely on the report of the management. Our report is not modified in respect of this matter.
d. We did not audit the financial statements/information of Kuala Lumpur Branch office of the Com pany, included in the financial 
statements of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2025 whose financial statements/information reflect total 
assets of ₹689.27 lakhs as at March 31, 2025 and total revenues of ₹2,662.10 lakhs for the year ended on that date. The 
financial statements/information of the said branch has been audited by the Branch Auditor whose report has been furnished to 
us. So, to the extent the amounts have been derived from such financial statements is based solely on the report of the Branch 
auditor. Our report is not modified in respect of this matter.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by section 143(3) of the Act, we report, to the extent applicable, that: 
 a. We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were 
necessary for the purpose of our audit of the aforesaid Consolidated Ind  AS financial statements;
 b. In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements have been kept by the Group so far as it appears from our examination of those books and the reports 
of the other auditors;
 c. The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss including Other Comprehensive Income, 
and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this 
Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the Consolidated 
Ind  AS financial statements; 
106
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 108]]
 d. In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Ind AS financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards specified 
under Section 133 of the Act, read with relevant rules as amended;
 e. On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on March 31, 2025 taken 
on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory auditors of its subsidiary 
companies incorporated in India, none of the directors of the Group companies incorporated in India is disqualified as on 
March 31, 2025 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
 f. With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Holding Company and its 
subsidiaries incorporated in India and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in 
“Annexure A”;
 g. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor's Report in accordance with the requirements of section 
197(16) of the Act, as amended:
  In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the 
company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act. 
 h. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors' Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit 
and Auditors) Rules, 2014 as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations 
given to us: 
 i. The Holding Company and its subsidiary companies incorporated in India have disclosed the impact of pending 
litigations on its financial position in its Consolidated Ind AS financial statements – Refer not e 35(1a) to the 
Consolidated Ind  AS financial statements.
 ii. The Holding Company and its subsidiary companies incorporated in India did not have any long-term contracts 
including derivative contracts for which there were any material foreseeable losses under applicable laws or accounting 
standards.
 iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund by the Holding Company and its subsidiary companies incorporated in India.
  iv. (a)  The respective Managements of the Company and its subsidiaries which are companies incorporated in India, 
whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, have represented to us that, to the best of their 
knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or 
loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the 
Company or any of such subsidiaries to or in another person or entity, including foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), 
with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, directly or indirectly 
lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company or 
any of such subsidiaries (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
   (b)  The respective managements of the Company and its subsidiaries which are companies incorporated in India, 
whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, have represented to us that, to the best of their 
knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by 
the Company or any of such subsidiaries from any person or entity, including foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), 
with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company or any of such subsidiaries 
shall, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.   
   (c)  Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances 
performed by us on the Company and its subsidiaries which are companies incorporated in India whose financial 
statements have been audited under the Act, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any 
material misstatement.
              (d)   The Company has not declared or paid any Dividend during the year.   
  (e)  The company has used such accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of 
recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has been operated throughout the year for all transactions recorded in the 
software and the audit trail feature has not been tampered with and the audit trail has be preserved by the company as per the 
statutory requirements for record retention. 
2. With respect to the matters specified in paragraphs 3(xxi) and 4 of the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2020 (the 
107
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 109]]
“Order”/“CARO”) issued by the Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, to be included in the Auditor's report, 
according to the information and explanations given to us, and based on the CARO reports issued by us for the Standalone 
Financials of the Company and by other auditors for its subsidiaries included in the consolidated financial statements of the 
Company, to which reporting under CARO is applicable, there are no qualifications or adverse remarks in these CARO reports 
to be reported.
For ,K N Prabhashankar & Co.
     Chartered Accountants
     Firm Reg. No. 004982S
  
A.Umesh Patwardhan
      Partner
      M. No.222945   
25222945BMLIGC3399UDIN: 
Place: Bengaluru
Date:  May 2 , 2028 5
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 
Act”) 
In conjunction with our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended March 31, 
2025, we have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (“the Company”) 
and its subsidiary companies which are incorporated in India, as of that date.
Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The respective Board of Directors of the Holding Company and its subsidiaries, which are companies incorporated in India, are 
responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on “the internal control over financial reporting criteria 
established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting i ssued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of In dia”. These 
responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company's policies, the safeguarding 
of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the 
timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors' Responsibility 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the 
“Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal 
Financial Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the Guidance Note 
require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively 
in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, 
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures 
selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of their reports 
referred to in Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Holding 
Company and its subsidiaries incorporated in India, internal financial controls system over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
Annexure 'A' to the Auditors' Report 
108
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 110]]
accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) 
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the 
company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or 
improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the 
internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of 
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Holding Company and its subsidiary companies, which are incorporated in India have, in all material respects, an 
adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting and such internal financial controls over financial reporting were 
operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on “the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the 
Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India”.
Other Matters
Our aforesaid reports under 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial controls over 
financial reporting as it related to 4 subsidiary companies, incorporated in India, are based on the corresponding reports of the 
auditor of such companies incorporated in India.
For K N Prabhashankar & Co.,
    Chartered Accountants
     Firm Reg. No. 004982S
  
A.Umesh Patwardhan
      Partner
      M. No.222945     
UDIN: 25222945BMLIGC3399
Place: Bengaluru
Date:  May 28, 2025
109
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 111]]
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
₹ In lakhs
Particulars Note No.  As at March 
31,2025
 As at March 
31,2024
I. ASSETS
 Non-current assets
 (a)  Property, plant and equipment 3 43,522.89 43,757.18
 (b)  Capital work-in-progress 4 - 82.94
 (c)  Investment Property 5  5.41 5.41
 (d)  Other Intangible assets 6 20.93 39.06
 (e)  Financial assets
    (i)  Investments 7 203.41 190.18
    (ii)  Trade receivables 8 205.27 322.00
   (iii)  Other financial assets 9 57.79 238.95
 (f)  Other non-current assets 10 1,977.52 1,774.19
 Total Non-current assets 45,993.22  46,409.91
 Current assets
 (a)  Inventories 1 1 4,538.00 4,823.47
 (b)  Financial assets
  (i)  Trade receivables 12 5,853.65 8,619.87
  (ii)  Cash and cash equivalents 13(a)  1,682.75 1,674.80
  (iii)  Other Bank balances 13(b)  1,231.60 1,248.59
 (c)  Other current assets 14 814.71 1,237.67
 Total Current assets  14,121.51  17,604.40
 TOTAL ASSETS  60,114.73 64,014.31
I. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
 Equity
 (a)  Share capital 15  6,641.41  6,641.41 
 (b)  Other equity 16 4,833.87 1,593.41
 Equity attributable to shareholders 11,475.28 8,234.82
 Non-controlling interest - -
 TOTAL EQUITY 11,475.28 8,234.82
II. LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 (a)  Financial liabilities
   (i)  Other financial liabilities 17 630.17 629.24
 (b)  Provisions 18 2,693.84 2,650.12
110
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 112]]
₹ In lakhs
Particulars Note No.  As at March 
31,2025
 As at March 
31,2024
 (c)  Deferred tax liabilities (net) 19 4,946.12 7,754.93
 Total non current liabilities 8,270.13 11,034.29
 Current liabilities
 (a)  Financial liabilities
  (i)  Borrowings 20 11,610.52 12,647.79
  (ii)  Trade payables
   (1)  dues to micro and small enterprises, and 21(1) 861.10 670.79
   (2)  dues to creditors other than micro and small enterprises 21(2) 16,962.60 18,005.69
  (iii)  Other financial liabilities 22 626.82 633.00
 (b)  Provisions 23 1,749.71 3,086.19
 (c)  Other current liabilities 24 8,539.99 9,701.53
 (d)  Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 25 18.58  0.21
Total current liabilities 40,369.32 44,745.20
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 60,114.73  64,014.31
Significant accounting policies and  notes attached form an integral 
part of the financial statements 
1-35
To be read with our report of even date For and on behalf of th e Board of Directors of 
For K N Prabhashankar & Co. Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No: 004982S
A. Umesh Patwardhan
Partner
Membership  No:222945
Place: Bengaluru
Date:  May 28, 2025
Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar Anand B Hunnur
Executive Chairman Managing Director
DIN:00031253 DIN:06650798
Sanjeev Kumar S
Director Finance & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN:08673340
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
General Manager & 
Company Secretary
Membership No:A21919
111
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 113]]
₹ in Lakhs
         Particulars Note 
No.
 As at March 
31,2025
 As at March 
31,2024
I Revenue from operations 26 54,382.39 55,735.08
II Other income 27 774.51 798.85
III Total income (I + II) 55,156.90 56,533.93
IV Expenses:
Cost of materials consumed 28 37,861.19 38,804.09
Changes in inventories of finished goods, work in 
progress and Stock-in-Trade
29 219.81 417.43
38,081.00 39,221.52
Employee benefit expenses 30 7,546.27 7,652.82
Finance costs 31 2,432.47 2,565.27
Depreciation and amortization expenses 32 489.16 501.64
Other expenses 33 7,204.74 5,184.81
55,753.64 55,126.06
Less: expenses capitalised 0.05 -
Total expenses 55,753.59 55,126.06
V Profit before exceptional items and tax (III-IV) (596.69) 1,407.87
VI Exceptional Items 994.97  -   
VII Profit before tax (V-VI) 398.28 1,407.87
VIII Tax expense:
Current tax 18.58
Deferred tax  -   25.22  -   
IX Profit for the year (VII - VIII) 373.06 1,407.87
X Other comprehensive income
(i) Ite  ms that will not be reclassified to profit or 
loss :
 a)  R  emeasurements of the defined benefit 
plans
45.36 (62.93)
 b)  Taxes on above (12.62) 17.51
(ii)  Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:
 a)  Mark to Market of Investments 13.23 11.92
 b)  Revaluation gain on Land - -
 c)  Taxes on above 2,821.43 2,867.40 (2,322.97) (2,356.47)
XI Total comprehensive income for the year ( IX+X ) 3,240.46 (948.60)
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
-
-
Earlier year tax 6.64  -   
112
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 114]]
₹ in Lakhs
         Particulars Note 
No.
 As at March 
31,2025
 As at March 
31,2024
XII Earning per equity share (for continuing operations 
& combined) 34
Basic (in ₹) 0.56 2.12
Earning per equity share (for continuing operations 
& combined) 34
Diluted (in ₹) 0.56 2.12
(Paid up value per share)  10.00  10.00 
 Sign  ificant accounting policies and notes 
attached form an integral part of the financial 
statements 
1 - 35
To be read with our report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
For K N Prabhashankar & Co. Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No: 004982S
A. Umesh Patwardhan
Partner
Membership  No:222945
Place: Bengaluru
Date:  May 28, 2025
Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar Anand B Hunnur
Executive Chairman Managing Director
DIN:00031253 DIN:06650798
Sanjeev Kumar S
Director Finance & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN:08673340
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
General Manager & 
Company Secretary
Membership No:A21919
113
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 115]]
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
₹ In lakhs
Particulars  As at March 31,2025  As at March 31,2024
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before taxation 398.28 1,407.87
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation 489.16 501.64
Provisions (net) 568.60 (992.71)
(Profit / Loss) on sale of fixed assets 0.32  (2.91)
Interest income  (111.20)  (123.21)
Dividends received  (0.63)  (0.51)
Finance costs  2,432.47 2,565.27
3,378.72 1,947.57
3,777.00 3,355.44
(Increase)/ decrease in trade and other 
receivables
 
1,581.39
 
(2,607.67)
(Increase)/ decrease in inventories 286.13 390.18
Increase/ (decrease) in trade payables and 
other current liabilities (2,013.39) 2,379.91
(145.87) 162.42
3,631.13 3,517.86
Income taxes paid 54.86 (140.15)
Net cash from operating activities 3,576.27 3,658.01
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment (385.53)  (250.15)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and 
equipment 0.23 3.96
Interest received 97.12 125.79
Increase in margin money and short term 
deposits 189.15  (89.42)
Dividend received  0.63 0.51
Net cash from investing activities (92.40) (213.31)
Cash flows from financing activities
ICD's accepted 3,275.00
ICD's repaid (1,264.77) (718.69)
Repayment of fixed deposits from public  (10.00)  (7.40)
Redemption of Prefernce share capital - (4.00)
400.00
Increase/ (decrease) of short term borrowings 
(net)  (162.50)  (3,246.38)
Finance costs  (2,438.65)  (2,367.26)
114
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 116]]
₹ In lakhs
Particulars  As at March 31,2025  As at March 31,2024
Net cash from financing activities  (3,475.92)  (3,064.73)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents
7.95 379.97
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of 
the year
1,674.80 1,294.83
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the 
year
1,682.75 1,674.80
Cash & Cash equivalents:
The above Cash flow statement has been prepared under the ‘Indirect Method’ as set out in the Ind AS-7, ‘Statements of Cash 
Flow’. Cash and cash equivalents are net of bank overdraft as required under Ind AS -7. Cash and cash equivalents included in the 
statement of cash flows comprise the following amounts in the balance sheet:
Cash on hand and bank balances 2,914.35 2,923.39
Less: Other bank balances 1,231.60 1,248.59
Cash and cash equivalents as restated 1,682.75 1,674.80
To be read with our report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
For K N Prabhashankar & Co. Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No: 004982S
A. Umesh Patwardhan
Partner
Membership  No:222945
Place: Bengaluru
Date:  May 28, 2025
Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar Anand B Hunnur
Executive Chairman Managing Director
DIN:00031253 DIN:06650798
Sanjeev Kumar S
Director Finance & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN:08673340
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
General Manager & 
Company Secretary
Membership No:A21919
115
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 117]]
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
1 BACKGROUND:
 The  Consolidated Financial Statements comprise financial statements of “Kirloskar Electric C ompany Limited (“the Holding 
Company”) and its subsidiaries and associate (collectively referred as “the Group”) for the year ended March 31, 2025 and the 
principal activities of the group is manufacture and sale of electric motors, alternators, generators, transformers, switchgear, 
DG sets etc.
2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES :
 a BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
 The   fina ncial statements of the company have been prepared in accordance with IND AS as prescribed under Section 
133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and 
subsequent amendments thereto.
 The   fina ncial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following assets and liabilities 
which have been measured at fair value or revalued amount:
  - Freehold Land classified as Own assets and Leasehold Land classified as Assets taken on Finance Lease
  - Certain financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (refer accounting policy regarding financial instruments).
 b PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION :
 i) The financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries have been consolidated on a line by line basis 
by adding together the book values of like items of assets, liabilities, income and expenditures after eliminating 
intra group balances and transactions to the extent identified and reconciled in accordance with Indian Accounting 
Standard (Ind AS) 110 - Consolidated Financial Statements .
 ii) The stepdown subsidiary of the Company, namely Kirsons BV has been classified as an ‘Integral Foreign Operation’. 
Revenue items denominated in foreign currency have been converted at the average rate prevailing during the year. 
Non monetary foreign currency assets and liabilities have been accounted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the 
transaction date. Monetary foreign currency assets and liabilities have been converted at the rates prevailing at the 
end of the year. Resultant differences have been adjusted in the statement of profit & loss.
  iii) The difference between the cost of investment in the subsidiaries, over the net assets at the time of acquisition of 
shares in the subsidiaries and associates are recognised in the financial statements as Goodwill or Capital Reserve, 
as the case may be.
 iv) Investments in associate companies have been accounted under the equity method as per Ind AS 28 - “Investments 
in Associates and Joint Ventures”.
 v)  Under the equity method of accounting, the investment is initially recorded at cost, identifyi ng any goodwill / 
capital reserve arising at the time of acquisition. The carrying amount of investment is adjusted thereafter for post 
acquisition changes in the investor’s share of net assets of the investee. The consolidated statement of profit and 
loss reflects the investor’s share of the results of operations of the investee. Calculation of goodwill/ capital reserve 
as well as post acquisition changes has been made based on available information. Comprehensive information 
was not available.
 c FUNCTIONAL AND PRESENTATION CURRENCY:
 The  se fin  ancial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (₹), which is the Company’s functional currency. All financial 
information is presented in Indian Rupees (₹) rounded to the nearest Lakhs, except share and Earning per share data, 
unless otherwise stated.
 d FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT :
  The Company measures financial instruments, such as, derivatives at fair value at each balance sheet date
 Fa ir val  ue is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liabil ity in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the 
transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
- In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
- In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability
116
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 118]]
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
  
  
 A fa  ir val  ue measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic 
benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the 
asset in its highest and best use.
 The   Com  pany uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are 
available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable 
inputs.
 All a  sset s and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the 
fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement 
as a whole:
  
* Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
  
* Level 2 —  Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair val ue measurement is 
directly or indirectly observable
  
* Level 3 —  Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair val ue measurement is 
unobservable.
 For  asse  ts and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Company determines 
whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the lowest 
level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.
 For   the  purpose of fair value disclosures, the Company has determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of 
the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.
 e PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (“PPE”):
  (i) Tangible Assets:
  (ii) Intangible assets:
 Int angib  le as  sets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. Intangible assets comprise 
computer software held for use. Following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated 
amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
 Ga  ins o  r loss  es arising from de-recognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the net 
disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in the statement of profit and loss when 
the asset is derecognized.
 In  both  case  s, the company has opted for the exemption provided in Ind AS 101 by treating the book value of 
PPE (other than land which was revalued on April 01,2016) and intangible assets as on the transition date ( April 
01,2016) as the deemed cost of the relevant assets.
 The   prin  cipal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Company. The fair value of an asset or 
a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, 
assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.
Land has been recognized on the revaluation model envisaged in Ind AS 16. Revaluations are carried out at  sufficient 
regularity. Other items of PPE are stated at the cost of acquisition less accumulated depreciation and write down for, 
impairment if any. Direct costs are capitalized until the assets are ready to be put to use. Subsequent costs are 
included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable 
that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the entity and the cost of the item can be measured 
reliably. All other expenses on existing assets, including day-to-day repair and maintenance expenditure and cost of 
replacing parts, which do not meet the definition of PPE as per Ind AS 16 are charged to the statement of profit and 
loss for the period during which such expenses are incurred.
Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of PPE are measured as the difference between the net disposal 
proceeds and the carrying amount of PPE and are recognized in the statement of profit and loss when the PPE is 
derecognized.
  (iii) Depreciation & Amortization:
  a.     Depreciation on furniture and fixtures costing above ₹ 5,000/- provided at the residences of the employees has 
been charged at the rate of 33.33% on the straight-line method irrespective of the month of addition.
117
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 119]]
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
  b. Depreciation on assets taken on finance lease is charged over the primary lease period.
  c. Depreciation on PPE (other than Furniture and Fixtures provided to employees and assets taken on finance 
lease) bought/sold during the year is charged on straight line method as per the useful life in Schedule II of 
Companies Act 2013 on a monthly basis, depending upon the month of the financial year in which the assets 
are installed/sold.
  d. The amortization period and the amortization method are reviewed at least at each financial year end. If the 
expected useful life of the asset is significantly different from previous estimates, the amortization period is 
changed accordingly. If there has been a significant change in the expected pattern of economic benefits from 
the asset, the amortization method is changed to reflect the changed pattern.
 f INVESTMENT PROPERTIES:
  a. Investment properties are properties held for a currently undetermined future use and are valued at cost.
  b.    A  n investment property is derecognized upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn 
from use and no future economic benefits are expected from the disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition 
of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the 
asset) is included in the standalone statement of profit and loss in the period in which the property is derecognized.
 g NON CURRENT ASSETS HELD FOR SALE:
  Non Current Assets held for sale are stated at cost or estimated net realizable value, whichever is lower.
 h INVENTORIES:
  (I)  In  ventories does not include spare parts ,servicing equipment and stand by equipment which meet definition of PPE 
 as per AS-10 (revised) .
  (ii) R  aw materials, stores, spare parts and components are valued at cost on weighted average basis or net realizable 
value whichever is lower.
  (iii) Work in progress is valued at works cost or net realizable value whichever is lower.
  (iv) Finished goods are valued at works cost or net realizable value whichever is lower.
  (v) Material cost of work in progress and finished goods are computed on weighted average basis.
 i REVENUE RECOGNITION:
 Ind  AS 1  15 supersedes Ind AS 11 Construction Contracts and Ind AS 18 Revenue and it applies, with limited exceptions, 
to all revenue arising from contracts with customers. Ind AS 115 establishes a five-step model to account for revenue 
arising from contracts with customers and requires that revenue be recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration 
to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer.
 Ind  AS 1  15 requires entities to exercise judgment, taking into consideration all of the relevant facts and circumstances 
when applying each step of the model to contracts with their customers. The standard also specifies the accounting for 
the incremental costs of obtaining a contract and the costs directly related to fulfilling a contract. In addition, the standard 
requires extensive disclosures.
 The   Com  pany adopted Ind AS 115 using the modified retrospective method of adoption with the date of initial application 
of 01 April, 2018. Under this method, the standard can be applied either to all contracts at the date of initial application 
or  only to contracts that are not completed at this date. The Company elected to apply the standard to all contracts as 
at 01 April, 2018.
 The   cum  ulative effect of initially applying Ind AS 115 is recognised at the date of initial application as an adjustment to 
the opening balance of retained earnings. Therefore, the comparative information was not restated and continues to be 
reported under Ind AS 11 and Ind AS 18.
 Effe  ctive   01 April 2018, the Company has adopted Indian Accounting Standard 115 (Ind AS 115) -’Revenue from contracts 
with customers’ using the cumulative catch-up transition method, applied to contracts that were not completed as on 
the transition date i.e. 01 April 2018. Accordingly, the comparative amounts of revenue and the corresponding contract 
assets / liabilities have not been retrospectively adjusted. The effect on adoption of Ind-AS 115 was insignificant.
118
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 120]]
 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
 j EMPLOYEE BENEFITS:
  (i) Short term employee benefits :
 All  shor t-term   employee benefits such as salaries, wages, bonus, special awards and medical benefits which fall 
within 12 months of the period in which the employee renders related services which entitles them to avail such 
benefits and non-accumulating compensated absences are recognized on an undiscounted basis and charged to 
the statement of profit and loss.
  (ii) Post employment benefits:
   a. Defined contribution plans:
 Th  e Co  mpan  y ha  s contributed to provident, pension and superannuation funds which are defined contribution 
plans. The contributions paid/ payable under the scheme are recognized during the year in which employee 
renders the related service.
   b. Defined benefit plans:
 Em  ploy  ees’  gratu  ity is defined benefit plan. The present value of the obligation under such plan is determined 
based on actuarial valuation using the Projected Unit Credit Method which considers each year of service 
as giving rise to an additional unit of benefit entitlement and measures each unit separately to build up the 
final obligation. Actuarial gains and losses are recognized immediately in the other comprehensive income. 
Obligation is measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows using a discounted rate that is 
determined by reference to market yields as at the balance sheet date on Government bonds where the currency 
and terms of the Government bonds are consistent with the currency and estimated terms that matches to the 
defined benefit obligation. Gratuity to employees is covered under Group Gratuity Life Assurance Scheme of 
the Life Insurance Corporation of India.
   c. Compensated Absences:
  k  FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS:
  ( )    F  oreign currency transactions are translated into rupees at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the transaction 
/ rates that approximate the actual rates as at that date.
  (ii)    Monetary foreign currency assets and liabilities outstanding as at the year-end are restated at the exchange rates 
prevailing as at the close of the financial year. All exchange differences are accounted for in the statement of profit 
and loss.
  (iii) N  on monetary items denominated in foreign currency, are valued at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of 
transaction.
  (iv) B  ranches are considered as integral foreign operations and have been translated at rates prevailing on the date of 
transaction/rate that approximates the actual rate as at that date. Branch monetary assets and liabilities outstanding 
as at year end are restated at the year end rates.
 l TAXATION:
  Income tax expense is the sum of current tax and deferred tax.
  Current tax:
 The   curr  ent tax is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from ‘profit before tax’ as reported in the 
statement of profit and loss due to the effect of items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years 
Accumulated compensated absences, which are expected to be availed or encashed within 12 months from the 
end of the year end are treated as short term employee benefits. The obligation towards the same is measured at 
the expected cost of accumulating compensated absences as the additional amount expected to be paid as a 
result of the unused entitlement as at the year end.
Accumulated compensated absences, which are expected to be availed or encashed beyond 12 months from 
the end of the year are treated as other long term employee benefits. The Company’s liability is actuarially 
determined (using the Projected Unit Credit method) at the end of each year. Actuarial losses/ gains are 
recognized in the statement of profit and loss in the year in which they arise.
and items that are not taxable or deductible. The Company’s current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been 
enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
119
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 121]]
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
  Deferred tax:
 Def  erred   tax is recognized using the balance sheet approach. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized 
on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the 
corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
 Def  erred   tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally 
recognized for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available 
against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized.
 The   carry  ing amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that 
it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be utilized.
 Def  erred   tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the 
liability is settled or the asset realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted 
by the end of the reporting period.
 The   mea  surement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner 
in which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets 
and liabilities.
 m BORROWING COSTS:
 Inte  rest  and other borrowing costs on specific borrowings relatable to qualifying assets are capitalized up to the date 
such assets are ready for use / intended to use. Other interest and borrowing costs are charged to the statement of profit 
and loss.
 n LEASES:
 The   Com  pany applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and 
leases of low-value assets. The Company recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets 
representing the right to use the underlying assets.
  (i) Right-of-use assets
  The Company recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying 
asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and 
impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes 
the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the 
commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line 
basis over the lease term. If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or 
the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the 
asset. The right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment.
  (ii) Lease Liabilities
  At the commencement date of the lease, the Company recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value 
of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in 
substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index 
or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the 
exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Company and payments of penalties 
for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Company exercising the option to termi nate. Variable lease 
payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to 
produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs. In calculating 
the present value of lease payments, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement 
date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the 
amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. 
In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease 
term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate 
used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying 
asset.
(iii) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
  The Company applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases (i.e., t hose leases that 
have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also 
120
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 122]]
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
  
applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases that are considered to be low value. Lease 
payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis 
over the lease term.
 o PROVISIONS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES:
  )     A   provision is recognized when an enterprise has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as result of past event 
and it is probable that an outflow of embodying economic benefits of resources will be required to settle a reliably 
assessable obligation. Provisions are determined based on best estimate required to settle each obligation at each 
balance sheet date. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current 
pre-tax rate that reflects, when appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When discounting is used, the increase 
in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as a finance cost.
 ii)    P  rovisions for onerous contracts, i.e. contracts where the expected unavoidable costs of meeting obligations under 
a contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received, are recognized when it is probable that an outflow 
of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle a present obligation as a result of an obligating 
event, based on a reliable estimate of such obligation.
 iii)   P  rovisions for warranty-related costs are recognized when the service provided to the customer. Initial recognition 
is based on historical experience and the present value of the future estimated obligation. The initial estimate of 
warranty-related costs is revised annually. The annual rewinding of interest is recognized in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss.
 iv)     A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events whose existence will be confirmed by the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events beyond the control of the Company or a 
present obligation that is not recognized because it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to 
settle the obligation. A contingent liability also arises in extremely rare cases where there is a l iability that cannot 
be recognized because it cannot be measured reliably. The Company does not recognize a contingent liability but 
discloses its existence in the financial statements.
 p FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:
 Fin  anci al assets and liabilities are recognized when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of 
the instrument. Financial assets and liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value measured on initial recognition 
of financial asset or financial liability.
 (i)  Cash and Cash Equivalents:
 Cas  h an  d Cash Equivalents comprise cash and deposit with banks other than for term deposit earmarked for Bank 
Guarantee. The company considers all highly liquid investments including demand deposits with bank with an original 
maturity of three months or less and that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash to be cash equivalents.
 (ii)  Financial assets at amortized cost:
 Fin ancia  l assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost if these financial assets are held within a business whose 
objective is to hold these assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms of the financial asset 
give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount 
outstanding.
 (iii)  Financial liabilities:
 Fin ancia  l liabilities are subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method. For trade and other 
payables maturing within one year from the balance sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the 
short maturity of these instruments.
I
I
 q IMPAIRMENT:
  (i)  Financial Assets:
 The   Com  pany assesses at each date of balance sheet whether a financial asset or a group of financial assets is 
impaired. Ind AS 109 requires expected credit losses to be measured through a loss allowance. The Company 
recognizes lifetime expected losses for all contract assets and / or all trade receivables that do not constitute a 
financing transaction. For all other financial assets, expected credit losses are measured at an amount equal to the 
12-month expected credit losses or at an amount equal to the life time expected credit losses if the credit risk on the 
financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition.
121
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 123]]
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
  
(ii) Other Equity Investments:
 All  othe r equ  ity instruments are measured at fair value, with value changes recognised in Statement of Profit and 
Loss, except for those equity investments  for which the Company has elected to present the value changes in 
‘Other Comprehensive Income’.
  
(iii)  Non Financial Assets:
  A non financial asset is treated as impaired when the carrying cost of asset exceeds its recoverable value.  An 
impairment loss, if any, is charged to statement of profit and loss, in the year in which an asset  is identified as 
impaired.
 
r EARNINGS PER SHARE:
 Bas  ic ea  rnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders 
by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. The weighted average numbers of 
equity shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for events of bonus issue.
 For  the  purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for the effects of 
all dilutive potential equity shares.
122
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 124]]
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
(a) Equity Share Capital ₹ in  Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Balance at the Beginning of the year  6,641.40  6,641.40 
Changes in equity share capital during the year  -    -   
Balance at the end of the year  6,641.40  6,641.40 
(b) Other Equity ₹ in  Lakhs
Particulars
Capital 
redemption 
reserve
Capital 
reserve on 
consolidation
Capital 
reserve
Securities 
premium
Retained 
earnings
Reconstruction 
reserves
Total (A) Other Comprehensive Income Total (B) Total 
Other 
equity    
(A+B)
Items that will be 
reclassified  
to profit or loss
Items that will not 
be reclassified to 
profit or loss
Fair 
value of 
Investment
Revaluation 
of Land
Actuarial gains/ 
(losses) of 
employee benefits
Total comprehensive income as at 
March 31 2023
 2,401.75  23.87  18.06  4,410.84  (39,612.63)  641.6 7  (32,116.44) 108.18 34,420.46 129.81 36,658.45 2,542.01
Add/(Less): Profit/ (loss) for the Year  -    -    -   1,4 07.87  -   1,407.87 11.92 -  -   11.92 1,419.79
Add/(Less): Ind AS adjustments  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   (62.93) (62.93) (62.93)
Less: Tax Adjustment on Ind AS items  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    (3.32) (2,319.65) 17.51 (2,305.46) (2,30 5.46)
Total comprehensive income as at 
March 31 2024
 2,401.75  23.87  18.06  4,410.84  (38,204.76)  641.6 7  (30,708.57) 116.78 32,100.81 84.39 32,301.98 1,593.41
Add/(Less): Profit/ (loss) for the Year  -    -    -    -   373.06  -   373.06 13.23 -  -   13.23 386.29
 Add/(Less): Ind AS adjustments  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   45.36
Less: Tax Adjustment on Ind AS items  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    (0.54) 2,821.97 (12.62) 2,808.81 2,808.81
Total comprehensive income as at 
March 31 2025
 2,401.75  23.87  18.06  4,410.84  (37,831.70)  641.6 7  (30,335.51) 129.47 34,922.78 117.13 35,169.38 4,833.8 7
45.3645.36
 -   
 -   
 -   
To be read with our report of even date
For K N Prabhashankar & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No: 004982S
A. Umesh Patwardhan
Partner
Membership  No:222945
Place: Bengaluru
Date:  May 28, 2025
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar Anand B Hunnur
Executive Chairman Managing Director
DIN:00031253 DIN:06650798
Sanjeev Kumar S
Director Finance & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN:08673340
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
General Manager & 
Company Secretary
Membership No:A21919
123
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 125]]
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
3 Property plant and equipment: ₹ In Lakhs
Tangible assets  Own Assets Assets taken 
on Finance 
Lease
 Total 
Gross block  Land  Building  Plant and 
equipment 
 Tools & Jigs  Electrical 
installations 
 Motor 
vehicles 
 Office 
equipments 
 Furniture 
and fittings 
 Leasehold 
improvements 
 Land 
Balance as at March 31, 2023 35,447.24 5,010.54 15,305.38 1,896.48  156.21  411.92 356.69 653.40  313.35  4,920.1 0 64,471.31
Additions 85.61 55.01  -   87.60 47.89 7.60 313.71
Revaluation ( Refer note 4 below)  -    -    -   -
Disposals - 34.92 -  -   106.04 7.16 86.37  -    -   234.49
Balance as at March 31, 2024 35,447.24 5,040.54 15,356.07 1,951.49  156.21 393.48 397.42 574.63  313.35  4,920.10  64,550.53
Additions 59.19 137.24 27.24  -   6.08 7.54 237.29
Disposals  -   2.54  -    -   1.61 10.39  -    -   14.54
Balance as at March 31, 2025  35,447.24 5,099.73 15,490.7 7 1,978.73  156.21 393.48 401.89 571.78  313.35  4,920.10  64,773.28
Accumulated depreciation
Balance as at March 31, 2023  -   2,835.75 14,578.97 1,554 .44 156.05 395.44 225.12 638.61 158.98  -   20,543.36
Depreciation charge for the year  -   154.34 199.36 62.07 0. 09 14.30 36.63 6.17  10.47  -   483.43
Disposals  -   - 34.92  -    -   106.04 6.15 86.33  -    -   233.4 4
Balance as at March 31, 2024  -   2,990.09 14,743.41 1,616 .51 156.14 303.70 225.60 558.45 169.45  -   20,793.35
Depreciation charge for the year  -   157.05 192.24 61.49 0. 07 12.08 32.01 5.87  10.47  -   471.28
Disposals  -    -   2.54  -   1.60 10.10  -    -   14.24
Balance as at March 31, 2025  -   3,147.14 14,933.11 1,678.00  156.21 315.78 286.01 55 4.22 179.92  -   21,250.39
Net block
Balance as at March 31, 2023 35,447.24 2,174.79 726.41 342.04 0.16 16.48 131.57 14.79 15 4.37  4,920.10 43,927.95
Balance as at March 31, 2024 35,447.24 2,050.45 612.66 334.98  0.07 89.78 141.82 16.18 1 43.90  4,920.10 43,757.18
Balance as at March 31, 2025  35,447.24 1,952.59 557.66 300.73 - 77.70 115.88 17.56 133 .43  4,920.10 43,522.89
Additional information:
1)  L and taken on lease from KIADB at cost aggregating to ₹ 68.70 lakhs. On expiry of lease periods, payment of balance considerations if any, and execution of sale deeds, 
the relevant title will pass to the Company.
2)  M  anagement has determined that there are no significant parts of assets whose useful life is different from that of the principal asset to which it relates to in terms of Note 
4 Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, useful life of assets have been determined for the overall asset and not for its individual components.
30.00
 -   
-
-
-
 -    -   
 -   
 -   
124
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 126]]
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at March 31, 
2025
 As at March 31, 
2024
4  Capital work in progress:
 Plant and machinery - 82.94
- 82.94
5  Investment property:
 Land  5.41 5.41
 5.41 5.41
6  Other Intangible Assets ₹ In Lakhs
Gross block Goodwill Computer 
software
Techincal 
knowhow 
& product 
development
Total
Balance as at March 31, 2023  423.46 623.78  1,088.51 2,135.75
Additions  -   42.11  -   42.11
Balance as at March 31, 2024  423.46 665.89  1,088.51 2,177.86
Additions  -   -
 -   
-
Balance as at March 31, 2025  423.46 506.87  1,088.51 2,018.84
Accumulated amortisation:
Balance as at March 31, 2023  423.46 608.62  1,088.51 2,120.59
Depreciation charge for the year  -   18.21 - 18.21
Balance as at March 31, 2024  423.46 626.83  1,088.51 2,138.80
Depreciation charge for the year  -   17.88 17.88
Balance as at March 31, 2025  423.46 485.94  1,088.51 1,997.91
Net block
Balance as at March 31, 2023  -   15.16 - 15.16
Balance as at March 31, 2024  -   39.06 - 39.06
Balance as at March 31, 2025  -   20.93  -   20.93
 -   
Revaluation
Disposals
Disposals  -   
-
159.02
158.77
-
159.02
158.77
7  Investments:
Details of 
investments
Name of the Company  As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
 No. of 
shares 
Face 
value
 ₹ In 
Lakhs 
 No. of 
shares 
Face 
value
 ₹ In 
Lakhs 
a) Investments in equity Instruments:
i)  Associates: (Trade)
 Fully paid up
 Kirloskar (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.
 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia  3,00,000 MR1  -    3,00,000 MR1  -   
ii)  Others
 Fully paid up
 ICIC  I bank Limited (on merger of Sangli 
Bank Limited)
 5,945 2 80.16  5,945 2 65.15
 The Mysore Kirloskar Limited (refer 
additional information 3 below)
 7,70,750 10  -    7,70,750 10  -   
 Kirlo  skar Proprietary Limited  26 100 40.02  26 100 37.33
 Kirsons Trading Pte.Limited  56,250 S $1 43.58  56,250 S $1 45.02
125
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 127]]
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
b) Investments in debentures or bonds
 )      Others
Fully paid up
The Mysore Kirloskar Ltd (refer additional 
information 3 below)  30,000 44  -    30,000 44  -   
Total 203.41 190.18
I
I
 Kirloskar  Power Equipments Limited  3,40,000 10 39.45  3,40,000 10 42.48
 Dr. P  rabhakar Kore Credit Souhard 
Shakari Ltd  210 100 0.20  210 100  0.20 
Additional Information:
1) Aggregate value of quoted investments:
Carrying Value  1.00  1.00 
Market Value 80.16 65.15
2) Aggregate value of unquoted investments:
Carrying Value 123.25 125.03
3) Securities in The Mysore Kirloskar Limited have been written off.
4) Shares held in Kirloskar Proprietary Limited, Kirloskar Trading Pte Limited and Kirloskar  Power Equipment Limited (all 
unlisted) have been mark to market based on the net asset value of an equity share as at March 31,2024 and March 31,2023 
as per their latest audited financial statements as of those dates. The differential amounts as on the date of transition has 
been recognized in opening reserves and changes thereafter have been recognized as other comprehensive income.
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
8 Trade receivables:
 (unsecured and considered good)
 i)  Long term trade receivables 205.27 322.00
205.27 322.00
9  Other financial assets:
 i)  Ba  nk deposits with more than twelve months maturity 57.79 238.95
57.79 238.95
10 Other non current assets:
 (uns  ecured and considered good, unless otherwise stated)
 i)  Capital advances 936.34 702.14
 ii)  Security deposits 344.91 316.59
 iii)  Rent deposit to related parties  100.00  100.00 
 iv)  Deferred Income - rental deposit 14.48 20.81
 v)  Disputed statutory liabilities/ taxes paid 433.60 521.54
 vi)  Income tax receivable (net) 161.12 113.11
1,054.11 1,072.05
 Amo  unts due from a private company in which a director of the Company is a director 
included in (iii) above  100.00  100.00
Less: Allowance for capital Advance 12.93 -
923.41 702.14
1,977.52 1,774.19
126
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 128]]
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
11 Inventories:
 I)  Raw materials 1,147.20 1,210.33
 ii)  Work in progress 2,618.76 3,375.21
 iii)  Finished goods 833.69 282.18
 iv)  Stores and spares 56.00 59.23
 v)  Others (scrap stock) 4.88 16.75
 Goods in transit: 
Finished goods
4,660.53 4,946.66
 Less: Provision for non-moving stocks 121.73 123.19
4,538.80 4,823.47
I)  - 2.96
12 Trade receivables: 
 i)  Trade receivables exceeding six months 5,594.94 5,876.75
 ii)  others 6,005.81 6,633.16
11,600.75 12,509.91
 Less: allowance for credit loss 5,747.10 3,890.04
5,853.65 8,619.87
1) Amounts due by private companies in which directors of the Company are directors - -
Trade receivables ageing as at March 31, 2025:
Particulars  Undisputed trade receivables  Disputed trade receivables  Total 
Considered 
good 
 Considered- 
credit impaired 
Considered 
good 
 Considered- 
credit impaired 
Less than 6 months 5,990.49 - 6,005.81
6 months to 1 year 79.95 68.11 159.48
1-2 year 241.11 11.46 321.73
2-3 year 67.36 0.66 120.94
More than 3 year - - 4,992.79 4,992.79
Total 11,600.75
Less: allowance for credit loss 5,747.10
Total 5,853.65
-
-
0.48
2.09
-
15.32
11.42
68.68
50.83
13 a)  Cash and cash equivalents:
 i)  Balances with banks
  - in other accounts 1,676.14 1,674.64
 ii)  Cash on hand 6.61 0.16
1,682.75 1,674.80
 b) Other bank balances:
 i)  Balances with banks
474.93 440.17  - in short term deposits
756.67 808.42   -  in margin money, security for borrowings, guarantees and other 
commitments
1,231.60 1,248.59
 Total (a + b) 2,914.35 2,923.39
127
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 129]]
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
14 Other Current assets: 
 (unsecured and considered good, unless otherwise stated)
 i) Loans and advances to related parties (refer note 35(5)) 108.49 102.56
 ii)  Advance paid to suppliers and others 772.51 1,240.99
881.00 1,343.55
 Less: Allowance for doubtful advances for advance paid to suppliers and others 66.29 105.88
814.71 1,237.67
15 Share capital:
Authorized: (*)
Preference Shares of ₹ 100/- each  3,000,000  3,000.00  3,000,000  3,000.00 
Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each  85,000,000  8,500.00  85,000,000  8,500.00 
 11,500.00  11,500.00 
Issued, subscribed and fully paid up:
Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each
At the beginning of the year  66,414,071  6,641.41  66,414,071  6,641.41 
Issued during the year  -    -    -    -   
At the close of the year  66,414,071  6,641.41  66,414,071  6,641.41 
Total carried to Balance Sheet  66,414,071.00  6,641.41  66,414,071.00  6,641.41 
Debts due by directors or other officers of the company 
Amounts due by private companies in which directors of the Company are 
directors
108.49 102.56
Foot notes      
1 Preference shares:     
a.  The Company had issued cumulative preference shares of ₹ 100/- each. The preference shareholders did not have 
voting rights.     
b. 1,176,746 Preference shares (value ₹ 1,176.75 lakhs) were allotted pursuant to a contract without consideration being 
received in cash. These preference shareholders were allotted to preference share holders of Kaytee Switchgear Limited 
as fully paid up pursuant to the Scheme of arrangement approved by the Honorable High Court of Karnataka under sec 
391 -394 of the Companies Act, 1956 without payment being received in cash.   
c.    D  uring the financial year 2014-15 Company issued and allotted 1,595,890 (Fifteen lakh ninety five thousand eight 
hundred and ninety) Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (“CCPS”) of ₹ 100/-(Rupees one hundred), to Mr. 
Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar (Promoter) by way of private placement for a tenor not exceeding 18 months which will carry 
a preferential cumulative dividend of 0.1% (zero point one per cent) per annum, payable till the date of conversion into 
equity shares. 777,485 Preference shares were converted into 2,554,156 equity shares of face value of Rs.₹ 10/- each 
issued at  premium of ₹ 20.44 (Rupees twenty and forty four paise) as per the first tranche on February 11, 2016 and 
818,405 Preference shares were converted into 2,688,583 equity shares of face value of Rs. ₹ 10/- each issued at a 
premium of ₹ 20.44 (Rupees twenty and forty four paise) as per the second tranche on September 26, 2016.
2 Equity shares:        
a. The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of ₹ 10/- each. Each holder of equity shares is 
entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of the equity shares will be entitled 
to receive the remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. T he distribution will be in 
proportion to the equity shares held by the shareholder.     
128
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 130]]
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
b. Equity Shares of ₹ 10/- each includes: 
Particulars  As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
Number  ₹ in Lakhs Number  ₹ in Lakhs 
(i) Equity shares include Shares allotted pursuant to a contract 
without consideration being received in cash.  These shares 
were issued to shareholders of Kaytee Switchgear Limited and 
Kirloskar Power Equipment Limited as fully paid, pursuant to 
Scheme of arrangement approved by the Honorable High Court 
of Karnataka under sections 391 to 394 of the Compan ies Act, 
1956.
17,252,550  1,725.26 17,252,550  1,725.26 
(ii) Shares allotted during the year 2007-08 to the promoters group 
in terms of order dated September 29, 2007 of the Honorable 
High Court of Karnataka read with scheme of arrangement dated 
February 13, 2003 under sections 391 to 394 of The Companies 
Act, 1956.  
2,000,000  200.00 2,000,000  200.00 
(iii) Shares allotted during the year 2003 - 04 to IDBI on conversion 
of Preference Share Capital at face value as per the scheme of 
arrangement approved by Honorable High Court of Karnataka.
6,000,000  600.00 6,000,000  600.00 
(iv) Shares allotted during the year 2014-15 to Vijay R Kirloskar at a 
premium of ₹ 20.44 per share
2,658,200  265.82 2,658,200  265.82 
(v) Shares allotted during the year 2015-16 to Vijay R Kirloskar at a 
premium of ₹ 20.44 per share by conversion of CCPS.
2,554,156  255.42 2,554,156  255.42 
(vi) Shares allotted during the year 2016-17 to Vijay R Kirloskar at a 
premium of ₹ 20.44 per share by conversion of CCPS.
2,688,583  268.86 2,688,583  268.86 
c. Particulars of equity share holders holding more than 5% of the total number of equity share capital:
Particulars As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number Percentage Number Percentage 
(i) Abhiman Trading Company Private Limited  5,217,063 7.86%  5,217,063 7.86%
(ii) Vijayjyothi Investment & Agencies Private Limited  4,271,217 6.43%  4,271,217 6.43%
(iii) Mr. Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar  11,946,468 17.99%  11,891,468 17.91%
(iv) Vijay Farms Private Limited  3,540,807 5.33%  3,540,807 5.33%
d. Shareholding of promotors
SI 
No.
Shares held by promoters at the end of the year  % Change during 
the year Promoter name No. of Shares  % of total shares 
 1  Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar  11,946,468 17.99 0.08%
 2  Meena Kirloskar  184,514 0.28  -   
 3  Abhiman Trading Company Limited  5,217,063 7.86  -   
 4  Vijayjyothi Investments and Agencies Private Limited  4,271,217 6.43  -   
 5  Vijay Farms Private Limited  3,540,807 5.33  -   
 6  Vijaykirti Investments and Agencies Private Limited  3,064,094 4.61  -   
 7  Sri Vijayadurga Investments and Agencies Private Limited  1,774,506 2.67  -   
 8  Vimraj Enterprises Private Limited  1,606,483 2.42  -   
 9  Kirloskar Power Equipments Limited  1,146,315 1.72  -   
 10  Kirloskar Batteries Private Limited  186,500 0.28  -   
129
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 131]]
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
16  Other Equity
₹ in  Lakhs
Particulars Capital 
redemption 
reserve
Capital 
reserve on 
consolidation
Capital 
reserve
Securities 
premium
Retained 
earnings
Reconstruction 
reserves
Total (A) Other Comprehensive Income Total(B) Total 
Other 
equity
Items that will be 
reclassified 
 
to profit or loss
Items that 
will not be 
reclassified 
to profit or 
loss
Fair 
value of 
Investment
Revaluation 
of Land
Actuarial 
gains/ 
(losses) of 
employee 
benefits
Total comprehensive income as at March 31 2023  2,401.75  23.87  18.06  4,410.84  (39,612.63)  641.67 (32,116.44) 108.18 34,420.46 129.81 36,658.45 2,542.01
Add/(Less): Profit/ (loss) for the Year  -    -    -    -   1,407.87  -   1,407.87 11.92 -  -   11.92 1,419.79
Add/(Less): Ind AS adjustments  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   (62.93) (62.93) (62.93)
Less: Tax Adjustment on Ind AS items  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    (3.32) (2,319.65) 17.51 (2,305.46) (2,305.46)
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2024  2,401.75  23.87  18.06  4,410.84  (38,204.76)  641.67 (30,708.57) 116.78 32,100.81 84.39 32,301.98 1,593.41
Add/(Less): Profit/ (loss) for the Year  -    -    -    -   373.06  -   373.06 13.23 -  -   13.23 386.29
 Add/(Less): Ind AS adjustments  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   45.36
Less: Tax Adjustment on Ind AS items  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    (0.54) 2,821.97 (12.62) 2,808.81 2,808.81
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2025  2,401.75  23.87  18.06  4,410.84  (37,831.70)  641.67 (30,335.51) 129.47 34,922.78 117.13 35,169.38 4,833.87
45.3645.36
130
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 132]]
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
Non- Current Liabilities 
17 Other Financial Liabilities:
Security deposits from suppliers and dealers
Vehicle Loan
611.84 606.85
630.17 629.24
18 Provisions:
Provisions for employee defined benefit plans 2,693.84 2,650.12
2,693.84 2,650.12
19 Deferred tax Liabilities (Net):
i) Deferred tax liability:
a) On account of depreciation on fixed assets (other than land) 476.34 540.95
b) On account of revaluation of land 4,946.12 7,754.93
Total 5422.46 8,295.88
ii) Deferred tax asset:
a) On account of timing differences in recognition of expenditure 
(restricted to     Deferred tax liability)
476.34 540.95
Total 476.34 540.95
Net deferred tax liability/(asset) 4,946.12 7,754.93
Current Liabilities
20 Borrowings:
1) Secured loans:
a)  Loans repayable on demand
 - from banks 3,605.29 3,767.79
 - Other than banks - -
3,605.29 3,767.79
2) Unsecured loans:
Other than banks:
a)  Inter corporate deposits 8,005.23 8,870.00
b) Current maturities of fixed deposits - 10.00
8,005.23 8,880.00
Total 11,610.52 12,647.79
1) Details of security for secured loans:
a) Working capital loan (cash credit) from Lenders as specified in Master 
Restructuring Agreement (“MRA”) are secured against a first pari passu 
charge by way of hypothecation of all book debts, receivables, stocks, 
inventories, operating cash flows, commissions, revenues of whatsoever 
nature and whatever arising (present & future) including Trust and Retention 
Account, a first pari passu charge by way of mortgage on all of the Company’s 
immovable properties as set out in Schedule VI of MRA, a first pari passu 
charge by way of pledge of 24,886,143 fully paid equity shares of the 
Company held by the promoters as specified in MRA. These loans carry an 
interest rate of 16.5% (base rate of Bank of India plus 80 basis points) per 
annum and also guaranteed by the Executive Chairman  of the Company.
3,605.29 3,767.79
18.33 22.39
2) Details of security for unsecured loans:
a) Inter corporate deposits are taken for periods ranging between 90 to 360 days  with interest rates averaging upto 
12.80% per annum. 
b) Fixed deposits include ₹ nil as at March 31, 2025 (as at March 31, 2024 ₹ 10.00 lakhs) matured unclaimed  deposits.  
131
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 133]]
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024 
21 Trade payables:
1) Dues to micro, small and Medium enterprises 861.10 670.79
861.10 670.79
2) Dues to creditors other than micro, small and Medium enterprises
i)  Other trade payables 12,734.24 13,502.46
ii)  Acceptances 4,228.36 4,503.23
16,962.60 18,005.69
Additional Information:
The details of amounts outstanding to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises under Micro Small and M edium Enterprises 
Development Act, 2006 (MSMED Act), based on the available information with the Company are as under:
₹ In Lakhs
Sl 
No.
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
1 Principal amount due and remaining unpaid 861.10 670.79
2 Interest due on (1) above and the unpaid interest 88.04 79.51
3 Interest paid on all delayed payments under the MSMED Act  Nil  Nil 
4 Interest due and payable for the period of delay other than (3) above  Nil  Nil 
5 Interest accrued and remaining unpaid 0.32 8.53
6 The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding 
years, until such date when the interest dues above are actually paid to the small 
enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance of a deductible expenditure under 
section 23 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006.
88.36 88.04
Trade Payables ageing as at March 31, 2025: ₹ In Lakhs
SI.No. Particulars Dues to micro and small 
enterprises
Other trade payables
1 Not due 360.33 6,840.07
2  Less than 1 year 326.12 1,656.34
3  1-2 years 58.46 317.14
4  2-3 years 16.92 281.78
5  More than 3 years 99.27 3,638.90
Total 861.10 12,734.23
23 Provisions:
a)
Provision for wage arrears
134.98 163.46
b)
Provision for warranty
1,086.16 1,079.96
c)
Provision for contingencies 
421.76 444.46
1,749.71 3,086.19
24 Other current liabilities:
a) Statutory liabilities 337.97 618.78
b) Other liabilities * 5,800.26 6,502.38
c) Trade advances 2,401.76 2,580.37
8,539.99 9,701.53
22 Other financial liabilities:
a) Interest accrued 626.82 633.00
626.82 633.00
Provision for short term compensated absences
d) 106.81  1,398.31
132
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 134]]
25 Current tax liabilities (Net):
a) Provision for tax (net of advance tax outside India) 18.58 0.21
18.58 0.21
26 Revenue from operations:
i) Sale of products
Motors, alternators and generators 27,076.14 28,228.77
Transformers 22,469.20 23,058.94
DG sets 457.53 833.76
Others 3,650.53 2,993.66
Total 53,653.40 55,115.13
ii) Sale of services 728.99 619.95
Total revenue 54,382.39 55,735.08
27 Other income:
i) Interest income on Bank Deposits and Others 111.20 123.21
ii) Interest and guarantee commission income from financial assets 118.77 132.42
iii) Dividend income from  long term investments 0.63 0.51
iv) Profit on sale of fixed assets (net) - 2.91
v) Provision no longer required and Unclaimed credit balance written back 486.16 486.23
vi) Miscellaneous income 57.75 53.57
774.51 798.85
28 Cost of materials consumed:
a) Consumption of raw materials, components, stores and spare parts 37,861.19 38,804.09
37,861.19 38,804.09
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
* Other liabilities include ₹ 3.14 Lakhs (March 31, 2024: ₹ 5.48 Lakhs) payable towards Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) 
b) Consumption of major raw materials
Additional Information:
i) Copper (Wires, strips, rods, sheets, etc) 14,736.99 11,597.12
ii) Iron and steel (pigiron, rounds, plates, sheets , etc.,) 7,232.74 7,522.19
iii) Stores and spares 56.00 59.23
iv) Others 15,835.46 19,625.55
29 Changes in inventories of finished goods, work in progress and sto ck in 
trade:
Stocks at the end of the year:
i) Work in progress
Motors, alternators and generators 1,681.53 2,348.36
Transformers 655.66 791.10
DG Sets 240.80 201.86
Others 40.74 33.89
Total 2,618.73 3,375.21
133
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 135]]
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
ii) Finished goods
Motors, alternators and generators 361.96 259.28
Transformers 471.72 739.45
Others - 4.94
Total 833.68 285.14
iii) Scrap 4.88 16.75
A 3,457.29 3,677.10
Less:  Stocks at the beginning of the year:
i) Work in progress
Motors, alternators and generators 2,348.36 2,290.46
Transformers 791.10 458.67
DG sets 201.86 212.69
Others 33.89 68.17
Total 3,375.21 3,029.99
ii) Finished goods
Motors, alternators and generators 259.28 308.89
Transformers 20.92 739.46
DG sets  -   -
Others 4.94  1.98 
Total 285.14 1,050.33
iii) Scrap 16.75 14.21
B 3,677.10 4,094.53
Total (B-A) 219.81 417 417.43
30 Employee benefit expenses:
i) Salaries , wages and bonus 6,243.33 6,211.11
ii) Contribution to provident and other funds 628.66 758.49
iii) Staff welfare expenses 674.28 683.22
7,546.27 7,652.82
DG sets - -
31 Finance costs:
i) Interest expenses 1,967.58 2,167.78
ii) Other borrowing costs 464.89 397.49
2,432.47 2,565.27
32 Depreciation and amortization expenses
i) Depreciation of tangible assets 471.28 483.43
ii) Amortization of intangible assets 17.88 18.21
489.16 501.64
134
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 136]]
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
33 Other expenses:
i) Power and fuel 782.42 847.58
ii) Rent 178.65 154.50
iii) Repairs to buildings 23.82 78.59
iv) Repairs to machinery 136.92 144.37
v) Repairs to others 482.17 453.27
vi) Vehicle maintenance 33.97 31.21
vii) Insurance 21.92 32.96
viii) Rates and taxes 424.34 323.21
ix) Payment to auditors
- as auditor ( includes branch audit fees of 
₹0.83, previous year ₹0.96)
21.40 28.85
  - for taxation matters (includes ₹0.00, 
previous year ₹0.12 to branch auditor)
5.00  5.12
- for limited review 30.00 22.50
56.40 56.47
x) Selling expenses 790.17 547.01
xi) Commission 84.69 37.64
xii) Warranty claims 89.78 82.40
xiii) Allowance for credit loss 2,322.35 (61.47)
xiv)
Net (gain)/loss on foreign currency 
transaction and translation
2.58 7.87xv)
Bad trade receivables written off 465.70
Less: Allowance for doubtful trade receivable 
withdrawn 465.29
     -   
xvi)
Irrecoverable loans and advances written off -
Less: Allowance for doubtful loans and 
advances withdrawn -
0.69
xvii)
Legal and professional charges 700.68 726.92
xviii)
Travelling and conveyance 399.66 431.11
xix)
Printing and stationary 19.76 20.99
xx)
Postage, telegrams and telephones 43.50 44.10
xxi)
Directors sitting fees 40.50 38.00
395.09
395.09
0.69
-
-
-
xxii)
Provision for contingencies -
xxiii)
Security charges 355.31 341.06
xxiv)
Contract labour charges 970.98 984.74
xxv)
Miscellaneous expenses 94.65 76.85
7,204.74 5,184.81
18.73
Allowance for doubtful loans and advances 440.70 -
Loss on sale of fixed asset (net)  -   0.32
xxvi)
xxvii)
440.70
Less: Provision for contingencies withdrawan 1,310.23 215.26
(1,291.50) (215.26)
135
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 137]]
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
34 Earnings per share:
(Basic and diluted)
Profit for the year after tax expense 373.06 1,407.87
Weighted average number of equity shares 66,414,071  66,414,071 
Paid up value per share  10.00  10.00 
Earning per share (Basic) 0.56 2.12
35 Other notes to accounts:
1  Contingent liabilities and commitments:
(to the extent not provided for)
a) Contingent liabilities:
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars As at  
March 31,2025
As at  
March 31,2024
i) Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts 308.36 288.71
ii) Guarantees 1,144.76 964.27
iii) Sales tax demanded under appeal. The Company has paid an aggregate amount 
of ₹118.03  lakhs as at March 31, 2024 against the demand which has been 
included in disputed statutory dues.
 507.91 507.91
iv) The Company has filed before the Honorable Supreme Court, special leave 
petition in respect of resale tax and sales tax penalty of ₹ 527 lakhs  (since merged 
with the Company) and confirmed by the Honorable High Court of Karnataka. 
The Company has paid an aggregate amount of ₹ 298.17 lakhs as at March 31, 
2024 against the demand which has been included in disputed statutory dues as 
reported in Note 10 to Financial Statements.
 527.07  527.07 
vi) Disputed Income tax demand -  3,196.18
vii) Certain industrial disputes are pending before various judicial authorities – not 
acknowledged by the Company. Liability has been considered against those 
cases for which  is ascertainable, some cases are pending for it is not possible to 
ascertain liability.
 unascertained  unascertained 
v) GST Demand for the transitional input tax credit, the Company is in process of 
filing for rectification or to be contest in Tribunal/ High Court.
1,417.12
Earning per share ( Diluted) 0.56 2.12
1,417.12
viii) The Company had furnished a guarantee for the redemption of preference shares 
issued by Kirloskar Investment and Finance Ltd to an extent of ₹ 200 lakhs as 
at March 31, 2024 (as at March 31, 2023 ₹200 lakhs) and had obtained counter 
guarantee from the said Company.  The preference shareholder has claimed a 
sum of ₹ 200 lakhs along with dividends in arrears of ₹205.60 lakhs and interest 
from the Company.  This claim has been upheld by the Debt Recovery Tribunal 
(DRT). The Company has preferred an appeal before the Debt Recovery Appellate 
Tribunal (DRAT) to set aside the orders passed by the DRT. The Company has 
deposited during the earlier year ₹ 102.80 lakhs with DRAT as directed by the 
Supreme Court of India and the matter stands re-posted for hearing. The Company 
does not acknowledge this liability.
 405.60  405.60 
In respect of items above, future cash outflows in respect of contingent liabilities is determinable only on receipt of 
judgements pending at various forums / settlement of matter. The management believes, based on internal assessment 
and / or legal advice, that the probability of an ultimate adverse decision and outflow of resources of the Company is not 
probable. However as a matter of abundant caution the Company has recognized a provision for contingencies, to take 
care of any liabilities that may devolve, and included in Note 35(11).
136
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 138]]
b) Commitments
Particulars As at  
March 31,2025
As at  
March 31,2024
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and 
not provided for (net of advances)
128.56 85.76
2 Additional Information:
a) Value of Imports calculated on CIF basis:
Raw materials, components and spare parts 32.02 7.26
b) Expenditure in foreign currency: (net of withholding tax)
i)  Professional, consultancy and other fees - -
ii)  Travel 72.89 89.04
iii)  Other expenses 130.50 9.90
 
c) Sl 
No.
Particulars Amount % to total Amount % to total
i) Value of imported raw materials, spare parts and 
components consumed
31.12 0.08% 22.16 0.06%
ii) Value of indigenous raw materials, spare parts and 
components consumed
37,830.07 99.92% 38,781.93 99.94%
Total 37,861.19 100.00% 38,804.09 100.00%
d) Details of non-resident shareholdings
i)  Number of non resident share holders 875 807
ii)  Number of shares held by non resident shareholders 744,390 779,390
e) Earnings in foreign exchange:
(i) Export of goods calculated on FOB basis (net) 2,723.45 1,339.72
(ii)  Remittances from overseas offices (net) 2,056.78 1,046.53
3 Confirmation of balances from customers, suppliers and service providers with whom the Company had transactions are 
awaited in certain cases.  Accounts with certain parties are under review and reconciliation.  Adjustments will be made on 
completion of review/reconciliation. In the assessment of the management, effect on revenue if any, is not expected to be 
material.    
4 Certain mistakes noticed in the inventory records have been corrected to the extent identified based on physical inventory 
taken from time to time. No material discrepancies were noticed.
5 Current assets, loans and advances include ₹ 108.49 Lakhs (as at March 31, 2024 ₹ 102.56 Lakhs) being rescheduled 
advances from certain companies in which certain key managerial personnel are interested.  The Company is confident 
that these companies will fulfill their obligations and has considered these amounts as good of recovery. 
6 During a previous year, the shareholders of the Company at the Annual General Meeting held on September 30, 2013 have 
approved an Employee Stock Option Scheme.  However, the Company has not issued any options as at March 31, 2025
and accordingly, recognition of expense in this respect and requisite disclosures are not applicable.
7 DISCLOSURES AS PER IND AS 19 "EMPLOYEE BENEFITS":
(a)  Defined Contribution Plan:
 Contribution to defined contribution plan are recognized as expense for the year are as under:
₹ in Lakhs
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Employer’s contribution to provident & pension funds 305.01 318.69
Employer’s contribution to superannuation fund 43.24 107.05
137
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 139]]
(b) Defined Benefit Plan:
 The  employees’ gratuity fund scheme managed by a trust and leave encashment is a defined benefit plan. The 
Present value of obligation is determined based on actuarial valuation using the projected unit credit method.
Reconciliation of opening and closing balances of defined 
benefit obligation: 
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
 Gratuity  Leave  
(Funded) 
 Gratuity  Leave  
(Funded) 
Defined benefit obligation at beginning of the year 2,709.03 474.98 2,609.66 484.38
Current service cost (*) 103.48 34.98 102.75 37.60
Interest cost 181.28 34.34 191.91 36.18
Actuarial (gain)/ loss (45.36) 7.19 62.92 35.36
Benefits paid from funds  (193.37)  -    (258.21) -
Benefits paid  directly by employer  -    (81.10) -  (118.54)
Defined Benefit obligation at end of the year 2,755.06 470.39 2,709.03 474.98
Reconciliation of opening and closing balance of fair value of plan 
assets:
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of the year 58.91 311.52 48.59 289.34
Interest income 0.00 22.52 0.61 21.61
Employer contribution 191.52  -   264.63  -   
Benefits paid from funds  (193.37)  -    (258.21)  -   
Actuarial gain/(loss) 4.16 1.37 3.29 0.57
Fair value of plan assets at year end 61.22 335.41 58.91 311.52
Reconciliation of fair value of assets and obligations:
Fair value of plan assets 61.22 335.41 58.91 311.52
Present value of obligation 2,755.06 470.39 2,709.03 474.98
Amount recognized in Balance Sheet under liabilities: 2,693.84 134.98 2,650.12 163.46
Expense recognized during the year: (under “note 30” “Employee 
benefit expenses” in the Statement of Profit and Loss)
 Current year  Previous year 
In Income Statement:
Current service cost 103.48 34.98 102.75 37.60
Interest cost 181.28 34.34 191.91 36.18
Actual return on plan assets -  (22.52)  (0.61)  (21.61)
In Other Comprehensive Income:
Actuarial (gain)/ loss (49.52) 5.82 59.63 34.79
Net cost 235.24 52.62 353.68 86.96
Reconciliation of opening and closing balances of defined 
benefit obligation:
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
 Gratuity 
(Funded) 
 Leave  
(Funded) 
 Gratuity 
(Funded) 
 Leave  
(Funded) 
Actuarial assumptions:  As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
Mortality table  Indian 
Assured Lives 
Mortality
2012-14
(Urban) 
Discount rate (per annum) 6.78% 6.78% 7.23% 7.23%
Expected rate of return on plan assets (per annum) 6.78% 6.78% 7.23% 7.23%
Rate of escalation in salary (per annum) 7.00% 7.00% 7.00% 7.00%
(*) Leave provision for current year includes provision for short term compensated absence as assessed by the actuary.
 Indian 
Assured Lives 
Mortality
2012-14
(Urban) 
 Indian 
Assured Lives 
Mortality
2012-14
(Urban) 
 Indian 
Assured Lives 
Mortality
2012-14
(Urban) 
138
(Funded) (Funded) 
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 140]]
The estimates of rate of escalation in salary considered in actuarial valuation, take into account inflation, seniority, promotion and 
other relevant factors including supply and demand in the employment market.           
  Pr  esent value of DBO, Fair Value of Plan Assets, Deficit/(Surplus), Experience Adjustments for current and earlier 
periods of Gratuity (Funded):
2024-25 2023-24 2022-23 2021-22 2020-21
Defined benefit obligation at the end of the period  (2,755.06)  (2,709.03)  (2,609.65)  (2,541.31)  (2,407.85)
Plan assets at end of the period 61.22 58.91 48.59 70.93 116.08
Funded amount  (2,693.84)  (2,650.12)  (2,561.06)  (2,470.38)  (2,291.77)
Experience Gain/ (loss) adjustments on plan liablities 101.27  (31.86)  (11.76) (26.64) 86.69
Experience Gain/ (loss) adjustments on plan assets 4.16 3.29  (2.53)  (4.45)  (3.20)
Actuarial gain/ (loss) due to change in assumptions (55.91) (31.06) 44.13 42.17 2.86
(c) Sensitivity Analysis:     
 Significant Actuarial Assumptions for the determination of the defined benefit obligation are discount rate, expected salary 
increase and employee turnover. The sensitivity analysis below, has been determined based on possible effect of changes of 
an assumption occurring at end of the reporting period , while holding all other assumptions constant.  
₹ In Lakhs
Particulars March 31,2025 March 31,2024
Decrease Increase Decrease Increase
Change in discounting rate (delta effect of +/- 0.5%) 134.87  (120.61) 67.39  (63.83)
Change in rate of salary increase (delta effect of +/- 0.5%)  (121.45) 133.25  (64.26) 67.22
Change in rate of plan assets (delta effect of +/- 0.5%) 2.35 (2.18)  (0.65) 0.61
These plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest risk, longevity risk and salary risk.
Investment risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount rate which is determined by 
reference to market yields at the end of the reporting period on government bonds.
Interest risk: A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability; however, this will be partially offset by an increase 
in the return on the plan assets.
Longevity risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the mortality 
of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan participants will increase 
the plan’s liability.
Salary risk: The present value of the defined plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan participants. As 
such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
8 SEGMENT REPORTING:
 The Company has identified the reportable segments as Power generation and distribution, Rotating machine group and 
others taking into account the nature of products and services, the different risks and returns and the internal reporting 
systems. The accounting policies for segment reporting are in line with the accounting policies followed by the Company.
₹ In Lakhs
Sl 
No.
Particulars  Primary Segment 
TotalPower 
generation 
and 
distribution
Rotating 
machines 
group
Others
1 Segment Revenues
External Revenues 23,066.18 27,079.96 4,236.25 54,382.39
24,064.15 28,232.06 3,438.87 55,735.08
Intersegment revenues 1,742.17 852.22 13.36 2,607.75
265.71 1,087.24 12.44 1,365.39
Total Revenues 24,808.35 27,932.18 4,249.61 56,990.14
24,329.86 29,319.30 3451.31 57,100.47
139
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 141]]
2 Segment Results: 
Profit/ (loss) before depreciation, interest and 
taxation 
2,522.73 2,357.80 1,553.20 6,433.73
3,060.97 2,705.86 1,501.67 7,268.50
Less: Interest 2,432.47
2,565.27
Less: Depreciation and amortizations 489.16
501.64
3 Unallocable Expenditure 3,888.33
3,592.57
4 Unallocable and Other Income (including 
Extraordinary items)
774.51
798.85
5 Less: Tax expense 25.22
0.00
Total Profit 373.06
1,407.87
6 Segment Assets 8,841.28 38,220.25 8,620.68 55,682.21
9,897.78 38,254.63 9,184.87 57,337.28
7 Unallocable Assets 4,432.52
6,677.03
₹ In Lakhs
Sl 
No.
Particulars  Primary Segment 
TotalPower 
generation 
and 
distribution
Rotating 
machines 
group
Others
8 Segment Liabilities 11,320.57 13,640.68 661.32 25,622.57
11,539.32 14,591.01 811.23 26,941.56
9 Unallocable Liabilities 23,016.88
28,837.93
10 Capital Expenditure (2,479.29) 24,579.57 7,959.36 30,059.64
 (1,641.55) 23,663.62 8,373.64 30,395.71
1 1 Unallocated capital expenditure  (18,584.36)
 (22,160.89)
Revenue from customers
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
India
Outside India
Total revenue
51,420.46 54,351.26
2,961.93 1,383.82
54,382.39 55,735.08
Total assets 
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
India
Outside India
Total assets 
59,486.16 63,142.72
628.57 871.59
60,114.73 64,014.31
140
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 142]]
9 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:
 (a) Name of related parties and description of relationship where controls exists:   
Sl. 
No.
Name of the Related Party  Relationship 
1 Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar Key Management Personnel ("KMP")
Mrs. Meena Kirloskar
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar S 
Mr. Mahabaleshwar Bhat 
Mr. Anand Balaramacharya Hunnur
2
Transport Corporation of India (up to September 20, 2024)
Associates 3
Applied Engineering Services (India) LLP Enterprises which are related parties as per section 2(76) 
of the Companies Act, 2013. ("Others-A") Kue Management Services LLP
4
Kirloskar Batteries Private Limited Enterprises over which key management personnel and/
or their relatives are able to exercise significant influence 
("Others-B") 
Kirloskar Power Equipments Limited
Ravindu Motors Private Limited
Vijay Farms Private Limited
Kirsons Trading PTE LTD. 
Sri Vijaydurga Investments and Agencies Private Limited
Vijayjyothi Investment and Agencies Private Limited
Abhiman Trading Company Private Limited
Vimraj enterprises LLP (formerly known as Vimraj enterprises private limited)
Shaaz Jung Films LLP
K N Guruswamy Properties LLP
The Printers (Mysore) Private Limited
K N Guruswamy and Company Private Limited
Anuradha Shanth Kumar Holdings Private Limited
Wan - IFRA South Asia Private Limited
E.P. Labs Private Limited
Bison Wilderness Resorts Private Limited
Africa Expeditions and Safari Private Limited
5
Relative of KMP (''KMPR")
Total liabilities
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
India
Outside India
Total liabilities
48,552.57 55,609.21
86.88 170.28
48,639.45 55,779.49
Ms. Rukmini Kirloskar
Vijay Kirthi Investment and Agencies Private Limited 
Ravindu Automobiles Private Limited
(b) Transactions with the related parties
₹ in Lakhs
Particulars  Relationship March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Purchase of goods and services:
Vijay Farms Private Limited  Others-B 50.39 47.35
Sri Vijayadurga Investments and Agencies Private Limited 229.03 210.39
Abhiman Trading Company Private Limited 91.50 89.66
Kirsons Trading PTE LTD. 29.82 4.33
Transport Corporation of India (upto September 20, 2024)  Others-A 24.18 46.69
Ravindu Motors Private Limited 2.74 78.70
Kirloskar (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd
141
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 143]]
Remuneration paid:
Vijay R Kirloskar*  
KMP
 Short term employee benefits 532.40 407.50
Sanjeev Kumar S*
 Short term employee benefits 64.49 54.57
Mahabaleshwar Bhat*
 Short term employee benefits 35.84
Anand Hunnur*
 Short term employee benefits 197.91
Meena Kirloskar
      Sitting Fee 6.50 5.00
Post employment benefit Amount not ascertained since accrued gratuity and compensated absence liability has been recognized 
for the Company as a whole.      
 Key managerial personnel are provided free use of company car and communication facilities. These are in addition to remuneration 
furnished above.      
30.73
146.05
(c) Outstanding balances at the end of the year:
₹ in Lakhs  
Particulars  Relationship March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Amount due to Company:
Kirloskar Power Equipments Limited
 Others A & B 
 0.35  0.35
Vijay Farms Private Limited 108.14 102.21
Vijayjyothi Investments and Agencies Private Limited (Rental Deposit) 100.00  100.00 
Kirsons Trading PTE LTD. -
Amount due from Company:
Kirloskar (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd  Associate -
Transport Corporation of India (up to September 20, 2024)  Others-A -
Kirloskar Batteries Private Limited
 Others-B 
15.00  14.81 
Sri Vijayadurga Investments and Agencies Private Limited 37.77
Vijayjyothi Investments and Agencies Private Limited 20.57 109.29
Abhiman Trading Company Private Limited 21.07 31.86
Guarantees given for the loans taken by the Company and outstanding 
at the end of the year by:
Vijay R Kirloskar  KMP 3,605.29 3,767.79
Kirloskar (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd
Ravindu Motors Private Limited
 Associate - 14.13
5.28
1.29 15.02
30.48
KMPR
22.00
₹ in Lakhs
Particulars  Relationship March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Rent paid
Vijayjyothi Investments and Agencies Private Limited  Others-B 120.00 99.00
Rukmini Kirloskar
Sitting Fee KMPR 2.50 -
Kirsons Trading PTE LTD. 
1.05
3.91 -
KEC North America Inc has been dissolved. The investments in and dues from the said company have not been written off, pending 
receipt of approvals from Reserve Bank of India.  However, full provision has been made for the same.  Since the said company 
has been dissolved, the same has not been considered for related party disclosures. 
Provision for investment of ₹ 6,064.00 Lakhs had been  made during year ended March 31, 2021.
Sale of goods and services:
Kirloskar (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd  Associates 197.37 81.19
Kirsons Trading PTE LTD.  Others-B 220.73 200.68
Ravindu Motors Private Limited 16.08 -
142
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 144]]
    
10 OPERATING LEASE (Ind AS 17): 
 The Company has various operating leases for office facilities, guesthouse and residential premises of employees that are 
renewable on a periodic basis, and cancellable at its option.  Rental expenses for operating leases included in the financial 
statements for the year are     
11  T  he Company has made provisions towards wage arrears, warranty claims from the customers towards sales, short term 
compensated absences and contingencies. Details of the same are as under:     
₹ in Lakhs
Sl. 
No.
Particluars  Provision for 
Contingencies 
 Wage 
Arrears 
 Short Term 
Compensated 
Absences 
  Warranty 
Claims 
1 Balance outstanding as at: 01-Apr-24  1,398.31 1,079.96 444.46
01-Apr-23 1,613.57 1,411.27 419.65
2 Provision for the year (net) 31-Mar-25 6.20 (22.70)
31-Mar-24 (215.26) (331.31) 24.81
3 Balance outstanding as at: 31-Mar-25 106.81 1,086.16 421.76
31-Mar-24  1,398.31 1,079.96 444.46
 Foot Note:
 Provision in respect of wage settlement has been made on estimated basis and differences if any will be accounted on final 
settlement. Further as a matter of abundant caution an estimated provision has been made for contingencies as held in 
respect of ongoing litigations as detailed in note 23 and certain probable liability including in respect of customers.
12 Financial risk management objectives and policies:
 The  entity’s principal financial liabilities comprise borrowings, trade and other payables. The m ain purpose of these financial 
liabilities is to finance the entity’s operations to support its operations. The entity’s principal financial assets include trade and 
other receivables, rental and bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents that are derived directly from its operations.
(1,291.50)
358.50
195.04
60.06
(163.46)
298.44
358.50
The entity is exposed to market risk/credit and liquidity risks. The entity’s senior management oversee the management of 
these risks. The board reviews their activities. No significant derivative activities have been undertaken so far.
Market Risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument w ill fluctuate because of changes in 
market prices. Market risk comprises three types of risks: interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk, such as equity 
price risk and commodity risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include deposits, FVTOC I investments and 
derivative financial instruments.
The sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the positions as at March 31, 2025 and  March 31, 2024
The analysis exclude the impact of movements in market variables on: the carrying values of gratuity and other post-retirement 
obligations; provisions; and the non-financial assets and liabilities of foreign operations.
The following assumption has been made in calculating sensitivity analysis.
The sensitivity of the relevant profit or loss item is the effect of the assumed changes in respective market risks. This is based on 
the financial assets and financial liabilities held at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 including the effect of hedge accounting.
₹ 200.60 Lakhs (Previous Year ₹  173.74 Lakhs). 
 i)  Foreign currency risk
 Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will f luctuate because of changes 
in foreign exchange rates. The company’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to 
the some of the vendor payments and customer receivables.
 The foreign currency exposures that have not been hedged by any derivative instrument or otherwise as on March 31, 
2023 are as under:
143
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 145]]
Particulars  As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
 FCY  ₹ in Lakhs  FCY  ₹ in Lakhs 
Assets (Receivables) USD 505,385 549.06 USD 344,336 401.48EUR 166,734 EUR 127,344
Liabilities (Payables) USD 330,901
1,782.59
USD 381,030
 2,019.83EUR 56,793 EUR 241,837
SGD 2,268,402 SGD 2,268,402
AED 11,002 AED 362,450
 Foreign currency sensitivity:
 Every 1% strengthening in the exchange rate between the Indian rupee and the respective currencies for the above mentioned 
financial assets/liabilities for the years ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 would decrease the Company’s loss and 
increase the Company’s equity by approximately ₹12.34 Lakhs and ₹16.18 Lakhs respectively. A 1% weakening of 
the Indian rupee and the respective currencies would lead to an equal but opposite effect. In management’s opinion, the 
sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk because the exposure at the end of the reporting 
period does not reflect the exposure during the year.
13 Fair Value Measurement ( Ind AS 113):
 The  Financial Instruments of the Company are initially recorded at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost 
based on the nature and timing of the cash flows.     
 The below table summarises particulars of Financial Instruments used:     
Particulars Note March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Financial Assets at amortized cost:
Investments 7 203.41 190.18
Trade receivables 8 & 12 6,058.92 8,941.87
Other financial assets 9 57.79 238.95
Cash & cash equivalents 13 (a) 1,682.75 1,674.80
Other bank balances 13 (b) 1,231.60 1,248.59
Total financial assets 9,234.47 12,294.39
 The Company has not classified any Financial Asset or Liabilities as measured at Fair value through Profit and Loss (FVTPL) 
or measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI).
 Fair value of shares held by the Company in ICICI Bank Limited as at the three reporting dates have been computed based 
on its value traded in an active market and constitutes Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy as set out in Ind AS 113. Shares 
held by the Company in other entities which are unlisted and not traded in an active market have been valued based on their 
net asset value per share as per their latest available audited financial statements with the company. The increase/(decrease) 
is recognized in other comprehensive income as at March 31,2025  and March 31,2024 on this count is estimated at ₹ 13.23
Lakhs and ₹ 11.92 Lakhs respectively.
 The Fair Value of the above financial assets and liabilities are measured at amortized cost which is considered to be 
approximate to their fair values.
Financial liabilities at amortized cost:
Borrowings 20 11,610.52 12,647.79
Other financial liabilities 17 630.17 629.24
Trade payables 21 (1) 
& (2)
17,823.70 18,676.48
Total financial liabilities 30,064.39 31,953.51
14 As reported in earlier years Lloyd Dynamowerke GmbH & Co. KG, Germany (LDW), a step down subsi diary of the Company, 
incurred substantial losses , thereby eroding its net worth and consequent to the actions of local directors of LDW, insolvency 
administrator was appointed by the court in Germany during the preceding year. The Company has been given to understand 
that a South Korean company acquired all significant assets, patents, estates, orders and employees of LDW. During the year, 
Company entered into Settlement Agreement with Insolvency Administrator of Lloyd Dynamowerke GmbH & Co. KG, Germany 
(LDW) for the settlement of all outstanding issues. EUR 125,000 was the settlement amount which KE C has agreed to pay 
through this settlement agreement and accordingly Company had disbursed the entire agreed amount and obtained No Due 
Confirmation from Insolvency Administrator.
144
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 146]]
15 Wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company have accumulated losses and part/ whole of their net worth have been eroded. 
However having regard to the estimated fair value of the assets which these Companies hold, the diminution in value has 
been considered as temporary and consequently no provision is required to be recognised in the financial statements.
16 The net worth (after excluding revaluation reserve) of the group in terms of the consolidated financial statement as at March 
31, 2025 consisting of the Company, its subsidiaries and its associate is eroded. The company has repaid all term loans 
including Asset Restructuring Company Limited (ARCIL) which were restructured under JLF mechanism. Also ,the company 
is in advance stage of negotiation for monetization/disposal of assets which will improve the working capital and in turn 
improve the performance in the forthcoming periods. The company is confident that this funding will have a positive impact 
on the performance and net worth. Accordingly your directors have prepared these financial statement of the company on the 
basis that it is a going concern and that no adjustments are considered necessary to the carrying value of assets and liabilities.
17 The Company has filed before the Honorable Supreme Court, special leave petition in respect of resale tax and sales tax 
penalty of ₹ 527 lakhs (since merged with the Company) and confirmed by the Honorable High Court of Karnataka. The 
Company has paid an aggregate amount of ₹ 298.17 lakhs as at March 31, 2025 against the demand which has been included 
in disputed statutory liabilities / taxes paid as reported in Note -10 to Financial Statements.
18 During the year ended March 31, 2024, Company has closed its branch situated at Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Effective date 
of closure is September 30, 2023. Closure of branch has no impact on the operations of the Company.
19 Company has discontinued the component machining activity at unit - 15 situated at Bhudihal, Bangalore Rural District with 
effect from January 22, 2024. Discontinuation has no impact on the operations of the Company. All workers have been relieved 
from duty and all their compensation dues have been paid.
20 Ratios:
Sl No Ratios March 31,2025  March 31,2024  Variance
1 Current ratio  0.35 0.39 (11.09)
Current Assets 14,122 17,604
Current Liabilities 40,369 44,745
2 Debt-Equity ratio 1.01 1.54 (34.12)
Debt (Current and non current portion of long term borrowings + 
Short term borrowings)
11,611 12,648
Equity 11,475 8,235
3 Debt service coverage ratio - (a) 1.36 1.74 (21.76)
Earnings before interest, Depreciation and Tax (EBITDA) 3,320 4,475
Interest Expense on long term and short term borrowings for the 
period
2,432 2,565
4 Return on equity ratio - (b) 0.56 2.12  (73.50)
Net profits after taxes 373 1,408
Average Shareholder’s equity  664  664 
Schedule principal repayment of long term borrowings during 
the period
- -
5 Inventory turnover ratio 8.13 7.82 4.09
Cost of goods sold 38,081 39,222
Average inventory 4,681 5,019
6 Trade receivables turnover ratio 7.25 7.57 (4.19)
Revenue from operations 54,382 55,735
Average accounts receivables 7,500 7,365
7 Trade payables turnover ratio  2.09 2.24 (6.68)
Cost of goods sold 38,081 39,222
Average accounts payables 18,250 17,541
145
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 147]]
8 Net capital turnover ratio - (c)  (2.07)  (2.05) 0.89
Net sales = Total sales - sales return 54,382 55,735
Working capital = current assets – current liabilities (26,248)  (27,141)
9 Net profit ratio - (d) 0.01 0.03  (72.84)
Net Profit 373 1,408
Net sales = Total sales - sales return 54,382 55,735
10 Return on capital employed - (e) 0.10  (0.14)  (27.26)
Earnings before interest and taxes 2,831 3,973
Capital employed = tangible net worth + total debt + deferred tax 28,011 28,598
a)  Debt-Equity ratio: Reduction in borrowings this year decreased the debt-equity ratio, increasing profits.
b)  Return on equity ratio declined as the provision for allowance on credit losses reduced profit.
c)  Net Profit ratio decreased due to the provision for allowance on credit losses reduces net profit by increasing expenses .
d)  Return on capital employed is decreased due to  the provision for allowance on credit losses reducing EBIT.
21 Previous year’s figures have been regrouped wherever required in conformity with current year presentation.
Sl No Ratios March 31,2025  March 31,2024  Variance
 
22 Additional information, as required under Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013, of enterprises consolidated as subsidiary 
or associates:
Name of the Enterprise Net Assets i.e. total assets 
minus total liabilities
Share in profit or loss
As % of 
consolidated 
net assets
Amount              
(₹ in Lakhs)
As % of 
consolidated 
profit or loss
Amount             
(₹ in Lakhs)
Parent
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (1.98) 22,754.98 (7.67) 3,053.33
Subsidiaries
Indian
1 Kelbuzz Trading Private Limited 0.47  (5,445.00) 5.49  (2,188.10)
2 SLPKG Estates Holdings Private Limited 0.36  (4,086.96) 0.31  (123.38)
3 Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited 0.02  (235.37) 0.00  (1.19)
4 SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited 0.14  (1,635.48) (0.00) 0.65
Foreign
Kirsons B.V. (0.01)  123.11 0.86 (343.03)
Minority Interest in all subsidiaries - -
Associates (Investments as per the equity 
method)
Kirloskar (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. 0.00%  -   0.00%  -   
Other Statutory Information:23 
(I) There are no proceedings initiated or are pending against the Company for holding any benami property under the prohibition of 
Benami Property Transaction Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
(ii) The Company does not have any transactions with companies struck off.
(iii) The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period.
(iv) The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
146
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 148]]
(v) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
 (a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner w hatsoever by or on behalf of the 
company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
 (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(vi) The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the 
understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
 (a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner w hatsoever by or on behalf of the  
Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or 
 (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries,
(vii) The Company does not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any 
other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961)
(viii) Previous year's figures have been regrouped/ rearranged wherever necessary to conform to the current year grouping.
(ix) The Company has used accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit 
log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software, creating an edit 
log of each change made in the books of account along with the date when such changes were made and ensuring that the audit 
trail cannot be disabled and no instance of audit trail feature being tampered with was noted in respect of accounting software(s) 
where the audit trail has been enabled. Further, the audit trail been preserved by the company as per the statutory requirements 
for record retention. 
To be read with our report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
For K N Prabhashankar & Co. Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Regn. No: 004982S
A. Umesh Patwardhan
Partner
Membership  No:222945
Place: Bengaluru
Date:  May 28, 2025
Vijay Ravindra Kirloskar Anand B Hunnur
Executive Chairman Managing Director
DIN:00031253 DIN:06650798
Sanjeev Kumar S
Director Finance & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN:08673340
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
General Manager & 
Company Secretary
Membership No:A21919
147
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LIMITED
[[PAGE 149]]
Report on the IND AS Financial Statements:
Opinion:
We have audited the accompanying standalone IND AS financial statements of M/s. Kelbuzz Trading Private Limited (“the 
Company”), which comprises of the Balance Sheet as at 31 March, 2025 and the Statement of Profit and loss, the Cash Flow 
Statement, the statement for Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other 
explanatory information annexed thereto. 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone Ind AS 
financial statements give the information required by the Act, in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity 
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India including the Ind AS, of the state of affairs of the company as at 31st March 
2025, and its loss and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.  
Basis for Opinion:
We conducted our audit of the IND AS financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified u/s 143(10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the Audit 
or the Financial Statements section of our report. We are Independent of the company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are r elevant to our audit of the 
standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our 
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and ICAI’s Code of Ethics.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained have sufficient and appropriate to provide basis for our audit opinion on 
Standalone IND AS financial statements.
Key Audit Matters:
Key audit matters are those matters that in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of standalone financial 
statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the Standalone 
Financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For 
each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF M/s. Kelbuzz Trading Private Limited 
Information other than the standalone financial statements and the auditors report thereon:
The company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of other information. The other information comprises the 
information included in the management discussion and analysis, Board’s Report, Business responsibility report, Corporate 
Governance and Shareholders Information, but does not include the standalone IND AS financial statements and our Auditors report 
thereon.
Our opinion on the standalone IND AS financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone IND AS financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone IND AS financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and in 
doing so, whether, the other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone IND AS financial statements or our knowledge 
obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.  
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is no material mis-statement of this other information, we required 
to report the fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Management’s Responsibility for the Ind AS Financial Statements:
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) with 
respect to the preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial 
performance and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS)  specified under section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding the assets of the company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of 
appropriate accounting policies, making judgements, and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
We have determined that there are no Key Audit Matters to communicate in our report.
148
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 150]]
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the 
Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material mis-statement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless 
management either intends to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibility:
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a 
high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted is in accordance with SAs will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material  if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone 
IND AS financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the 
audit. We also:
1. Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone IND AS financial statem ents, whether due to fraud or 
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omission, mis-representation, or the override or  internal 
control.
2. Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on 
whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
3. Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the management.
4. Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone IND AS financial statements or, if such disclosures 
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained upto the date of our auditor’s 
report. However future events or conditions may cause the company to cease to continue as a going concern.
5. Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone IND AS financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the standalone IND AS financial statements represent the underlying transactions and event in a 
manner that achieves fair presentation.
6. Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the Company and its operations to express an 
opinion on the standalone financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit 
of the financial statements of such entities included in the standalone financial statements of which we are the independent 
auditors. For the other entities included in the standalone financial statements, which have been audited by the other auditors, 
such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audits carried out by them. We 
remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it 
probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the standalone financial statements may be 
influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating 
the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the standalone financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit 
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonable be thought to bear 
on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in 
the audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these 
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare 
149
KELBUZZ TRADING PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 151]]
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing 
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements:
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020, (“The Order”) issued by the Government of India, in terms of sub 
section (11) of section 143 of the Act. And on the basis of such checks of the books and records of the company as we 
considered appropriate and according to the information and explanations given to us, we give in the “Annexure 1”, a statement 
on the matters specified in the paragraphs 3 & 4 of the said order.
2. As required under Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
 a) we have sought and obtained all the information and explanations, which to the best of our knowledge and belief  were  
necessary for the purpose of our audit;
 b) in our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as appears from our 
examination of those books ;
 c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss, the Cash Flow Statement and the Stat ement of Changes in Equity 
dealt with by this report are in agreement with the books of accounts;
 d) in our opinion, the aforesaid standalone Ind AS financial statements comply with the accounting standards specified under 
section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014;
 e) on the basis of written representations received from the directors, taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of the 
directors is disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act as on 31st March 2025; and
 f) with respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in “Annexure 2”; and
 g) with respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with t he requirements of Section 
197(16) of the Act, as amended, we do not offer any comment on the remuneration paid by the company to its Directors as 
during the aforementioned period, no remuneration has been paid by the company to its Directors;
 h) with respect to the other matters to be included in the auditor’s report in accordance with the Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit 
and Auditors) Rules, 2014 in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanation given to us:
  i. The Company does not have pending litigations, which would impact its Ind AS financial statements. 
  ii. The company did not have any long term contracts and has not entered into any derivative contacts. Accordingly no 
provision is required to be recognized in the respect of material foreseeable losses under applicable laws or accounting 
standards.
  iii. There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Pr otection Fund by the 
Company. 
 iv. (a) The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds(which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign 
entity (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by 
or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries; 
   (b) The Management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person or entity, including foreign 
entity (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
    (c) Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of 
Rule 11(e), as provided under (i) and (ii) above, contain any material misstatement.
 v. The company had not proposed any divided during the previous year, no interim dividend was proposed or declared 
during the year and the Board of Directors have not proposed any dividend for the year which is required to be approved 
in the Annual General Meeting. In the light of these circumstances, we have not offered any comment upon the 
150
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 152]]
compliance under Section 123 of the Act.
 vi. Based on our examination, which included test checks, the Company has used accounting softwares for maintaining its 
books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility 
and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the softwares. Further, during 
the course of our audit we did not not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered with and the 
audit trail has been preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirements for record retention.
       Annexure -1 to the Auditors' Report
Annexure referred to in paragraph 1 under the heading “Report on other legal and regulatory requirements” of our Report to the 
members of Kelbuzz Trading Private Limited, Bangalore.
1. The company does not have any fixed assets during the period covered under audit, hence the clause 3(i) of the Order is not 
applicable.
2. a)  The inventories have been physically verified during the year by the management. In our opinion, the frequency of  
   verification is reasonable.
 b)  In our opinion and to the information and explanation given to us, the procedures of physical verification of inventories 
followed by the management are reasonable and adequate in relation to the size of the company and the nature of its 
business.
 c)  The Company has maintained proper records of inventories. As explained to us, there were no material discrepancies 
noticed on physical verification of inventories as compared to the book records.
 d)  In accordance to the explanation and information given to us, during the period covered under audit, as there are no 
outstanding to bank / financial institutions, there is no requirement to file any quarterly statements or returns to any lenders. 
Hence no comments are being offered on the same.
3. The company has not granted any loans during the year to the Companies, firms or other parties listed in the registered 
maintained under section 189 of the Act, the clause 3(iii) of  the Order is not applicable.
4. In accordance to the information provided and explanations given to us, the company has not granted loan, made investment, 
provided any guarantee or security hence comments required under clause 3(iv) has not been made here. 
5. The company has not accepted any deposits as applicable under the directives issued by the  Reserve Bank of India and the 
provisions of sections 73 to 76 or any other provisions of the Act, and the rules framed thereunder. Accordingly, the provisions of 
Clause 3(iv) of the said order are not applicable.
6. To the best of our knowledge and explanations given to us, the Central Government has not prescribed the maintenance of cost 
records under clause (d) of sub section (1) of section 148 of the Act for the products of the company. Accordingly, provisions of 
clause 3(vi) of the said order are not applicable.
7. a)  According to the records of the Company, the Company is generally regular in depositing the undisputed statutory dues 
applicable to it with the appropriate authorities. In terms of its books of accounts, no undisputed statutory dues payable in 
respect of provident fund, employees state insurance, income tax, wealth tax, GST, service tax, customs duty, excise duty, 
value added tax, cess, and any other undisputed statutory dues were outstanding, as at March 31, 2025 for a period of 
more than six months from the date they became payable.
 b)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations given to us, there were no dues 
outstanding on account of income tax, wealth tax, GST, service tax, sales tax, customs duty, excise duty and cess on 
account of dispute.
8. According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, there are no 
transactions that are not recorded in the books of accounts to be surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax 
assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961.
9. (i)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company 
For K. R. Kaamath & Co.
     Chartered Accountants
(CA Rohith Kamath)
    Proprietor
    M. No: 221737
    Firm Reg No: 012708S
       UDIN: 25221737BMOODM6195
Date: May 26, 2025
Place: Bangalore
151
KELBUZZ TRADING PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 153]]
has not defaulted in repayment of dues to the bank.
 (ii)  The company has not been declared as a willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.
 (iii)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company 
has applied the proceeds of the term loans obtained by it for the purpose for which it was obtained.
 (iv)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the funds raised 
on a short term basis have not been utilized for long term purposes.
 (v)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the Company 
has not taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or 
joint ventures.
 (vi)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the Company 
has not raised any loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate 
companies.
10. (i)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company 
has not made any Initial Public Offer during the year.
 (ii)  During the year, the company has made allotment of shares and according to the records of the company and according to 
the information and explanations provided to us the requirements of the section 42 and section 62 of the Companies Act 
have been complied with and the funds so raised have been utilized for the purposes for which it has been raised.
11. (i)  Based on the audit procedures performed for the purpose of reporting the true and fair view of the financial statements and 
as per the information and explanations given to us, we report that no material frauds on or by the company has been 
noticed or reported. 
 (ii)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, report under 
sub-Section (12) of Section 143 of the Companies Act has not been filed by the auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under 
Rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules 2014 with the Central Government.
 (iii)   According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company 
has not any whistle-blower complaints during the year.
12. The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting under clause (xii) of the Order is not applicable.
13. The transactions entered into with related parties are in compliance with section 177 & 188 of The Companies Act 2013 and the 
details have been disclosed in the financial statements as required by the applicable accounting standards.
14. (i)  The company has an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature of its business.
 (ii)  The reports of the Internal Auditors for the period under audit has been considered.
15. The company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with directors or persons connected with directors, during the 
year.
16. The company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, Accordingly, clause 
3(xvi)(a) of the said order is not applicable.
17. The company has not incurred any cash losses during the financial year, previous year Rs. 40,22,000/- (Rupees Forty lakhs 
twenty two thousand only) during the immediately preceding Financial Year covered in this audit.
18. There has not been any resignation by the statutory auditors of the company during the year.
19. On the basis of the financial ratios, aging and expected dates of realization of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, 
other information accompanying the financial statements, the auditor's knowledge of the Board of Directors and management 
plans, we are of the opinion that no material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that company is capable of 
meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance 
sheet date.
20. The provisions of the section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 is not applicable to the company, hence clause 3(xx)(a) and (b) of 
the said order is not applicable to the company.
21. According to the information and explanations give to us and based on our examination of the records of the Company, here are t
no qualifications or adverse remarks by the respective auditors in the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order (CARO) reports of 
the companies included in the consolidated financial statements. 
152
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 154]]
       Annexure –2 to the Auditors' Report 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 
Act”) 
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Kelbuzz Trading Private Limited (“the Company”) as of 31 
March 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company for the year ended on that date. 
Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls: 
The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control 
over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India ('ICAI'). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that 
were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company's policies, 
the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013. 
Auditors' Responsibility 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting (the 
“Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial 
Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we 
comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal 
financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material 
respects. 
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining 
an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing 
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected 
depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the 
Company's internal financial controls system over financial reporting. 
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) 
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the 
company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or 
improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, 
For K. R. Kaamath & Co.
     Chartered Accountants
(CA Rohith Kamath)
    Proprietor
    M. No: 221737
    Firm Reg No: 012708S
       UDIN: 25221737BMOODM6195
Date: May 26, 2025
Place: Bangalore
153
KELBUZZ TRADING PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 155]]
projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the 
internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of 
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Opinion 
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting and 
such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at 31 March 2025, based on the internal control 
over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India.
For K. R. Kaamath & Co.
     Chartered Accountants
(CA Rohith Kamath)
    Proprietor
    M. No: 221737
    Firm Reg No: 012708S
       UDIN: 25221737BMOODM6195
Date: May 2 , 2026 5
Place: Bangalore
154
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 156]]
BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
Particulars Note No. As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
ASSETS
Non - current assets
(a) Other non current assets
Total non current assets
Current assets
(a) Financial assets
     (i) Cash and cash equivalents
(b) Other current assets
Total current assets
TOTAL ASSETS
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
(a) Share capital
(b) Other equity
Total equity
Liabilities
Current liabilities
(a) Other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Significant accounting policies and  notes attached 
form an integral part of the financial statements
3
4
5
6
7
8
-
-
456
4,568
5,024
5,024
70,200
(614,701)
(544,501)
549,525
549,525
5,024
1,2,12 
to 16
I.
II.
Amount in ₹’000 
222,177
222,177
99
4,568
4,667
226,844
70,200
(395,890)
(325,690)
552,534
552,534
226,844
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Kelbuzz Trading Private Limited
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 26, 2025
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
155
KELBUZZ TRADING PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 157]]
STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
Particulars Note No. Current Year Previous Year
Other income
Expenses
Other expenses
Total expenses
oss before tax (I - II)L
Tax expense
Current tax
oss for the year (III - IV)L
Earning per equity share
Basic & diluted (in  ₹)
I.
II.
III.
I . V
V.
VI.
9
10
11
319
319
219,130
219,130
(218,811)
-
(218,811)
(31.17)
-
-
4,022
4,022
(4,022)
-
(4,022)
(0.57)
1,2,12
to 16
Amount in ₹’000
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Kelbuzz Trading Private Limited
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 20226, 5
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
156
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 158]]
CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Cash flows from operating activities
Loss before taxation
Adjustments for:
Interest received
(Increase)/ decrease in other non current assets
Increase/ (decrease) in other current liabilities
Net cash from operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Interest received
Net cash from investing activities
Net cash from financing activities
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year
222,177
(3,009)
(218,811)
(219,130)
219,168
38
319
-
456
23,132
(19,110)
-
(4,022)
(4,022)
4,022
-
Amount in ₹’000
(319)
319
(319)
357
99
-
-
-
99
99
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Kelbuzz Trading Private Limited
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 26, 2025
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
-
157
-
KELBUZZ TRADING PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 159]]
CHANGES IN EQUITY AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
(a) Equity share capital
Amount in ₹’000
Particulars As at March 31, 
2025
As at March 31, 
2024
Balance at the beginning of the year  70,200  70,100
Changes in equity share capital during the year 100
Balance at the end of the year  70,200  70,200
(b) Other equity
Amount in ₹’000
Particulars Retained 
earnings
Total other 
equity    
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2023  (391,868)  (391,868)
Add: Loss for the year  (4,022)  (4,022) 
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2024  (395,890)  (395,890)
Add: Loss for the year  (218,811)  (218,811)
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2025  (614,701)  (614,701)
 -   
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Kelbuzz Trading Private Limited
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 20226, 5
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
158
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 160]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
1. BACKGROUND:
 Kelbuzz Trading Private Limited ("the Company") was incorporated on December 5, 2014 and is a subsidiary of Kirloskar 
Electric Company Limited.  The Company has been formed as Special Purpose Vehicle ("SPV") as per the restructuring terms.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
The financial statements of the company have been prepared in accordance with IND AS as prescribed under Section 133 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and 
subsequent amendments thereto.
  The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following assets and liabilities which 
have been measured at fair value or revalued amount:
  -    Freehold Land classified as own assets and leasehold land classified as assets taken on finance lease.
  -    Certain financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (refer accounting policy r egarding financial instruments).
 2.2 USE OF ESTIMATES:
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management 
to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures.  Accordingly, actual results 
could differ from those estimates.
 2.3 ASSETS HELD FOR SALE:
  Assets held for sale are stated at the cost or estimated net realizable value whichever is lower.
 2.4 TAXES ON INCOME:
  Provision for current tax for the year is after taking cognizance of excess/short provision in prior years. Deferred tax assets / 
liability is recognized, subject to consideration of prudence, on timing differences.
 2.5 IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS:
  An asset is treated as impaired when the carrying cost of asset exceeds its recoverable value.  An impairment loss, if any, is 
charged to profit and loss account, in the year in which an asset is identified as impaired.
 2.6 PROVISIONS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES:
  a. A provision is recognized when the Company has a present obligation as a result of past event and it is probable that 
outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, in respect of which reliable esti mate can be made.  
Provisions (excluding retirement benefits) are not discounted to its present value and are determined based on best 
estimate required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date. These are reviewed at each balance sheet date 
and adjusted to reflect the current best estimates.
  b. Financial effect of contingent liabilities is disclosed based on information available upto the date on which financial 
statements are approved. However, where a reasonable estimate of financial effect cannot be made, suitable 
disclosures are made with regard to this fact and the existence and nature of the contingent liability.
 2.7 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:
  Financial assets and liabilities are recognized when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the 
instrument. Financial assets and liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value measured on initial recognition of 
financial asset or financial liability.  
  (i) Cash and cash equivalents: 
   Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash and deposit with banks other than for term deposit earmarked for Bank 
Guarantee. The company considers all highly liquid investments including demand deposits with bank with an original 
maturity of three months or less and that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash to be cash equivalents.
159
KELBUZZ TRADING PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 161]]
  (ii)  Financial assets at amortized cost
   Financial assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost if these financial assets are held within a business 
whose objective is to hold these assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms of the 
financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding.
  (iii) Financial liabilities
   Financial liabilities are subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method. For trade and other 
payables maturing within one year from the balance sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the 
short maturity of these instruments.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Kelbuzz Trading Private Limited
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 20226, 5
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
160
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 162]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Amount in ₹ ’000 
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024
3. Other non current assets
(i) Other receivables 368,086  368,138
Less: Provision for doubtful receivables  (368,086)  (149,000)
-  219,138
(ii) Advance Income Tax -  3,039
 Total -  222,177
4. Cash and cash equivalents:
Balances with banks
 - in other accounts 456  99
 Total 456  99
5. Other Current Asset
Assets held for sale  4,568  4,568
 Total  4,568  4,568
6. Share capital:
Particulars  As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
Number  ₹’000 Number  ₹’000 
Authorized:
Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each  7,090,000  70,900  7,090,000  70,900
Preference shares of ₹ 10/- each  10,000  100  10,000  100
 71,000  71,000
Issued, subscribed and fully paid up:
Preference shares of ₹ 10 /- each
At the beginning of the reporting period - -  10,000  100
Issued during the reporting period  -     -     -     -    
Redeemed during the reporting period
At the close of the reporting period - -
Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each
At the beginning of the period  7,020,000  70,200  7,010,000  70,100
Issued during the reporting period
At the close of the period  7,020,000  70,200  7,020,000  70,200
Total  70,200  70,200
-
 -    
-
 -    
- -
 10,000 
 10,000 
 100
 100
161
KELBUZZ TRADING PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 163]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Other Information:
1 s Preference hares:
 a. The Company has issued non cumulative preference shares of ₹ 10/- each.  The preference shareholders do not have 
voting rights.
 b. Preference shares carry a dividend of 0.1%.
 c. The Company has redeemed 10,000 Preference shares at Rs 10 per share during the year previous  ended March 31, 
2024 
2 Equity shares:
 a. The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of ₹ 10/- each. Each holder of equity shares is entitled 
to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of the equity shares will be entitled to receive 
the remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to 
the equity shares held by the shareholder.
 b.
7   Other Equity
Equity shares of Rs.10/- each includes: As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number  ₹’000 Number  ₹’000 
Shares allotted pursuant to a contract without consideration 
being received in cash. These shares were issued to 
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited as fully paid.
 7,010,000  70,100 7,010,000  70,100
c. Particulars of equity share holders holding more than 
5% of the total number of equity share capital:
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number  Percentage Number  Percentage 
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (Holding Company)  7,019,999 100%  7,019,999 100%
 Amount in ₹’000 
Particulars Retained earnings Total other equity    
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2023  (391,868)  (391,868)
Add: Loss for the year  (4,022)  (4,022) 
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2024  (395,890)  (395,890)
Add: Loss for the year  (218,811)  (218,811)
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2025  (614,701)  (614,701)
8 Other current liabilities:
     As at  
March 31, 2025
     As at  
March 31, 2024
i) Amount due to holding company  549,505  552,511
ii) Other liabilities  20  23
 549,525  552,534
Particulars
d.
Shares held by promotors at the end of the year
Number Percentage Percentage of change during the year
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (Holding Company)  7,019,999 100% -
Shareholding of promotors
9 Other income:
Interest income 319 -
319 -
162
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 164]]
 Amount in ₹’000 
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
10 Other expenses:
i) Rates and taxes 5
ii) Payment to auditors - as auditor 13
iii) Professional charges
iv)
Bank charges
219,086
v)
Insurance expenses
219,130 4,022
11 Earnings per share:
(Basic and diluted)
Loss for the year after tax expense  (218,811) (4,022)
Weighted average number of equity shares  7,020,000  7,020,000 
Loss per share (in ₹)  (31.17)  (0.57) 
12 SEGMENT REPORTING:   
 The  Company is a SPV engaged in the realisation of fixed and current assets transferred from its holding company.  Since the 
Company’s business activity primarily falls within single business segment, no further disclosures required other than those 
given in the financial statements. 
13 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS: 
 (a) List of related parties:
Sl. 
No.
Name of the Related Party  Relationship 
1 Kirloskar Electric Company Limited  Holding Company 
2 Prakash Purushotham
Director3 Vikas Kumar Gandhi
4 Ashok Misra
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Provision for doubtful trade receivables
vi)
-
3
4
 15
-
-
23
4,000
3
(b) Transactions with related parties: 
Amount in ₹’000 
Particulars  Relationship  Current Year Previous Year
Reimbrusement of expenses:
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Holding Company 45 22
 (c) Outstanding balances at the end of the year:
Amount in ₹’000 
Particulars  Relationship  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
Amount due from Company:
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
 Holding 
Company 549,505 552,511
Investment in Equity Shares:
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Holding Company - 100
163
KELBUZZ TRADING PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 165]]
14  a.    
 b.     The Company is taking active steps to dispose off the current assets so taken over and pay the unpaid consideration to 
its holding company.
 c. Assignment of dues from non residents are subject to approval of Reserve Bank of India, if required.
16 Previous year figures have been regrouped wherever necessary to confirm with current year presentation.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
In respect of aggregate trade receivables transferred from the holding company and outstanding as at March 31, 2025 
for more than 2 years, amounting to ₹ Nil (Previous year ₹ 219,138 thousand) net of provision.
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Kelbuzz Trading Private Limited
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 20226, 5
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
The Board of Directors in its meeting held on June 28, 2024,  has approved the merger with the Holding company.  The 
Company has filled the application of Merger with NCLT, Bangalore Bench on October 31, 2024.
On April 24, 2025 NCLT Bangalore Bench issued order to send notices to various statutory departments to raise their objection, 
if any, within 30 days of receipt of notices. Accordingly notices has been sent on May 06, 2025 by the Company.
15 
164
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 166]]
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF M/s. Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited  
Report on the IND AS Financial Statements:
Opinion:
We have audited the accompanying standalone IND AS financial statements of M/s. Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited (“the 
Company”), which comprises of the Balance Sheet as at 31 March, 2025 and the Statement of Profit and loss, the Cash Flow 
Statement, the statement for Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other 
explanatory information annexed thereto. 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone Ind AS 
financial statements give the information required by the Act, in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with 
the accounting principles generally accepted in India including the Ind AS, of the state of affairs of the company as at 31st March 
2025, and its loss and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.  
Basis for Opinion:
We conducted our audit of the IND AS financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified u/s 143(10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the Audit or 
the Financial Statements section of our report. We are Independent of the company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the standalone 
financial statements under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and ICAI’s Code of Ethics.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained have sufficient and appropriate to provide basis for our audit opinion on 
Standalone IND AS financial statements.
Key Audit Matters:
Key audit matters are those matters that in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of standalone financial 
statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the Standalone 
Financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For 
each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have determined that there are no Key Audit Matters to communicate in our report.
Information other than the standalone financial statements and the auditors report thereon:
The company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of other information. The other information comprises the 
information included in the management discussion and analysis, Board’s Report, Business responsibility report, Corporate 
Governance and Shareholders Information, but does not include the standalone IND AS financial statements and our Auditors report 
thereon.
Our opinion on the standalone IND AS financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone IND AS financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone IND AS financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and in 
doing so, whether, the other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone IND AS financial statements or our knowledge 
obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.  
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is no material mis-statement of this other information, we required to 
report the fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Management’s Responsibility for the Ind AS Financial Statements:
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) with 
respect to the preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial 
performance and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS)  specified under section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding the assets of the company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of 
appropriate accounting policies, making judgements, and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
165
LUXQUISITE PARKLAND PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 167]]
166
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the 
Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material mis-statement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless 
management either intends to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibility:
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a 
high leverl of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted is in accordance with SAs will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material  if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone 
IND AS financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the 
audit. We also:
1. Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone IND AS financial statem ents, whether due to fraud or 
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omission, mis-representation, or the override or  internal 
control
2. Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on 
whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
3. Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the management.
4. Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone IND AS financial statements or, if such disclosures 
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained upto the date of our auditor’s 
report. However future events or conditions may cause the company to cease to continue as a going concern.
5. Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone IND AS financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the standalone IND AS financial statements represent the underlying transactions and event in a 
manner that achieves fair presentation.
6. Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the Company and its operations to express an 
opinion on the standalone financial statements. 
7. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the financial statements of such entities 
included in the standalone financial statements of which we are the independent auditors. For the other entities included in the 
standalone financial statements, which have been audited by the other auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the 
direction, supervision and performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it 
probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the standalone financial statements may be influenced. 
We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of 
our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the standalone financial statements
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit 
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonable be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in 
the audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these 
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 168]]
167
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare 
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing 
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements:
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020, (“The Order”) issued by the Government of India, in terms of sub 
section (11) of section 143 of the Act. And on the basis of such checks of the books and records of the company as we considered 
appropriate and according to the information and explanations given to us, we give in the “Annexure 1”, a statement on the 
matters specified in the paragraphs 3 & 4 of the said order 
2. As required under Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
 a) we have sought and obtained all the information and explanations, which to the best of our knowledge and belief  were  
necessary for the purpose of our audit;
 b) in our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as appears from our 
examination of those books ;
 c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss, the Cash Flow Statement and the Stat ement of Changes in Equity 
dealt with by this report are in agreement with the books of accounts.
 d) in our opinion, the aforesaid standalone Ind AS financial statements comply with the accounting standards specified under 
section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014;
 e) on the basis of written representations received from the directors, taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of the 
directors is disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act as on 31st March 2025; and
 f) with respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in “Annexure 2”; and
 g) with respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with t he requirements of Section 
197(16) of the Act, as amended, we do not offer any comment on the remuneration paid by the company to it is Directors as 
during the aforementioned period, no remuneration has been paid by the company to its Directors
 h) with respect to the other matters to be included in the auditor’s report in accordance with the Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit 
and Auditors) Rules, 2014 in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanation given to us:
  i. The Company does not have pending litigations, which would impact its Ind AS financial statements 
  ii. The company did not have any long term contracts and has not entered into any derivative contacts. Accordingly no 
provision is required to be recognized in the respect of material foreseeable losses under applicable laws or accounting 
standards.
  iii. There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Pr otection Fund by the 
Company. 
 iv. (a) The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds(which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person or entity , including foreign 
entity (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries; 
  (b) The Management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of  the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries;
  (c) Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), 
as provided under (i) and (ii) above, contain any material misstatement.
 v. The company had not proposed any divided during the previous year, no interim dividend was proposed or declared during 
the year and the Board of Directors have not proposed any dividend for the year which is required to be approved in the 
LUXQUISITE PARKLAND PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 169]]
168
Annual General Meeting. In the light of these circumstances, we have not offered any comment upon the compliance under 
section 123 of the Act.
 vi. Based on our examination, which included test checks, the Company has used accounting softwares for maintaining its 
books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and 
the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the softwares. Further, during the course 
of our audit we did not not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered with the audit trail has been 
preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirements for record retention.
Annexure -1 to the Auditors’ Report
Annexure referred to in paragraph 1 under the heading “Report on other legal and regulatory requirements” of our Report to the 
members of Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited, Bangalore
1) The company does not have any fixed assets during the period covered under audit, hence the clause 3(i) of the Order is not 
applicable
2) a) The inventories have been physically verified during the year by the management. In our opinion, the frequency of 
verification is reasonable.
 b) In our opinion and to the information and explanation given to us, the procedures of  physical v erification of inventories 
followed by the management are reasonable and adequate in relation to the size of the company and the nature of its 
business.
 c) The Company has maintained proper records of inventories. As explained to us, there were no material discrepancies 
noticed on physical verification of inventories as compared to the book records.
 d) In accordance to the explanation and information given to us, during the period covered under audit, as there are no 
outstanding to bank / financial institutions, there is no requirement to file any quarterly statements or returns to any lenders. 
Hence no comments are being offered on the same.
3) The company has not granted any loans during the year to the Companies, firms or other parties listed in the registered 
maintained under section 189 of the Act, the clause 3(iii) of the Order is not applicable
4) In accordance to the information provided and explanations given to us, the company has not granted loan, made investment, 
provided any guarantee or security hence comments required under clause 3(iv) has not been made here. 
5) The company has not accepted any deposits as applicable under the directives issued by the Reserve Bank of India and the 
provisions of sections 73 to 76 or any other provisions of the Act, and the rules framed thereunder. Accordingly, the provisions of 
Clause 3(v) of the said order are not applicable.
6) To the best of our knowledge and explanations given to us, the Central Government has not prescribed the maintenance of cost 
records under clause (d) of sub section (1) of section 148 of the Act for the products of the company. Accordingly, provisions of 
clause 3(vi) of the said order are not applicable.
7) a) According to the records of the Company, the Company is generally regular in depositing the undisputed statutory dues 
applicable to it to with the appropriate authorities. In terms of its books of accounts, no undisputed statutory dues payable in 
respect of provident fund, employees state insurance, income tax, wealth tax, GST, service tax, customs duty, excise duty, 
value added tax, cess, and any other undisputed statutory dues were outstanding, as at March 31, 2025 for a period of more 
than six months from the date they became payable.
 b) According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations given to us, there were no dues 
outstanding on account of income tax, wealth tax, GST, service tax, sales tax, customs duty, excise duty and cess on 
account of dispute.
8) According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, there are no 
transactions that are not recorded in the books of accounts to be surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax 
assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961.
For K. R. Kaamath & Co.
     Chartered Accountants
(CA Rohith Kamath)
    Proprietor
    M. No: 221737
    Firm Reg No: 012708S
       UDIN: 25221737BMOODO6391
Date: May 2 , 2026 5
Place: Bangalore
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 170]]
169
9) (i) According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company 
has not defaulted in repayment of dues to the bank.
 (ii) The company has not been declared as a willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.
 (iii)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company 
has applied the proceeds of the term loans obtained by it for the purpose for which it was obtained.
 (iv)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us The funds raised 
on a short term basis have not been utilised for long term purposes
 (v) According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the Company 
has not taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or 
joint ventures
 (vi)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the Company 
has not raised any loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate 
companies
10) (i) According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company 
has not made any Initial Public Offer during the year.
 (ii) During the year, the company has made allotment of shares and according to the records of the company and according to 
the information and explanations provided to us the requirements of the section 42 and section 62 of the Companies Act 
have been complied with and the funds so raised have been utilized for the purposes for which it has been raised
11) (i) Based on the audit procedures performed for the purpose of reporting the true and fair view of the financial statements and 
as per the information and explanations given to us, we report that no material frauds on or by the company has been 
noticed or reported. 
 (ii) According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, report under 
sub-Section (12) of Section 143 of the Companies Act has not been filed by the auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under 
Rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules 2014 with the Central Government.
 (iii)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company 
has not any whistle-blower complaints during the year.
12) The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting under clause (xii) of the Order is not applicable
13) The transactions entered into with related parties are in compliance with section 177 & 188 of The Companies Act 2013 and the 
details have been disclosed in the financial statements as required by the applicable accounting standards.
14) (i) The company has an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature of its business.
 (ii) The reports of the Internal Auditors for the period under audit has been considered.
15) The company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with directors or persons connected with directors, during the 
year.
16) The company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, Accordingly, clause 
3(xvi)(a) of the said order is not applicable.
17) The company has incurred an amount of Rs. 1,19,000/- (One lakh nineteen thousand only) as cash losses during the financial 
year and for previous year Rs. 24,849  (Rupees Twenty four thousand eight hundred forty nine only ) during the immediately 
preceding Financial Year covered in this audit.
18) There has not been any resignation by the statutory auditors of the company during the year.
19) On the basis of the financial ratios, aging and expected dates of realization of financial assets and payment of financial 
liabilities, other information accompanying the financial statements, the auditor’s knowledge of the Board of Directors and 
management plans, we are of the opinion that no material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that company is 
capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from 
the balance sheet date. 
20) The provisions of the section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 is not applicable to the company, hence clause 3(xx)(a) and (b) of 
the said order is not applicable to the company.
21)  According to the information and explanations give to us and based on our examination of the records of the Company, There 
are no qualifications or adverse remarks by the respective auditors in the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order (CARO) reports 
of the companies included in the consolidated financial statements.
LUXQUISITE PARKLAND PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 171]]
170
Annexure – 2 to the Auditors’ Report 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 
Act”) 
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of  (“the Company”) as Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited
of 31 March 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company for the year ended on that date. 
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls: 
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control 
over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India (‘ICAI’). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that 
were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company’s policies, 
the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013. 
Auditors’ Responsibility 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting (the 
“Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial 
Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we 
comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal 
financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material 
respects. 
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining 
an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and 
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures 
selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the standalone 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the 
Company’s internal financial controls system over financial reporting. 
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) 
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the 
company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or 
improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the 
internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of 
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
For K. R. Kaamath & Co.
     Chartered Accountants
(CA Rohith Kamath)
    Proprietor
    M. No: 221737
    Firm Reg No: 012708S
       UDIN: 25221737BMOODO6391
Date: May 2 , 2026 5
Place: Bangalore
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 172]]
171
Opinion 
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting and 
such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at 31 March 2025, based on the internal control 
over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India.
For K. R. Kaamath & Co.
     Chartered Accountants
(CA Rohith Kamath)
    Proprietor
    M. No: 221737
    Firm Reg No: 012708S
       UDIN: 25221737BMOODO6391
Date: May 26, 2025
Place: Bangalore
LUXQUISITE PARKLAND PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 173]]
BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
Amount in ₹’000
Particulars  Note 
No. 
 As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
I. ASSETS 
Non - current assets 
(a)  Financial assets
  (i)  Investments 3  -     -    
Total non current assets  -    -   
Current assets 
(a)  Financial assets
  
(i)  Cash and cash equivalents 4  214  217
6
Total current assets 364  217
TOTAL ASSETS 364  217
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
Equity
(a)  Share capital
7
 606,500  606,500
(b)  Other equity
8
 (630,037)  (629,918)
Total  Equity  (23,537)  (23,418)
Current liabilities 
(a)  Other current liabilities  23,901  23,635
Total current liabilities  23,901  23,635
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITY 364  217
Significant accounting policies and  notes attached form an integral part of 
the financial statements 
 1,2, 11
to 14
(b)  Other current assets 5 150  -    
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited     
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 20226, 5
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
Sanjeev Kumar S
Chief Financial Officer
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
Company Secretary
Membership No. A21919
172
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 174]]
STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
 Amount in ₹’000 
Particulars Note No.  Current Year  Previous Year 
I Income  -     -    
Total revenue  -    -   
II Expenses
Other expenses 9 119 25
Total expenses 119 25
III Loss before tax (I - II)  (119)  (25)
IV Tax expense:
Current tax  -    -   
V Loss for the year (III - IV)  (119)  (25)
VI Earning per equity share: 10
Basic & diluted (in ₹)  (0.00)  (0.00)
 1,2, 11 to 
14
Significant accounting policies and  notes attached form an integral 
part of the financial statements
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited     
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 26, 2025
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
Sanjeev Kumar S
Chief Financial Officer
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
Company Secretary
Membership No. A21919
173
LUXQUISITE PARKLAND PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 175]]
CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
 Amount in ₹’000 
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Cash flows from operating activities
Loss before taxation  (119)  (25)
Adjustments for:
(Increase)/decrease in other current assets (150)
Increase/ (decrease) in trade payables and 
other current liabilities
266 25
116 25
Net cash from operating activities  (3) -
Cash flows from investing activities  -     -    
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents
 (3) -
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of 
the period
 217 217
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the 
period
 214  217
-
Cash flows from investing activities  -     -    
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited     
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 20226, 5
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
Sanjeev Kumar S
Chief Financial Officer
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
Company Secretary
Membership No. A21919
174
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 176]]
 CHANGES IN EQUITY AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
(a) Equity Share Capital
 Amount in ₹’000 
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Balance at the Beginning of the year  606,500  606,400
Changes in equity share capital during the year  -    100  
Balance at the end of the year  606,500  606,500
(b) Other Equity
Particulars Retained 
earnings
Total Other 
equity    
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2023  (629,893)  (629,893)
Add: Loss for the year  (25)  (25)
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2024  (629,918)  (629,918)
Add: Loss for the year  (119)  (119)
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2025  (630,037)  (630,037)
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited     
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 26, 2025
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
Sanjeev Kumar S
Chief Financial Officer
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
Company Secretary
Membership No. A21919
 Amount in ₹’000 
175
LUXQUISITE PARKLAND PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 177]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
1. BACKGROUND:
 Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited ("the Company") was incorporated on December 2, 2014 and is a subsidiary of Kirloskar 
Electric Company Limited.  The Company has been formed as Special Purpose Vehicle ("SPV") as per the restructuring terms.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
  The financial statements of the company have been prepared in accordance with IND AS as prescribed under Section 133 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and 
subsequent amendments thereto.
  The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following assets and liabilities which 
have been measured at fair value or revalued amount:
  -    Freehold Land classified as own assets and leasehold land classified as assets taken on finance lease
  -    Certain financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (refer accounting policy r egarding financial instruments).
 2.2 USE OF ESTIMATES:
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management 
to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures.  Accordingly, actual results 
could differ from those estimates.
 2.3 TAXES ON INCOME:
  Provision for current tax for the year is after taking cognizance of excess / short provision in prior years. Deferred tax 
assets/liability is recognized, subject to consideration of prudence, on timing differences.
 4 2.  IMPAIRMENT :
  Investment in Subsidiaries and Associates:(i) 
   The Company has accounted  for its investments in Subsidiaries at cost less impairment loss ( if any ).
 5 2.  PROVISIONS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES:
  A provision is recognized when the Company has a present obligation as a result of past event and it is probable that 
outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, in respect of which reliable estimate can be made.  Provisions 
(excluding retirement benefits) are not discounted to its present value and are determined based on best estimate required 
to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date.  These are reviewed at each balance sheet date and adjusted to reflect 
the current best estimates.
  Financial effect of contingent liabilities is disclosed based on information available upto the date on which financial 
statements are approved. However, where a reasonable estimate of financial effect cannot be made, suitable disclosures 
are made with regard to this fact and the existence and nature of the contingent liability.
 6 2.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:
  Financial assets and liabilities are recognized when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the 
instrument. Financial assets and liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value measured on initial recognition of 
financial asset or financial liability.  
  (i)  c eCash and ash quivalents
   c eCash and ash quivalents comprise cash and deposit with banks other than for term deposit earmarked for Bank 
Guarantee. The company considers all highly liquid investments including demand deposits with bank with an original 
maturity of three months or less and that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash to be cash equivalents.
  (ii) Financial assets at amortized cost
   Financial assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost if these financial assets are held within a business 
whose objective is to hold these assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms of the 
176
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 178]]
financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding.
  (iii) Financial liabilities
   Financial liabilities are subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method. For trade and other 
payables maturing within one year from the balance sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the 
short maturity of these instruments.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
3 Non current investments:
Details of 
Investments
Name of the 
Company
 As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
 No of 
shares 
Face value  Amount 
(₹’000 ) 
 No of 
shares 
Face value  Amount 
(₹’000 ) 
Investments in 
equity Instruments:
Fully paid up Kirsons BV  2,602 € 100.00 623,001  2,602 € 100.00 623,001
Total 623,001 623,001
Less : Provision for impairment in value of investments 623,001 623,001
Total  -     -    
Additional Information: 
Aggregate value of unquoted investments:
4 Cash and cash equivalents:
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024
Cash and cash equivalents
( ) Balances with banks
 - in other accounts  214  217
Total  214  217
5 Other current asset:
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025 
 As at  
March 31, 2024
Security Deposit
 
150 -
Total 150 -
6. Share capital:
          Particulars
 As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
Number  ₹’000 Number  ₹’000
a Authorized:
Preference shares of Rs.10/- each
 10,000  100  10,000  1,00Equity shares of Rs.10/- each
 60,990,000  609,900  60,990,000  609,900
 610,000  610,000
 Amount ₹’000
177
LUXQUISITE PARKLAND PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 179]]
b Issued, subscribed and fully paid up:
Preference shares of Rs.10/- each
  At the beginning of the reporting period - -  10,000  100
  Issued during the reporting period  -     -     -    
  At the close of the reporting period
- -
- -
c Equity shares of Rs.10/- each
  At the beginning of the reporting period  60,650,000  606,500  60,640,000  606,400
  At the close of the reporting period  60,650,000  606,500  60,650,000  606,500
Total  606,500  606,500
Other Informat i o  n: 
1 Preference shares:    
 a.     The Company has issued non cumulative preference shares of ₹ 10/- each.  The preference shareholders do not have 
voting rights.    
 b. Preference shares carry a dividend of 0.1%.    
 c. The Company has redeemed 10000 Preference shares at Rs 10 per share during previous year ended March 31, 2024
2 Equity shares:    
 a. Th  e Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of Rs 10/- each. Each holder of equity shares 
is entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of the equity shares will be 
entitled to receive the remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution 
will be in proportion to the equity shares held by the shareholder.
b. Particulars of equity share holders holding more than 
5% of the total number of equity share capital:
 As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
Number Percentage Number Percentage 
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (Holding Company)  60,649,999 100%  60,649,999 100%
  Redeemed during the reporting period
 -     -    
  Issued during the reporting period - -
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          Particulars
 As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
Number  ₹’000 Number  ₹’000
-
 10,000 
 10,000 
 100
 100
c.
Shares held by promotors at the end of the year
Number Percentage Percentage of change during the year
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (Holding Company) 60,649,999 100% -
Shareholding of promotors
7 Other Equity Amount in ₹’000 
Particulars Retained 
earnings
Total Other 
equity    
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2023  (629,893)  (629,893)
Add: Loss for the year  (25)  (25)
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2024  (629,918)  (629,918)
Add: Loss for the year  (119)  (119)
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2025  (630,037)  (630,037)
178
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 180]]
 Amount in ₹’000 
             Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
8 Other current liabilities:
a) Amount due to holding company 23,863  23,616
b) Other liabilities 32 19
 23,901  23,635
9 Other expenses:
i) Rates and taxes 77
ii) Payment to auditors - as auditor 15  15
iii) Professional charges 24 5
iv) Bank Charges 3 1
119 25
4
10 Earnings per share:
(Basic and diluted)
After extraordinary item:
Loss for the year after tax expense  (119)  (25)
Weighted average number of equity shares  60,650,000  60,640,000 
Loss per share (0.00)
11 SEGMENT REPORTING:   
 The  Company’s business activity primarily falls within single business segment, no further disclosures required other than 
those given in the financial statements.
11 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:
 (a) List of related parties:
Sl. No. Name of the Related Party  Relationship 
1 Kirloskar Electric Company Limited  Holding Company 
2 Vikas Kumar Gandhi
 Key Management Personnel
3
4 Anil Kumar Bhandari #
5 Prakash Purushotham
6 Sanjeev Kumar S
7 Mahabaleshwar Bhat $
$ w.e.f  October 05, 2024
# up to September 20, 2024
Director
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             Particulars
Amount in ₹’000 
Current Year Previous Year
c) TDS payable 6 -
Karibasappa Kori $
 (b) Transactions with related parties:
 Amount in ₹‘  000 
Particulars  Relationship  Current Year  Previous Year 
Reimbrusement of expenses
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Holding 
Company 
97 23
Investment in Equity Shares
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
Holding 
Company 
- 100
(0.00)
179
LUXQUISITE PARKLAND PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 181]]
 (c) Outstanding balances at the end of the year:
 Amount in ₹‘  000 
Particulars  Relationship  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
Amount due from Company
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
 Holding 
Company 
23,863 23,616
14 Previous years figures have been regrouped wherever required in conformity with current year presentation.  
 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Board of Directors in its meeting held on June 28, 2024,  has approved the merger with the Holding company.  The Company 
has filled the application of Merger with NCLT, Bangalore Bench on October 31, 2024.
On April 24, 2025 NCLT Bangalore Bench issued order to send notices to various statutory departments to raise their objection, if 
any, within 30 days of receipt of notices. Accordingly notices has been sent on May 06, 2025 by the Company.
13 
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
Luxquisite Parkland Private Limited     
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 20226, 5
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
Sanjeev Kumar S
Chief Financial Officer
Mahabaleshwar Bhat
Company Secretary
Membership No. A21919
180
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 182]]
Report on the IND AS Financial Statements:
Opinion:
We have audited the accompanying standalone IND AS financial statements of M/s. SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited (“the 
Company”), which comprises of the Balance Sheet as at 31 March, 2025 and the Statement of Profit and loss, the Cash Flow 
Statement, the statement for Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other 
explanatory information annexed thereto. 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone Ind AS 
financial statements give the information required by the Act, in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity 
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India including the Ind AS, of the state of affairs of the company as at 31st March 
2025, and its loss and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.  
Basis for Opinion:
We conducted our audit of the IND AS financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified u/s 143(10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the Audit 
or the Financial Statements section of our report. We are Independent of the company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are r elevant to our audit of the 
standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled 
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and ICAI's Code of Ethics.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained have sufficient and appropriate to provide basis for our audit opinion on 
Standalone IND AS financial statements.
Key Audit Matters:
Key audit matters are those matters that in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of standalone financial 
statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the Standalone 
Financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For 
each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context. 
We have determined that there are no Key Audit Matters to communicate in our report.
Information other than the standalone financial statements and the auditors report thereon:
The company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of other information. The other information comprises the 
information included in the management discussion and analysis, Board’s Report, Business responsibility report, Corporate 
Governance and Shareholders Information, but does not include the standalone IND AS financial statements and our Auditors report 
thereon.
Our opinion on the standalone IND AS financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone IND AS financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone IND AS financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and in 
doing so, whether, the other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone IND AS financial statements or our knowledge 
obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.  
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is no material mis-statement of this other information, we required 
to report the fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Management’s Responsibility for the Ind AS Financial Statements:
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) with 
respect to the preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial 
performance and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS)  specified under section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding the assets of the company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of 
appropriate accounting policies, making judgements, and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF M/s. SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited
181
SLPKG ESTATE HOLDINGS PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 183]]
Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material mis-statement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless 
management either intends to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibility:
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a 
high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted is in accordance with SAs will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material  if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone 
IND AS financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout 
the audit. We also:
1. Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone IND AS financial statements, whether due to fraud or 
 error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and  
 appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement r esulting from fraud is higher 
 than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omission,  mis-representation, or the  
 override or internal control.
2. Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are  
 appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on 
 whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such  
 controls.
3. Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related  
 disclosures made by the management.
4. Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit  
 evidence obtained, whether material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
 Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that material uncertainly exists, we are required to draw  
 attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone IND AS financial statements or, if such disclosures 
 are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained upto the date of our  
 auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the company to cease to continue as a going concern.
5. Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone IND AS financial statements, including the  
 disclosures, and whether the standalone IND AS financial statements represent the underlying transactions and event in a 
 manner that achieves fair presentation.
6. Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the Company and its operations to express 
 an opinion on the standalone financial statements. 
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the financial statements of such entities included in 
the standalone financial statements of which we are the independent auditors. For the other entities included in the standalone 
financial statements, which have been audited by the other auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, 
supervision and performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it 
probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the standalone financial statements may be 
influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating 
the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the standalone financial statements
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit 
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonable be thought to bear 
on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in 
182
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 184]]
the audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these 
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare 
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing 
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements:
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020, (“The Order”) issued by the Government of India, in terms of sub 
section (11) of section 143 of the Act. And on the basis of such checks of the books and records of the company as we considered 
appropriate and according to the information and explanations given to us, we give in the “Annexure 1”, a statement on the 
matters specified in the paragraphs 3 & 4 of the said order.
2. As required under Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
 a) we have sought and obtained all the information and explanations, which to the best of our knowledge and belief  were 
necessary for the purpose of our audit;
 b) in our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as appears from our 
examination of those books ;
 c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss, the Cash Flow Statement and the Stat ement of Changes in Equity 
dealt with by this report are in agreement with the books of accounts;
 d) in our opinion, the aforesaid standalone Ind AS financial statements comply with the accounting standards specified under 
section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014;
 e) on the basis of written representations received from the directors, taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of the 
directors is disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act as on 31st March 2025; 
and
 f) with respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in “Annexure 2”; and
 g) with respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with t he requirements of Section 
197(16) of the Act, as amended, we do not offer any comment on the remuneration paid by the company to it is Directors 
as during the aforementioned period, no remuneration has been paid by the company to its Directors;
 h) with respect to the other matters to be included in the auditor’s report in accordance with the Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit 
and Auditors) Rules, 2014 in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanation given to us:
 i. The Company does not have pending litigations, which would impact its Ind AS financial statements .
 ii. The company did not have any long term contracts and has not entered into any derivative contacts. Accordingly no 
provision is required to be recognized in the respect of material foreseeable losses under applicable laws or accounting 
standards.
 iii. There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Prot ection Fund by the 
Company. 
  iv. (a) The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds(which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign 
entity (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by 
or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries; 
   (b) The Management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person or entity, including foreign 
entity (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
   (c) Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of 
Rule 11(e), as provided under (i) and (ii) above, contain any material misstatement.
183
SLPKG ESTATE HOLDINGS PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 185]]
 v. The company had not proposed any divided during the previous year, no interim dividend was proposed or declared 
during the year and the Board of Directors have not proposed any dividend for the year which is required to be approved 
in the Annual General Meeting. In the light of these circumstances, we have not offered any comment upon the 
compliance under section 123 of the Act.
 vi. Based on our examination, which included test checks, the Company has used accounting softwares for maintaining its 
 books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility 
 and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the softwares. Further, during 
the course of our audit we did not not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered with and the 
audit trail has been preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirements for record retention. 
For K. R. Kaamath & Co.
Chartered Accountants     
(CA Rohith Kamath)
    Proprietor
    M. No: 221737
    Firm Reg No: 012708S
       UDIN: 25221737BMOODL9465
Date: May 2 , 2026 5
Place: Bangalore
Annexure referred to in paragraph 1 under the heading “Report on other legal and regulatory requirements” of our Report to the 
members of  SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited, Bangalore
1) The company does not have any fixed assets during the period covered under audit, hence the clause 3(i) of the  
 Order is not applicable.
2) a)  The inventories have been physically verified during the year by the management. In our opinion, the frequency of 
verification is reasonable.
 b)  In our opinion and to the information and explanation given to us, the procedures of physical verification of inventories 
followed by the management are reasonable and adequate in relation to the size of the company and the nature of its 
business.
 c)  The Company has maintained proper records of inventories. As explained to us, there were no material discrepancies 
 noticed on physical verification of inventories as compared to the book records.
 d)  In accordance to the explanation and information given to us, during the period covered under audit, as there are no 
outstanding to bank / financial institutions, there is no requirement to file any quarterly statements or returns to any      
lenders. Hence no comments are being offered on the same.
3) The company has not granted any loans during the year to the Companies, firms or other parties listed in the registered  
 maintained under section 189 of the Act, the clause 3(iii) of the Order is not applicable.
4) In accordance to the information provided and explanations given to us, the company has not granted loan, made  
 investment, provided any guarantee or security hence comments required under clause 3(iv) has not been made here. 
5) The company has not accepted any deposits as applicable under the directives issued by the Reserve Bank of India  
 and the provisions of sections 73 to 76 or any other provisions of the Act, and the rules framed thereunder. Accordingly,  
 the provisions of Clause 3(v) of the said order are not applicable.
6) To the best of our knowledge and explanations given to us, the Central Government has not prescribed the   
  maintenance of cost records under clause (d) of sub section (1) of section 148 of the Act for the products of the   
 company. Accordingly, provisions of clause 3(vi) of the said order are not applicable.
7) a)  According to the records of the Company, the Company is generally regular in depositing the undisputed statutory dues 
applicable to it to with the appropriate authorities. In terms of its books of accounts, no undisputed statutory dues payable in 
respect of provident fund, employees state insurance, income tax, wealth tax, GST, service tax, customs duty, excise duty, 
value added tax, cess, and any other undisputed statutory dues were outstanding, as at March 31, 202  for a period of more 5
than six months from the date they became payable.
 b)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations given to us, there were no dues 
outstanding on account of income tax, wealth tax, GST, service tax, sales tax, customs duty, excise duty and cess on 
account of dispute.
Annexure -1 to the Auditors’ Report
184
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 186]]
8) According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, there are no 
transactions that are not recorded in the books of accounts to be surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax 
assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961.
9) (i)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company has 
 not defaulted in repayment of dues to the bank.
 (ii)  The company has not been declared as a willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.
 (iii)   According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company 
 has applied the proceeds of the term loans obtained by it for the purpose for which it was obtained.
 (iv)   According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the funds 
 raised on a short term basis have not been utilised for long term purposes.
 (v)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the  
Company has not taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, 
 associates or joint ventures.
 (vi)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the  
Company has not raised any loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint ventures or 
 associate companies.
10) (i)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company 
has not made any Initial Public Offer during the year.
 (ii)  During the year, the company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or debentures during 
the year.
11) (i)  Based on the audit procedures performed for the purpose of reporting the true and fair view of the financial statements and 
as per the information and explanations given to us, we report that no material frauds on or by the company has been 
noticed or reported. 
 (ii)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, report under 
sub-Section (12) of Section 143 of the Companies Act has not been filed by the auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under 
Rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules 2014 with the Central Government.
 (iii)   According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company 
has not any whistle-blower complaints during the year.
12) The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting under clause (xii) of the Order is not applicable.
13) The transactions entered into with related parties are in compliance with section 177 & 188 of The Companies Act 2013  
 and the details have been disclosed in the financial statements as required by the applicable accounting standards.
14) (i)  The company has an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature of its business.
 (ii)  The reports of the Internal  Auditors for the period under audit has been considered.
15) The company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with directors or persons connected with directors, during the year.
16) The company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, Accordingly, clause 
3(xvi)(a) of the said order is not applicable.
17) The company has incurred cash loss of Rs. 1,23,37,000/- (Rupees One crore twenty three lakhs thirty seven thousand only) as 
cash losses during the financial year previous year Rs. 68,36,000/- (Rupees sixty eight lakhs thirty six thousand only) during the 
immediately preceding Financial Year covered in this audit.
18) There has not been any resignation by the statutory auditors of the company during the year. 
19) On the basis of the financial ratios, aging and expected dates of realization of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, 
other information accompanying the financial statements, the auditor’s knowledge of the Board of Directors and management 
plans, we are of the opinion that no material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that company is capable of 
meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance 
sheet date.
20) The provisions of the section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 is not applicable to the company, hence clause 3(xx)(a) and (b) of 
the said order is not applicable to the company.
185
SLPKG ESTATE HOLDINGS PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 187]]
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 
Act”) 
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of  (“the Company”) SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited
as of 31 March 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company for the year ended on that 
date. 
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls: 
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control 
over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India (‘ICAI’). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that 
were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company’s policies, 
the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013. 
Auditors’ Responsibility 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting (the 
“Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial 
Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we 
comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal 
financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material 
respects. 
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining 
an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing 
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected 
depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the 
Company’s internal financial controls system over financial reporting. 
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) 
Annexure – 2 to the Auditors’ Report 
For K. R. Kaamath & Co.
Chartered Accountants     
(CA Rohith Kamath)
    Proprietor
    M. No: 221737
    Firm Reg No: 012708S
       UDIN: 25221737BMOODL9465
Date: May 2 , 2026 5
Place: Bangalore
21) According to the information and explanations give to us and based on our examination of the records of the Company, There are 
no qualifications or adverse remarks by the respective auditors in the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order (CARO) reports of the 
companies included in the consolidated financial statements.
186
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 188]]
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the 
company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or 
improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the 
internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of 
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Opinion 
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting and 
such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at 31 March 2025, based on the internal control 
over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India.
For K. R. Kaamath & Co.
     Chartered Accountants
(CA Rohith Kamath)
    Proprietor
    M. No: 221737
    Firm Reg No: 012708S
       UDIN: 25221737BMOODL9465
Date: May 26, 2025
Place: Bangalore
187
SLPKG ESTATE HOLDINGS PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 189]]
BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
Particulars Note No As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
ASSETS
Non - current assets
(a) Other non current assets
Total on urrent ssetsn c a
Current assets
(a) Financial Assets
     Cash and cash equivalents(i) 
(b) Other Current assets
Total current assets
TOTAL ASSETS
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
(a) Share capital
(b) Other Equity
Total Equity
Liabilities
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Significant accounting policies and  notes attached 
form an integral part of the financial statements
3
4 (a)
5
6
7
50,836
50,836
113
-
113
50,949
1,000
(409,696)
(408,696)
50,949
1,2,14
to 19
I.
II.
53,656
53,656
3,494
3
10,497
64,153
1,000
(397,359)
(396,359)
64,153
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 20226, 5
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
     (ii) Other bank balances
Current liabilities
(a) Financial liabilities
( ) Borrowings
(b) Other current liabilities
Total Current Liabilities 459,645 460,512
4 ( ) b
8
9
- 7,000
87,300 87,300
372,345 373,212
I
I
Amount in ₹ ‘000 
188
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 190]]
STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
Other income
Expenses
Finance costs
Other expenses
Total expenses
Loss before tax (I - II)
Tax expense
Current tax
Loss for the year (III - IV)
Earning per equity share
Basic & diluted (in ₹)
Significant accounting policies and  notes attached form 
an integral part of the financial statements
10
11
12
13
100
11,349
1,088
12,437
(12,337)
-
(12,337)
(123.37)
549
11,349
(3,964)
7,385
(6,836)
-
(6,836)
(68.36)
1,2,14
to 19
I
II
III
IV
V
VI
Particulars Note No Current Year Previous Year
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 26, 2025
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
Amount in ₹ ‘000 
189
SLPKG ESTATE HOLDINGS PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 191]]
CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
Cash flows from operating activities
Loss before taxation
Adjustments for:
Finance costs
Decrease/(Increase) in other non current assets
Decrease/(Increase) in current assets
Increase/(Decrease) in non current liabilities
Increase/(Decrease) in other current liabilities
Net cash from operating activities
Net cash from investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Finance costs
Net cash from financing activities
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year
2,820
3
-
(867)
(11,349)
( )12,337
11,349
(1,088)
1,956
868
868
-
(11, )249
(10,381)
10,494
113
1,171
2
( )3,224
10,214
(11,349)
( )6,836
11,349
3,964
8,163
12,127
12,127
(1 )0,800
1,327
9,167
10,494
Amount in ₹ ‘000 
Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
-
Interest income
Interest Income 100 549
(549)
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 20226, 5
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
(100)
190
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 192]]
CHANGES IN EQUITY AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
(a) Share capital
Particulars As at March 31, 
2025
As at March 31, 
2024
Balance at the beginning of the year  1,000 900
Changes in equity share capital during the year  -    100 
Balance at the end of the year  1,000  1,000
(b) Other equity
Particulars Retained 
earnings
Total Other 
equity     
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2023  (390,523)  (390,523)
Add: Loss for the year  (6,836)  (6,836)
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2024  (397,359)  (397,359)
Add: Loss for the year  (12,337)  (12,337)
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2025  (409,696)  (409,696)
Amount in ₹ ‘000 
Amount in ₹ ‘000 
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 26, 2025
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
191
SLPKG ESTATE HOLDINGS PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 193]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
1. BACKGROUND:
 SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited ("the Company") was incorporated on December 2, 2014 and is a subsidiary of 
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited.The Company has been formed as Special Purpose Vehicle ("SPV") as per the restructuring 
terms.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
  The financial statements of the company have been prepared in accordance with IND AS as prescribed under Section 133 
 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and  
 subsequent amendments thereto.
  The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following assets and liabilities which 
 have been measured at fair value or revalued amount:
    f l .-     Freehold Land classified as Own assets and Leasehold Land classified as Assets taken on inance ease
  -  Certain financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (refer accounting policy regarding financial  instruments).
 2.2 USE OF ESTIMATES:
   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures.  Accordingly, 
actual results could differ from those estimates.
 2.3 ASSETS HELD FOR SALE:
  Assets held for sale are stated at the cost or estimated net realizable value whichever is lower.
 2.4 TAXES ON INCOME:
   Provision for current tax for the year is after taking cognizance of excess/short provision in prior years. Deferred tax
assets/liability is recognized, subject to consideration of prudence, on timing differences.
 2.5 IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS:
  An asset is treated as impaired when the carrying cost of asset exceeds its recoverable value.  An impairment loss, if any, 
is charged to profit and loss account, in the year in which an asset is identified as impaired.
 2.6 PROVISIONS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES:
  a. A provision is recognized when the Company has a present obligation as a result of past event and it is probable that 
outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, in respect of which reliable esti mate can be made.  
Provisions (excluding retirement benefits) are not discounted to its present value and are determined based on best 
estimate required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date.  These are reviewed at each balance sheet date 
and adjusted to reflect the current best estimates.
  b. Financial effect of contingent liabilities is disclosed based on information available upto the date on which financial 
statements are approved. However, where a reasonable estimate of financial effect cannot be made, suitable 
disclosures are made with regard to this fact and the existence and nature of the contingent liability.
 2.7 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:
  Financial assets and liabilities are recognized when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the 
instrument. Financial assets and liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value measured on initial recognition of 
financial asset or financial liability. 
  c e(i)  Cash and ash quivalents:
   c eCash and ash quivalents comprise cash and deposit with banks other than for term deposit earmarked for Bank 
Guarantee. The company considers all highly liquid investments including demand deposits with bank with an original 
maturity of three months or less and that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash to be cash equivalents.
192
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 194]]
  (ii) Financial assets at amortized cost:
   Financial assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost if these financial assets are held within a business 
whose objective is to hold these assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms of the 
financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding.
  (iii) Financial liabilities:
   Financial liabilities are subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method. For trade and other 
payables maturing within one year from the balance sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the 
short maturity of these instruments.
 
193
SLPKG ESTATE HOLDINGS PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 195]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Amount in ₹’000 
Particulars  As at March 31, 
2025
 As at March 31, 
2024
3 Other non current assets:
(i) Assets held for sale  50,836  50,836
(ii) Other receivables  47,054 48,804
Less: Provision for doubtful receivables  (47,054)  (46,000)
- 2,804
(iii) Advance Income Tax - 16
Total  50,836 53,656
4(a) Cash and cash equivalents:
(i) Balances with banks
 - in other accounts 113 3,494
113 3,494
4(b) Other bank balances:
(i) Balances with bank
- in short term deposits - 7,000
- 7,000
5 Other current assets:
Accrued interest on fixed deposits - 3
- 3
6 Share capital:
Particulars  As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
Number  ₹ Number  ₹ 
Authorized:
Preference shares of ₹ 10/- each  10,000  100  10,000 100
Equity shares of Rs.10/- each 100,000  1,000 100,000 1,000
 1,100  1,100
Issued, subscribed and fully paid up:
Preference shares of ₹ 10 /- each
At the beginning of the reporting period - -  10,000  100
Issued during the reporting period  -     -     -     -    
Redeemed during the reporting period
At the close of the reporting period - -
Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each
At the beginning of the reporting period 100,000 1,000  90,000  900
Issued during the reporting period
Bought back during the reporting period  -     -    
At the close of the reporting period 100,000 1,000 100,000 1,000
 1,000  1,000
-
 -    
-
-
 -    
-
 -     -    
 Amount in ₹’000 
 10,000 
 10,000 
 100
100
194
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 196]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Other Informat i o   n: 
1 Preference shares:    
a. The Company has issued non cumulative preference shares of ₹ 10/- each.  The preference shareholders do not have 
voting rights.    
b. Preference shares carry a dividend of 0.1%.    
c. The Company has redeemed 10000 Preference shares at Rs 10 per share during the previous year ended March 31,2024.
2 Equity shares:    
a. The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of ₹ 10/- each. Each holder of equityshares is 
entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of the equity shares will be entitled 
to receive the remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. T he distribution will be in 
proportion to the equity shares held by the shareholder.
b. Particulars of equity share holders holding more than 
5% of the total number of equity share capital:
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number Percentage Number Percentage 
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (Holding Company)  99,999 100% 99,999 100%
7 Other equity:
 Amount in ₹’000 
Particulars Retained 
earnings
Total other 
equity   
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2023  (390,523)  (390,523)
Add: Loss for the year  (6,836)  (6,836)
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2024  (397,359)  (397,359)
Add: Loss for the year  (12,337)  (12,337)
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2025  (409,696)  (409,696)
Particulars   As at 
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
8 Borrowings: 
Unsecured loans:
Other than banks
i)  Inter corporate deposits  87,300  87,300
 87,300  87,300
9 Other current liabilities:
b)  Interst accrued 62,541 52,326
c)  Other liabilities 20 28
d)  Statutory liability 1,135 1,135
372,345 373,212
c.
Shares held by promotors at the end of the year
Number Percentage Percentage of change during the year
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (Holding Company)  99,999 100% -
Shareholding of promotors
a)  Amount due to holding company 308,649 319,723
195
SLPKG ESTATE HOLDINGS PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 197]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Particulars  Current Year  Previous Year
10 Other income :
i)  Interest income on FD 99 549
100 549
11 Finance costs :
i)  Interest expenses  11,349  11,349
 11,349  11,349
12 Other expenses:
i)  Rates and taxes 4
ii)  Payment to auditors - as auditor 15 8
iii)  Professional charges 9 -
iv)  
b. Provision for doubtful trade receivable withdrawn -
v)  Insurance
(4,000)
vi)  Bank charges - -
1,088 (3,964)
13 Earnings per share:
(Basic and diluted)
Loss for the year after tax expense  (12,337)  (6,836)
Weighted average number of equity shares 100,000 100,000
Loss per share (in ₹)  (123.37)  (68.36)
14 SEGMENT REPORTING:     
 The Company is a SPV engaged in the realisation of fixed and current assets transferred from its holding company.  Since the 
Company’s business activity primarily falls within single business segment, no further disclosures required other than those 
given in the financial statements.    
15 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:    
 (a) List of related parties:
Sl. No. Name of the Related Party  Relationship 
1 Kirloskar Electric Company Limited  Holding Company 
2 Prakash Purushotham  
Director3 Vikas Kumar Gandhi
4
Anil Kumar Bhandari # 
a. Provision for doubtful trade receivable 1,054
6
11
 -    
(b) Transactions with related parties:
Amount in ₹’000 
Particulars  Relationship  Current Year  Previous Year 
Reimbrusement of expenses:
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
 Holding 
Company 42 35
Investment in Equity Shares:
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
 Holding 
Company - 100
 17  
Interest income on income tax refundii)  1
Karibasappa Kori $
5
Amount in ₹’000 
$ w.e.f  October 05, 2024
# up to September 20, 2024
196
-
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 198]]
(c) Outstanding balances at the end of the year:
Amount in ₹’000 
Particulars  Relationship   As at 
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
Amount due from Company:
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited  Holding 
Company 
308,649 319,723
16 The Company is taking active steps to dispose off the immoveable properties and current assets so taken over and pay the 
unpaid consideration to its holding company and repay other borrowings.          
18 
     
19 Previous year figures have been regrouped wherever necessary to confirm with current year presentation. 
The Board of Directors in its meeting held on June 28, 2024,  has approved the merger with the Holding company.  The Company 
has filled the application of Merger with NCLT, Bangalore Bench on October 31, 2024.
On April 24, 2025 NCLT Bangalore Bench issued order to send notices to various statutory departments to raise their objection, if 
any, within 30 days of receipt of notices. Accordingly notices has been sent on May 06, 2025 by the Company.
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
SLPKG Estate Holdings Private Limited
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 26, 2025
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
In respect of aggregate trade receivables transferred from the holding company and outstanding as at March 31, 2025 for more 
than 2 years amounting to ₹ Nil   (Previous year ₹ 2,804 thousand) net of provision.
17 
197
SLPKG ESTATE HOLDINGS PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 199]]
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF M/s. SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited 
Report on the IND AS Financial Statements:
Opinion:
We have audited the accompanying standalone IND AS financial statements of M/s. SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited (“the 
Company”), which comprises of the Balance Sheet as at 31 March, 2025 and the Statement of Profit and loss, the Cash Flow 
Statement, the statement for Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other 
explanatory information annexed thereto. 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone Ind AS 
financial statements give the information required by the Act, in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with 
the accounting principles generally accepted in India including the Ind AS, of the state of affairs of the company as at 31st March 
2025, and its loss and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.  
Basis for Opinion:
We conducted our audit of the IND AS financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing specified u/s 143(10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the Audit 
or the Financial Statements section of our report. We are Independent of the company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are r elevant to our audit of the 
standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our 
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and ICAI’s Code of Ethics.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained have sufficient and appropriate to provide basis for our audit opinion on 
Standalone IND AS financial statements.
Key Audit Matters:
Key audit matters are those matters that in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of standalone financial 
statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the Standalone 
Financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For 
each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have determined that there are no Key Audit Matters to communicate in our report.
Information other than the standalone financial statements and the auditors report thereon:
The company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of other information. The other information comprises the 
information included in the management discussion and analysis, Board’s Report, Business responsibility report, Corporate 
Governance and Shareholders Information, but does not include the standalone IND AS financial statements and our Auditors report 
thereon.
Our opinion on the standalone IND AS financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone IND AS financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone IND AS financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and in 
doing so, whether, the other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone IND AS financial statements or our knowledge 
obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.  
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is no material mis-statement of this other information, we required 
to report the fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Management’s Responsibility for the Ind AS Financial Statements:
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) with 
respect to the preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial 
performance and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS)  specified under section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding the assets of the company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of 
appropriate accounting policies, making judgements, and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
198
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 200]]
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the 
Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material mis-statement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless 
management either intends to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibility:
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a 
high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted is in accordance with SAs will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material  if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone 
IND AS financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the 
audit. We also:
1.  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone IND AS financial stat ements, whether due to fraud or 
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omission, mis-representation, or the override or  internal 
control
2.  Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on 
whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
3.  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the management.
4. Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone IND AS financial statements or, if such disclosures 
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained upto the date of our auditor’s 
report. However future events or conditions may cause the company to cease to continue as a going concern.
5. Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone IND AS financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the standalone IND AS financial statements represent the underlying transactions and event in a 
manner that achieves fair presentation.
6. Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the Company and its operations to express an 
opinion on the standalone financial statements. 
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the financial statements of such entities included in 
the standalone financial statements of which we are the independent auditors. For the other entities included in the standalone 
financial statements, which have been audited by the other auditors, such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, 
supervision and performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it 
probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the standalone financial statements may be influenced. 
We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of 
our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the standalone financial statements
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit 
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonable be thought to bear 
on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in 
the audit of the standalone financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these 
199
SKG TERRA PROMENADE PRIVATE LIMITED 
[[PAGE 201]]
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare 
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing 
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements:
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020, (“The Order”) issued by the Government of India, in terms of sub 
section (11) of section 143 of the Act. And on the basis of such checks of the books and records of the company as we 
considered appropriate and according to the information and explanations given to us, we give in the “Annexure 1”, a statement 
on the matters specified in the paragraphs 3 & 4 of the said order 
2. As required under Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
 a) we have sought and obtained all the information and explanations, which to the best of our knowledge and belief  were  
necessary for the purpose of our audit;
 b) in our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as appears from our 
examination of those books ;
 c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss, the Cash Flow Statement and the Stat ement of Changes in Equity 
dealt with by this report are in agreement with the books of accounts.
 d) in our opinion, the aforesaid standalone Ind AS financial statements comply with the accounting standards specified under 
section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014;
 e) on the basis of written representations received from the directors, taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of the 
directors is disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act as on 31st March 2025; and
 f) with respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in “Annexure 2”; and
 g) with respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with t he requirements of Section 
197(16) of the Act, as amended, we do not offer any comment on the remuneration paid by the company to its Directors as 
during the aforementioned period, no remuneration has been paid by the company to its Directors
 h) with respect to the other matters to be included in the auditor’s report in accordance with the Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit 
and Auditors) Rules, 2014 in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanation given to us:
  i. The Company does not have pending litigations, which would impact its Ind AS financial statements 
  ii. The company did not have any long term contracts and has not entered into any derivative contacts. Accordingly no 
provision is required to be recognized in the respect  of material foreseeable losses under applicable laws or accounting 
standards.
  iii. There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Pr otection Fund by the 
Company. 
 iv. (a) The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds(which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that t he Intermediary shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries; 
  (b) The Management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of  the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries;
  (c) Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), 
as provided under (i) and (ii) above, contain any material misstatement.
 v. The company had not proposed any divided during the previous year, no interim dividend was proposed or declared during 
the year and the Board of Directors have not proposed any dividend for the year which is required to be approved in the 
200
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 202]]
Annual General Meeting. In the light of these circumstances, we have not offered any comment upon the compliance under 
section 123 of the Act.
 vi. Based on our examination, which included test checks, the Company has used accounting softwares for maintaining its 
books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and 
the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the softwares. Further, during the course 
of our audit we did not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered with and the audit trail has been 
preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirements for record retention.
       Annexure -1 to the Auditors’ Report
Annexure referred to in paragraph 1 under the heading “Report on other legal and regulatory requirements” of our Report to the 
members of SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited, Bangalore
1) The company does not have any fixed assets during the period covered under audit, hence the clause 3(i) of the Order is not 
applicable
2) a) The inventories have been physically verified during the year by the management. In our opinion, the frequency of 
verification is reasonable.
 b) In our opinion and to the information and explanation given to us, the procedures of physical verification of inventories 
followed by the management are reasonable and adequate in relation to the size of the company and the nature of its 
business.
 c) The Company has maintained proper records of inventories. As explained to us, there were no material discrepancies 
noticed on physical verification of inventories as compared to the book records.
 d) In accordance to the explanation and information given to us, during the period covered under audit, as there are no 
outstanding to bank / financial institutions, there is no requirement to file any quarterly statements or returns to any lenders. 
Hence no comments are being offered on the same.
3) The company has not granted any loans during the year to the Companies, firms or other parties listed in the registered 
maintained under section 189 of the Act, the clause 3(iii) of the Order is not applicable
4) In accordance to the information provided and explanations given to us, the company has not granted loan, made investment, 
provided any guarantee or security hence comments required under clause 3(iv) has not been made here. 
5) The company has not accepted any deposits as applicable under the directives issued by the Reserve Bank of India and the 
provisions of sections 73 to 76 or any other provisions of the Act, and the rules framed thereunder. Accordingly, the provisions of 
Clause 3(v) of the said order are not applicable.
6) To the best of our knowledge and explanations given to us, the Central Government has not prescribed the maintenance of cost 
records under clause (d) of sub section (1) of section 148 of the Act for the products of the company. Accordingly, provisions of 
clause 3(vi) of the said order are not applicable.
7) a) According to the records of the Company, the Company is generally regular in depositing the undisputed statutory dues 
applicable to it to with the appropriate authorities. In terms of its books of accounts, no undisputed statutory dues payable in 
respect of provident fund, employees state insurance, income tax, wealth tax, GST, service tax, customs duty, excise duty, 
value added tax, cess, and any other undisputed statutory dues were outstanding, as at March 31, 2024 for a period of more 
than six months from the date they became payable.
 b) According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations given to us, there were no dues 
outstanding on account of income tax, wealth tax, GST, service tax, sales tax, customs duty, excise duty and cess on 
account of dispute.
8) According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, there are no 
transactions that are not recorded in the books of accounts to be surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax 
assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961.
For K. R. Kaamath & Co.
     Chartered Accountants
(CA Rohith Kamath)
    Proprietor
    M. No: 221737
    Firm Reg No: 012708S
       UDIN: 25221737BMOODN4683
Date: May 26, 2025
Place: Bangalore
201
SKG TERRA PROMENADE PRIVATE LIMITED 
[[PAGE 203]]
9) (i) According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company has 
not defaulted in repayment of dues to the bank.
 (ii) The company has not been declared as a willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.
 (iii)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company has 
applied the proceeds of the term loans obtained by it for the purpose for which it was obtained.
 (iv)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us the funds raised 
on a short term basis have not been utilised for long term purposes
 (v) According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the Company 
has not taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or 
joint ventures
 (vi)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the Company 
has not raised any loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate 
companies
10) (i) According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company has 
not made any Initial Public Offer during the year.
 (ii) During the year, the company has made allotment of shares and according to the records of the company and according to 
the information and explanations provided to us the requirements of the section 42 and section 62 of the Companies Act 
have been complied with and the funds so raised have been utilized for the purposes for which it has been raised
11) (i) Based on the audit procedures performed for the purpose of reporting the true and fair view of the financial statements and 
as per the information and explanations given to us, we report that no material frauds on or by the company has been noticed 
or reported. 
 (ii) According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, report under sub-
Section (12) of Section 143 of the Companies Act has not been filed by the auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under Rule 
13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules 2014 with the Central Government.
 (iii)  According to the records of the company and according to the information and explanations provided to us, the company has 
not any whistle-blower complaints during the year.
12) The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting under clause (xii) of the Order is not applicable
13) The transactions entered into with related parties are in compliance with section 177 & 188 of The Companies Act 2013 and the 
details have been disclosed in the financial statements as required by the applicable accounting standards.
14) (i) The company has an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature of its business.
 (ii) The reports of the Internal Auditors for the period under audit has been considered.
15) The company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with directors or persons connected with directors, during the year
16) The company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, Accordingly, clause 
3(xvi)(a) of the said order is not applicable.
17) The company has not incurred any cash losses during the financial year and for previous year Rs. 19,000/- (Rupees nineteen 
thousand only) during the immediately preceding Financial Year covered in this audit.
18) There has not been any resignation by the statutory auditors of the company during the year 
19) On the basis of the financial ratios, aging and expected dates of realization of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, 
other information accompanying the financial statements, the auditor’s knowledge of the Board of Directors and management 
plans, we are of the opinion that no material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that company is capable of 
meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance 
sheet date 
20) The provisions of the section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 is not applicable to the company, hence clause 3(xx)(a) and (b) of 
the said order is not applicable to the company.
21)  According to the information and explanations give to us and based on our examination of the records of the Company, There 
are no qualifications or adverse remarks by the respective auditors in the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order (CARO) reports 
of the companies included in the consolidated financial statements 
202
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 204]]
       Annexure – 2 to the Auditors Report 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited (“the Company”) as 
of 31 March 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company for the year ended on that date. 
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls: 
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control 
over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India (‘ICAI’). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that 
were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company’s policies, 
the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013. 
Auditors Responsibility 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting (the 
“Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial 
Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that 
we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate 
internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all 
material respects. 
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, 
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures 
selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the standalone 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the 
Company’s internal financial controls system over financial reporting. 
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting 
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) 
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the 
company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or 
improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the 
internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of 
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
For K. R. Kaamath & Co.
     Chartered Accountants
(CA Rohith Kamath)
    Proprietor
    M. No: 221737
    Firm Reg No: 012708S
       UDIN: 25221737BMOODN4683
Date: May 26, 2025
Place: Bangalore
203
SKG TERRA PROMENADE PRIVATE LIMITED 
[[PAGE 205]]
Opinion 
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting and 
such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at 31 March 2025, based on the internal control 
over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India.
For K. R. Kaamath & Co.
     Chartered Accountants
(CA Rohith Kamath)
    Proprietor
    M. No: 221737
    Firm Reg No: 012708S
       UDIN: 25221737BMOODN4683
Date: May 2 , 2026 5
Place: Bangalore
204
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 206]]
BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
Particulars Note No. As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
ASSETS
Non - current assets
(a) Other non current assets
Total non current assets
Current assets
(a) Financial assets
     (i) Cash and cash equivalents
(b) Other current assets
Total current assets
TOTAL ASSETS
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
(a) Share capital
(b) Other equity
Total equity
Liabilities
Current liabilities
(a) Other current liabilities
(b) Short term provisions
Total current liabilities
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Significant accounting policies and  notes attached 
form an integral part of the financial statements
3
4
5
6
7
8
54,856
1,2,12
to 16
I.
II.
Amount in ₹’000
54,856
54,856
22
1,728
1,750
56,606
200
(163,149)
(162,949)
219,555
219,555
56,606
54,856
197
10
207
55,063
200
(163,748)
(163,548)
218,611
218,611
55,063
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited   
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 26, 2025
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
205
--
SKG TERRA PROMENADE PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 207]]
STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
    Amount in ₹’000
Particulars Note No.  Current Year  Previous Year 
I Other income 9 112 -
112 -
II Expenses
10 47   19Other expenses
Total expenses 47 19
III Profit/(Loss) before tax (I - II) 65 (19)
IV Tax expense:
Earlier year tax  664   -   
V Loss for the year (III - IV) (599) (19)
VI Earning per equity share: 11
Basic & diluted (in ₹) 3.25 (1.90)
Significant accounting policies and  notes attached form an integral part 
of the financial statements
1, 2, 12
to 16
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited   
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 20226, 5
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
206
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 208]]
CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before taxation
Adjustments for:
Interest income
65 (19)
Increase/(decrease) in  other current liabilities
 (112) -
Increase/(decrease) in  other current assets
 (47) (19)
Net cash from operating activities
 (731)
Cash flows from investing activities
Net cash from financing activities  -    
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents
175  (750)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of 
the period
22 772
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the 
period
197 22
 Amount in ₹’000
Interest received
774
(750)
(944)
1,718
112
(112)
Income taxes paid (664)
63
112Net cash from investing activities
 -    
(731)
-
-
 -    
 -    
 -    
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited   
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 26, 2025
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
207
SKG TERRA PROMENADE PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 209]]
 CHANGES IN EQUITY AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
(a) Equity share capital
 Amount in ₹’000 
Particulars As at March 31, 
2025
As at March 31, 
2024
Balance at the beginning of the year 200  100
Changes in equity share capital during the year  -   100
Balance at the end of the year 200 200
(b) Other equity
Particulars Retained 
earnings
Total other 
equity     
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2023  (163,130)  (163,130)
Add: Loss for the year (19) (19)
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2024  (163,149)  (163,149)
Add: Loss for the year  (599)  (599) 
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2025  (163,748)  (163,748)
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited   
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 20226, 5
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
208
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 210]]
1. BACKGROUND:
 SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited ("the Company") was incorporated on December 3, 2014 and is a subsidiary of Kirloskar 
Electric Company Limited.  The Company has been formed as Special Purpose Vehicle ("SPV") as per the restructuring terms.
2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
  The financial statements of the company have been prepared in accordance with IND AS as prescribed under Section 133 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and 
subsequent amendments thereto.
  The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following assets and liabilities which 
have been measured at fair value or revalued amount:
  -    Freehold Land classified as own assets and leasehold land classified as assets taken on finance lease
  -    Certain financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (refer accounting policy r egarding financial instruments).
 2.2 USE OF ESTIMATES:
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles requires 
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures.  Accordingly, 
actual results could differ from those estimates.
 2.3 ASSETS HELD FOR SALE:
  Assets held for sale are stated at the cost or estimated net realizable value whichever is lower.
 2.4 TAXES ON INCOME:
  Provision for current tax for the year is after taking cognizance of excess/short provision in prior years. Deferred tax 
assets/liability is recognized, subject to consideration of prudence, on timing differences.
 2.5 IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS:
  An asset is treated as impaired when the carrying cost of asset exceeds its recoverable value.  An impairment loss, if any, is 
charged to profit and loss account, in the year in which an asset is identified as impaired.
 2.6 PROVISIONS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES:
  A provision is recognized when the Company has a present obligation as a result of past event and it is probable that 
outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, in respect of which reliable estimate can be made.  Provisions 
(excluding retirement benefits) are not discounted to its present value and are determined based on best estimate required 
to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date.  These are reviewed at each balance sheet date and adjusted to reflect 
the current best estimates.
  Financial effect of contingent liabilities is disclosed based on information available upto the date on which financial 
statements are approved. However, where a reasonable estimate of financial effect cannot be made, suitable disclosures 
are made with regard to this fact and the existence and nature of the contingent liability.
 2.7 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:
  Financial assets and liabilities are recognized when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the 
instrument. Financial assets and liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value measured on initial recognition of 
financial asset or financial liability. 
  (i)  Cash and cash equivalents:
   Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash and deposit with banks other than for term deposit earmarked for Bank 
Guarantee. The company considers all highly liquid investments including demand deposits with bank with an original 
maturity of three months or less and that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash to be cash equivalents.
  (ii) Financial assets at amortized cost:
   Financial assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost if these financial assets are held within a business 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
209
SKG TERRA PROMENADE PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 211]]
whose objective is to hold these assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms of the 
financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount .
  (iii) :Financial liabilities
   Financial liabilities are subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method. For trade and other 
payables maturing within one year from the balance sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the 
short maturity of these instruments.
 Amount in ₹’000 
Particulars  As at March 31, 
2025
 As at March 31, 
2024
3. Other non current assets:
Assets Held for sale  54,856  54,856
Total  54,856  54,856
4. Cash and cash equivalents:
Balances with banks
 - in other accounts 197 22
Total 197 22
5. Other Current Assets:
TDS Receivable -  1,728
Total 10  1,728
6. Share capital:
Particulars  As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024
Number  ₹’000  Number  ₹’000 
Authorized:
Preference shares of ₹ 10/- each  10,000  100  10,000  100
Equity shares of ₹  10/- each  90,000  900  90,000  900
 1,000  1,000
Issued, subscribed and fully paid up:
Preference shares of ₹ 10 /- each
 At the beginning of the reporting period - -  10,000  100
 Issued during the reporting period  -     -     -     -    
   Redeemed during the reporting period
   At the close of the reporting period
-
- -
Equity shares of ₹ 10/- each
 At the beginning of the reporting period 20,000 200  10,000  100
 Issued during the reporting period
 Bought back during the reporting period  -     -    
 At the close of the reporting period  20,000 200 20,000 200
Total  200  200
-
 -    
- -
Security deposit 10 -
-
-
 10,000 
 10,000 
 100
-
Other Informat i o   n: 
1 Preference shares:    
a. The Company has issued non cumulative preference shares of ₹ 10/- each.  The preference shareholders do not have 
voting rights.    
b. Preference shares carry a dividend of 0.1%.    
 100
210
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 212]]
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
2 Equity shares:    
a. The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of ₹ 10/- each. Each holder of equity shares is 
entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of the equity shares will be entitled 
to receive the remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. T he distribution will be in 
proportion to the equity shares held by the shareholder.
b. Particulars of equity share holders holding more than 
5% of the total number of equity share capital:
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Number Percentage Number Percentage 
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (Holding Company)  19,999 100%  19,999 100%
7. Other Equity:
 Amount in ₹’000 
Particulars Retained 
earnings
Total Other 
equity   
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2023  (163,130)  (163,130)
Add: Loss for the year (19)  (19)
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2024  (163,149)  (163,149)
Add: Loss for the year  (599)  (599) 
Total comprehensive income as at March 31, 2025  (163,748)  (163,748)
Particulars  As at  
March 31, 2025
 As at  
March 31, 2024
8. Other current liabilites:
a)  Amount due to holding company  218,592  219,534
b)  Other liabilities 19  21
 218,611  219,555
Current Year Previous Year
9. Other Income:
Interest on income tax refund 112
10. Other expenses:
i)  Rates and taxes 24
ii)  Payment to auditors - as auditor  15 15
-
-112
3
Particulars
c.
Shares held by promotors at the end of the year
Number Percentage Percentage of change during the year
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited (Holding Company) 19,999 100% -
Shareholding of promotors
iii)  Insurance charges -
 -iv)  Professional fees
-v)  Bank charges -
47 19
8
1
11. Earnings per share:
(Basic and diluted)
Profit/(loss) for the year after tax expense 65 (19)
Weighted average number of equity shares 20,000  10,000 
Profit/(loss) per share (in ₹) 3.25 (1.90)
c. The Company has redeemed 10,000 Preference shares at Rs 10 per share during the previous year ended March 31, 2024.
211
SKG TERRA PROMENADE PRIVATE LIMITED
[[PAGE 213]]
12. SEGMENT REPORTING:     
 The Company is a SPV engaged in the realisation of fixed and current assets transfered from its holding company.  Since the 
Company’s business activity primarily falls within single business segment, no further disclosures required other than those 
given in the financial statements.
13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS: 
 (a) List of related parties:
Sl. No. Name of the Related Party  Relationship 
1 Kirloskar Electric Company Limited  Holding Company 
2 Prakash Purushotham  
Director3 Vikas Kumar Gandhi
4 Ashok Mishra
 
(b) Transactions with related parties: Amount in ₹’000
Particulars  Relationship  Current Year  Previous Year 
Reimbrusement of expenses:
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
 Holding 
Company 48 18
 
(c) Outstanding balances at the end of the year:
Amount in ₹’000
Particulars  Relationship  As at March 
31, 2025
 As at March 
31, 2024
Amount due from Company:
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
 Holding 
Company 218,592
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Investment in Equity Shares:
Kirloskar Electric Company Limited
 Holding 
Company - 100
219,534
14. The Company is taking active steps to dispose off the remaining immoveable properties so taken over and pay the unpaid 
consideration to its holding company and repay the holding company's borrowings from bank.
15. The Board of Directors in its meeting held on June 28, 2024, has approved the merger with the Holding company.  The Company 
has filled the application of Merger with NCLT, Bangalore Bench on October 31, 2024. 
 On April 24, 2025 NCLT Bangalore Bench issued order to send notices to various statutory departments to raise their objection, if 
any, within 30 days of receipt of notices. Accordingly notices has been sent on May 06, 2025 by the Company.
16. Previous years figures have been regrouped wherever required in conformity with current year presentation.
In Accordance with our report attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
SKG Terra Promenade Private Limited   
For K.R.Kamath & Co
Chartered Accountants  
CA. Rohith Kamath
Proprietor
M. No. 221737
FRN: 012708S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 20226, 5
Vikas Kumar Gandhi
Director
DIN:07104367
Prakash Purushotham
Director
DIN:07199035
212
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 214]]
213
Financial statements of the year 2024-25
KIRSONS B.V. TE AMSTERDAM
[[PAGE 215]]
214
1.  BALANCE SHEET AS PER MARCH 31, 2025
(after appropriation of the result)
Particulars Sl no. March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 €  € 
ASSETS
Fixed assets
Intangible ﬁxed assets 1 0.00 0.00
Intellectual property
Current assets
Receivables 3
Loans and advancements to subsidiaries 0.00 471,566.28
Tax receivables 62.49 62.49
Prepaid expenses 1,103.16 1,103.16
1,165.65  472,731.93 
TOTAL 1,165.65 472,731.93
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Shareholders' equity 4
Issued and paid up share capital 260,200.00 260,200.00
Share premium 30,935,543.55 30,935,543.55
Other reserves -31,239,906.10 -30,859,817.43
-44,162.55  335,926.12
Current liabilities 5
Accounts payable  40,928.20  40,928.20 
Accruals 4,400.00  95,877.61 
45,328.00  136,805.81 
TOTAL 1,165.65  472,731.93
2. PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT FOR THE PERIOD APRIL 1, 2024 TILL MARCH 31,2025
Particulars Sl no. March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 €  € 
Costs
Operating costs 7 463,033.46 1,000.00
463,033.46 1,000.00
Operating result -380,088.67 -1,000.00
Result ordinary activities before taxation -380,088.67 -2,458.11
Taxation - -
Net result for the year -380,088.67 -2458.11
 
Financial result 8 0.00 1,458.11
Other income
Write-backs of liabilities 6 82,944.79
82,944.79 0.00
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 216]]
3. PRINCIPLES FOR VALUATION AND DETERMINATION OF THE RESULT
GENERAL INFORMATION
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Title 9, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.
The valuation of assets and liabilities and the determination of the result occurs under the historical costs convention. Unless 
presented otherwise assets and liabiliities are stated at face value. Income and expenses are accounted for on accrual basis. Profit 
is only included if and when realized on balance sheet date. Losses originating before the end of the financial year are taken into 
account if and when these are known before finalizing the financial statements.
Place of business
Kirsons B.V. (registered at the Chamber of Commerce under number 34308680) is actually established at Evert van de Beekstraat 
104 in Schiphol (Netherlands).
Groupcompanies
The company forms part of a group, of which Kirsons B.V. in Amsterdam is at the head. The group consists futhermore of Lloyd 
Dynamowerke GmbH & Co. KG in Bremen (Germany) and Lloyd Beteiligungs-GmbH in Bremen (Germany).
Consolidation
Based upon the exemption stated in article 408, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code the company does not prepare consolidated financial 
statements. The company's financial statements as well as those of its subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial 
statements of Kirloskar Electric Company Limited in Bangalore, India.
3.1 PRINCIPLES FOR THE VALUATION OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Intangible fixed assets
The intangible fixed assets are valued at cost price and diminished with straight line depreciation and downward value adjustments.
Financial fixed assets
The participations in the subsidiaries are valued at cost price according to Dutch reporting guideline RJ 214.325 since the exemption 
of article 408, Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code is applied. If necessary a provision for reduction in value is taken into account.
Receivables
Upon initial recognition the receivables are accounted for at face value. Provisions deemed necessary for doubtful accounts are 
deducted. These provisions are determined by individual assessment of the receivables.
Cash
Cash in hand and at the bank are accounted for at face value.
Current liabilities
Current liabilities are stated at face value.
PRINCIPLES FOR THE DETERMINATION OF THE RESULT
Costs
Operating costs are taken into account in the period to which they relate, if necessary by means of accruals.
Depreciation costs
Intangible fixed assets including goodwill and tangible fixed assets are being depreciated from the moment of putting into operation 
based upon the expected economical useful life of each net asset. Downward value adjustments are here taken into account.
Financial result
The interest income and interest expenses relate to in this financial year received and paid interest of issued and received loans.
Taxation
Corporation tax is calculated at the applicable rate on the result for the financial year, taking into account differences between profit 
calculated according to the financial statements and profit calculated for taxation purposes.
215
KIRSONS B.V. TE AMSTERDAM
[[PAGE 217]]
216
4.  NOTES TO THE BALANCE SHEET AS PER MARCH 31, 2025
 ASSETS
 FIXED ASSETS
 1.  Intangible ﬁxed assets
Intellectual 
property
 € 
Bookvalue as per April 1, 2024 0.00
Depreciation 0.00
Downward  value  adjustments 0.00
Bookvalue as per March 31, 2025 0.00
Acquisition price 1,270,000.00
Accumulated depreciation -1,270,000.00
Bookvalue as per March 31, 2025 -
Rate  of  depreciation %
Intellectual property 10
 2.  Financial ﬁxed assets
31.03.2025 31.03.2024
 €  € 
Subsidiaries
Lloyd Dynamowerke GmbH & Co. KG te Bremen 
(Germany) (94,89%)
- -
Lloyd Beteiligung GmbH te Bremen (Germany) (100,00%) - -
01-04-2024 till 31-03-2025 01-04-2023 till 31-03-2024
 €  € 
Lloyd  Dynamowerke  GmbH  &  Co.  KG
Account balance as per April 1 30,081,211.75 30,081,211.75
Movements - -
30,081,211.75 30,081,211.75
Provision  in  connection  with  insolvency -30,081,211.75 -30,081,211.75
Account balance as per March 31 0.00 0.00
Lloyd  Beteiligung  GmbH
Account balance as per April 1 33,937.02 33,937.02
Movements - -
33,937.02 33,937.02
Provision  in  connection  with  insolvency -33,937.02 -33,937.02
Account balance as per March 31 0.00 0.00
 In view of regular insolvency proceedings ongoing at Lloyd Dynamowerke GmbH & Co. KG in Bremen (Germany) and 
by way of precaution the investment is fully provided for. The managing board has initiated several legal steps for the 
recovery of the investment. Because Lloyd Beteiligung GmbH in Bremen (Germany) is a partner of Lloyd Dynamowerke 
GmbH  & Co.  KG  and  also  by  way  op  precaution  the  investment  is  fully  provided  for.
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 218]]
CURRENT ASSETS
3.  Receivables
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 €  € 
Loans and advancements to subsidiaries 0.00 125,134.68
Lloyd  Dynamowerke  GmbH  &  Co.  KG,  shareholders 0.00 346,431.60
0.00 471,566.28
 Because of  the  insolvency  proceedings  ongoing  at  Lloyd  Dynamowerke  GmbH  &  Co.  KG  the  company  can not  claim repayments  
on the shareholders loan and      the accounts receivable as agreed upon in previous years. Provisions are made in             connection 
with  this  insolvency.    
 Lloyd  Dynamowerke  GmbH  & Co.  KG,  shareholders’  loan
01-04-2024 till 31-03-2025 01-04-2023 till 31-03-2024
 €  € 
Account balance as per April 1 625,673.41 625,673.41
Movements - -
625,673.41 625,673.41
Provision  in  connection  with  insolvency -625,673.41 -500,538.73
Account balance as per March 31 0.00 125,134.68
Lloyd  Dynamowerke  GmbH  &  Co.  KG,  accounts  receivable
Account balance as per April 1 1,732,158.00 1,732,158.00
Movements - -
1,732,158.00 1,732,158.00
Provision  in  connection  with  insolvency -1,732,158.00 -1,385,726.40
Account balance as per March 31 0.00 346,431.60
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 €  € 
Tax receivables
Value Added Tax 62.49 62.49
Prepaid expenses
Deposit  rent  254.00  254.00 
Miscellaneous 849.16 849.16
1,103.16 1,103.16
217
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
4.  Shareholders’ equity
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 €  € 
Issued and paid up share capital
2.602 ordinary shares each of a nominal value of € 100 260,200.00 260,200.00
The authorised capital of the company amounts to € 390.000 consisting of 3.900 ordinary shares each of a nominal value 
of € 100.
KIRSONS B.V. TE AMSTERDAM
[[PAGE 219]]
01-04-2024 till 31-03-2025 01-04-2023 till 31-03-2024
 €  € 
Share premium
Account balance as per April 1 30,935,543.55 30,935,543.55
Movements - -
Account balance as per March 31 30,935,543.55 30,935,543.55
Other reserves
Account balance as per April 1 -30,859,817.43 -30,856,359.32
Net  result -380,088.67 -2,458.11
Account balance as per March 31 -31,239,906.10 -30,859,817.43
5.  Current liabilities
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 €  € 
Accounts payable
Accounts payable to creditors 928.20 928.20
Accounts  payable  Kirloskar  Electric  Company  Limited 40,000.00 40,000.00
40,928.20 40,928.20
Accruals and deferred liabilities
Accruals
Audit fee 4,000.00 8,000.00
Legal expenses, consultancy charges and tax matters 400.00 4,932.82
Loan Kirsons Trading Pte Ltd. (Singapore) 0.00 82,944.79
4,400.00 95,877.61
OFF BALANCE COMMITMENTS
Subsequent events after balance sheet date
There  have  not  been  any  subsequent  events  after  balance  sheet  date  with  major  ﬁnancial  consequences.
Financial commitments for more than one year
There  are  no  claims,  obligations  and  settlements  which  are  not  accounted  for  in  the  balance  sheet.
218
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 220]]
 NOTES TO THE PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT FOR THE PERIO D APRIL 1, 2024 TILL MARCH 31, 2025
 Number  of  employees
 During  the  year  2024-2025  t h   e      company  did  not  engage  any  emp  loyees.  
219
7.  General expenses
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 €  € 
Tax advise, VAT and corporate tax -8,532.82  1,000.00 
Audit fee 471,566.28
Rounding oﬀ  -    -   
4,63,033.46 1,000.00
8.     Financial result
Bank charges - 1,458.11
- 1,458.11
5.  
6.  Write-backs of liabilities
Unclimed balance written off
Loan Kirsons Trading Pte Ltd. (Singapore) has been written back
82,944.79 -
82,944.79  -   
KIRSONS B.V. TE AMSTERDAM
[[PAGE 221]]
220
Statement on Impact of Audit Qualiﬁcations (for Audit Report with modiﬁed opinion) submitted along-with Annual 
Audited Financial Results - (Standalone)
Statement on Impact of Audit Qualiﬁcations for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025
[See Regulation 33 / 52 of the SEBI (LODR) (Amendment) Regulations, 2016]
I. Sl.
No.
Particulars Audited Figures
(as reported
before adjusting
for qualiﬁcations)
(  in Lakhs)₹
Adjusted Figures
(audited ﬁgures after
adjusting for
qualiﬁcations)
(  in Lakhs)₹
1. Turnover / Total income 55,075 55,075
2. Total Expenditure 54,327 54,327
3. Net Proﬁt/(Loss) 1,725 1,725
4. Earnings Per Share 2.60 2.60
5. Total Assets 62,255 62,255
6. Total Liabilities 47,123 47,123
7. Net Worth 15,132 15,132
8. Any other ﬁnancial item(s) (as felt appropriate by the
management)
Nil Nil
II. Audit Qualiﬁcation (each Audit Qualiﬁcation separately):
a. Details of Audit Qualiﬁcation:
b. Type of Audit Qualiﬁcation : Qualiﬁed Opinion
c. Frequency of qualiﬁcation: Repetitive
d.  For Audit Qualiﬁcation(s) where the impact is quantiﬁed by the aud itor, Management  ’s Views: 
Not Applicable
e. For Audit Qualiﬁcation(s) where the impact is not quantiﬁed by the auditor:
(i) Management’s estimation on the impact of audit qualiﬁcation:
 The se subsidiaries are taking active steps to repay the dues of the Company, from collection of book 
debts assigned and from disposal of immovable properties transferred apart from debts transferred as 
referred above. The board of directors are conﬁdent of realisation of the entire amounts due from the said 
subsidiaries or realizing much more amount from the sale of immovable properties.
(ii) If management is unable to estimate the impact, reasons for the same:
  Same as Above comment.
(iii) Auditors’ Comments on (i) or (ii) above:
  Same as Above in Point a
III. Signatories:
• Executive Chairman: Vijay R Kirloskar
• CFO: Sanjeev Kumar S
• Audit Committee Chairman: Suresh Kumar
• Statutory Auditor:  A.Umesh Patwardhan, Mem. No.222945
     K N Prabhashankar & Co.,
     Chartered Accountants
     Firm Regn. No.0004982S
Place: Bengaluru
Date: May 28, 2025
Attention of the Directors is invited to note 4 to the audited financial results regarding amounts due to the Company 
from certain subsidiaries towards part consideration receivable on sale and assignment of certain immovable 
properties, receivables, interest charged and expenses reimbursed. We have relied on the management's 
representations that it is confident of realization of amounts due to the said subsidiaries aggregating to  11,006.09 ₹
lakhs (  11,153.84 lakhs as of March 31, 2024) against which provision is recognized for an amount of 9,711.00 ₹ ₹ 
lakhs. Pending disposals/realization of assets by the subsidiaries, shortfall in realization of the amount outstanding 
(net of provision), if any, could not be ascertained.
SEVENTY EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT 2024-25
[[PAGE 222]]
1400Kw, 11kv, 1000RPM, MPAF500HCSPL – HT Motor
1800kw, 8P, 6.6KV, MPA560HW – HT Motor
[[PAGE 223]]

