[[PAGE 1]]
KIRLOSKAR ELECTRIC COMPANY LTD.,   
  
Regd. Office: No. 19, 2nd Main Road, Peenya 1st Stage, Phase -1, Peenya, Bengaluru, Karnataka, 560058 
T+91 80 2839 7256, F +91 80 2839 6727; Email Id: investors@kirloskarelectric.com 
Customer care No. : 1800 102 8268, website: www.kirloskarelectric.com 
CIN: L31100KA1946PLC000415 
Transcript of 77th Annual General Meeting of Kirloskar Electric Company Limited held on 
Monday, 16th day of September 2024 at 11.00 AM through video conferencing 
 
Moderator : Dear shareholders, good morning. Welcome to the 77th Annual 
General Meeting of Kirloskar Electric Company Limited. For the smooth 
conduct of the meeting, the members will be on mute mode and audio 
and video will be switched on when they will speak at the AGM as per 
the pre -registration. Please also note that the transcript of the AGM 
will be provided on the website of the Company. I now hand over the 
proceedings to Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar , Executive Chairman of Kirloskar 
Electric Company Limited. Over to you, sir. 
   
Mr. Vijay R. Kirloskar 
Executive Chairman 
: Thank you. Good morning, m y fellow shareholders, and we all 
welcome you to the 77th Annual General Meeting of Kirloskar Electric. 
I am very happy to inform you today that we have a full board here 
except for Mr. Agarwal and Dr. Ranga Na yak. And of course, Ashok 
Misra. But otherwise , we have a full board. Before we commence to 
the actual AGM, I would like to introduce our new directors, Mr. Saad 
Bin Jung, who is there. Then, M s. Rukmini Kirloskar a nd Mr. Shanth 
Kumar. 
 
We’d also like to take this opportunity to say goodbye to our dir ectors 
who have fulfilled their ten -year term and probably more than that, 
because they were all on the board of your company before the laws 
of the Company Law and SEBI. 
 
So I'd like to say again, even by name, Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi. He's been 
a stalwart. He's been with the family and the companies ever since he 
and my father, Mr. Ravi Kirloskar met and he stayed on and he's been a 
right-hand man for me to discuss many things, opportunities, 
problems, etc., 
 
The same way we have Mr. S. N. Agarwal, who is not here today, but 
he's on VC. Another old friend and a name in Bangalore as a good 
industrialist. He also has been with me and then on to Kirloskar 
Electric. And he's also put in his ten -year term. And therefore, will be 
retiring at the end of this AGM, on 21st September.  
[[PAGE 2]]
2 
 
We also have Mr. Anil Bhandari, again, a schoolmate of mine, very big 
coffee planter, very good friend, and a very good family friend, who 
will also be retiring today.  
 
All of them will be retiring by 21st September. So, this will be thei r last 
AGM. We would like to wish them a happy life and more challenges 
and more opportunities. Of course, they also became my personal 
friends. So, I will continue to keep in touch with them. And not only 
that, I think their wives have become personal friends with my wife. So 
that's how good it is.  
 
The new directors also I've introduced, Saad Bin Jung, is an 
environmentalist, conservationist, and a great family lover, and comes 
from a very, very noted family. In addition to that, a noted cricketer, of 
course, sometimes bad. But, he’s the only one who could hit the West 
Indies for 113 runs in his first match against the West Indies.  
 
Similarly, we have Dr. Ranga Nayak, who is a heart specialist. He is on 
call somewhere outside India. So we should also welcome him here.  
 
Rukmini, my daughter, is also coming, and she's my next generation. 
And we wish her a lot of good luck here, and also happy landings, and 
take this company to bigger heights.  
 
Mr. Shanth Kumar, who needs no introduction, because he is on the 
board of Deccan Herald. And Deccan Herald is known as a newspaper 
and a publishing company all over India, and otherwise also. Also, a 
noted photographer. So I think we have a nice new board, a good 
transition board that we will have, with very excitin g things to happen 
in the future.  
 
So next I'd like to call this meeting, of course, to order, and I will ask 
the secretary to read the Notice of the meeting. Can we take it as 
read? Yes.  
 
I'd like to introduce again our directors. We have Mrs. Meena Kirloskar, 
Mr. Anil Bhandari, Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Mr. Ravi Ghai, M s. Rukmini 
Kirloskar, Mr. Suresh Kumar and Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi. Our MD is here, 
who is, of course, none other than Anand Hunnur, who is an old hand 
in KEC.  
 
And now I'll ask the Secretary to rea d the Notice. Can we take it as 
read, or do you have to read the first line and the last line? Okay. 
   
[[PAGE 3]]
3 
Mr. Mahabaleshwar 
Bhat, Company 
Secretary  
 
: Good morning, everyone. The company has engaged in the service of 
CDSL to provide remote e-voting facility and e-voting facility during the 
AGM. The facility for joining this meeting through video conference or 
other audio-visual means is made available to the members on a first -
come, first-served basis. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel, the Register of Contracts or Arrangements, and other 
documents mentioned in the AGM Notice have been made available 
for inspection by members during this AGM. Members seeking to 
inspect any of these documents can send the request to the company's 
email address. 
  
As the AGM is being held through video conferencing, the facility for 
appointment of proxies is not applicable. Members who have joined 
this meeting, by default, will be placed on mute to avoid disturbance 
from background noise. The Notice of the  77th Annual General 
Meeting and the Annual Report, including standalone and consolidated 
financial statements for the year 31st March 2024, along with Board 
Reports and Auditors Reports, have all been sent through electronic 
mode to those members whose em ail addresses are registered with 
the company or with respective depositories. These documents also 
have been made available on the company's website.  
 
The company has provided the facility to cast votes electronically on all 
the resolutions set forth in the Notice. The remote e -voting period 
started on Thursday, September 12, 2024 from 9 a.m. and ended on 
Saturday, September 15, 2024 at 5 p.m. Members who have not cast 
their votes and who are participating in this meeting, will have an 
opportunity to cast  their votes at the end of this meeting through the 
e-voting system provided by CDSL. Members may please note that 
there will be no voting by show of hands. Members are requested to 
refer to the instructions provided in the Notice for the seamless 
participation through video conference and also for voting. In case 
members face any difficulty, they may reach out on the helpline 
numbers provided in the Notice of AGM. Members may please note 
that this AGM is being recorded. The company has taken all feasible 
efforts to enable the members to participate through video conference 
and vote at the AGM. I thank all the members, board of directors, 
auditors for joining this meeting.  
 
Now, I request Chairman sir to address shareholders. Thank you. 
   
Mr. Vijay R. Kirloskar : My fellow shareholders, I have a little problem with my eyes. So, I am 
requesting the MD to read out my speech please, and add whatever he 
feels necessary, because he runs the business. 
   
[[PAGE 4]]
4 
Mr. Anand B Hunnur 
Managing Director 
: Good morning, everybody. On behalf of our Executive Chairman, I take 
this opportunity to read the Chairman's message, and going forward, 
share some few insights of the business we are in.  
 
We are pleased to present 77th Annual Report of Kirloskar Electric 
Company for the  year 2023 -24 on behalf of our board of directors. 
Despite a very challenging operating environment, continuous changes 
in market dynamics, we have delivered very positive financial results 
and we still continue to create value for all our stakeholders. As  the 
Chairman of your company, we are privileged to reflect on our couple 
of achievements, challenges and the way forward in this dynamic 
industry.  
 
Like all of us are aware, similar to other sectors, our industry also is 
undergoing a swift progression, change in technology, rapid changes in 
manufacturing operations etc. Throughout the year, in the face of 
uncertain economic conditions, continuous ups and downs in the 
market, requirements for various products across many core sectors, 
we have overcome the obstacles with tenacity and flexibility. The 
dynamic landscape of digitalization presents us with various 
opportunities and challenges which encourage us to adapt and 
advance in our future goals. We continue to upgrade the technology of 
our products, slow but steady, from time to time, to meet the market 
requirements and to keep our standing in the industry. 
  
Three main pillars that were at the centre of our efforts were: 1) 
enhanced capacity utilization, 2) second cost optimization and 3) to 
step up our efforts on export focus. These three main key criteria have 
shaped our decisions and actions in the course of 2023 -24. This year 
again, we have improved our capacity utilization drastically and 
optimized production costs for various products.  
 
One of our k ey achievements in this year has been successful 
execution of large number of transformers through various recruited 
EPCs for water supply schemes across various states. We may recollect 
under Prime Minister's Jal Jeevan mission, number of states undertook  
the supply drinking water schemes to be implemented in various 
states. So, we are proud to say that we have taken maximum 
contribution of jobs in this through various EPCs, including Larsen & 
Toubro based in Chennai. Along with this, we have completed 
successfully the short circuit test in CPRI for our transformers. Our 
transformers are 420 kV, 3.4 kV and we also developed and supplied 
special transformers with short circuit to various other equipment 
manufacturers. Our prime focus in this ha s been to vari ous 
organizations including core sectors represented by Indian Oil 
[[PAGE 5]]
5 
Corporation, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation, National Thermal 
Power, Steel Authority India, Sikkim Power. This, in a nutshell, 
represents that in the power generation industry we have been able to 
take enough market share.  
 
Our notable achievements also include supply of our various products 
with our OEMs, OEAs, EPCs, and to meet diverse applications in various 
core industries such as sugar, cement, power, oil and gas, petroleum, 
refinery, infrastructure, road building etc. With this, we have been able 
to strengthen our market position and drive sustained growth. This 
year we anticipate a continued dynamic growth trajectory, fuelled by a 
number of key strategic decisions in the last budget presented by the 
Union Government. There is enough focus even on CAPEX this year 
across various industries, including road building. So, we expect good 
amount of market share for our transformers in this segment also from 
all OEAs and EPCs.  
 
Also, our strong and robust order book across all products in all sectors 
indicates the pull for the product, continuous growth and enough 
opportunities for us to show growth in order booking for all the 
products across the companies. With tailored solutions and secure  and 
consistent revenue systems, we are able to show continuous growth in 
all the product segments. Our product reach in the mobility sector… 
this is one where all of us are talking about e -mobility. In this year, we 
are able to focus, particularly for e -commerce vehicles, four wheelers, 
in a big way, and continue to show our market share with Tata Motors 
in the vehicle Tata ACE.  
 
Now in this year for 2024 -25 we would like to focus in the same 
fashion but with a new technology called as permanent magnet 
motors. We are in the process of developing, conducting the trials and 
working for alliance with couple of vehicle manufacturers in India, so 
that we continue to show our presence is felt and we get enough 
market share in this ever -growing market. People are  expecting 20 -
25% of vehicles on Indian roads will be e -vehicles in the next 3-4 years. 
Today it is less than 3%, but a substantial amount is expected in this 
line. So we have picked up this mobility sector as a key prime segment 
for us to increase our market share.  
 
As the demand for e -vehicle increases there is a great opportunity for 
our business to grow on a constant basis and contribute to the success 
of the company and also the EV ecosystem in India. Your company is in 
a perfect position to take adva ntage of revolutionary changes 
occurring global ly to ride the waves. Your company's proven 
manufacturing capabilities… in this particular segment it is more than 
[[PAGE 6]]
6 
10 years. I'm proud to say that we are one of the largest and leading 
manufacturers of motors for e-vehicles in the mobility sector.  
 
Establishing a work environment that fosters individual growth, 
inclusivity and diversity is also our goal, where we strive to be one of 
the best places to work for people who share the same enthusiasm 
and values.  
 
As we look ahead, our vision directs us and pushes us to achieve new 
standards of excellence, exceed our expectations. Our objective keeps 
us grounded in providing all our stakeholders with sincere and 
committed service, while our vision guides us forward  by encouraging 
us to achieve even greater heights of excellence. Together we will 
overcome all the obstacles, face the challenges, take advantage of 
opportunities and leave a lasting impression to ensure our success and 
prosperity on this life-changing journey.  
 
I would like to conclude by sincere thanking all our stakeholders 
including our bankers, suppliers, customers, dealers, channel partners, 
service providers, shareholders, employees and board members for 
their continued unwavering support, faith and belief in our businesses. 
With our combined efforts, we have no doubt, that we keep breaking 
records, surpassing goals and leaving an enduring legacy. Once again, 
we want to thank you for your support and confidence. Thank you. 
   
Mr. Vijay R. Kirloskar  : Thank you very much Anand on behalf of me. We will now go to the 
Auditor's Report to be read by the Secretary of the company, 
Mahabaleshwar. 
   
Mr. Mahabaleshwar 
Bhat  
: The Secretarial Audit Report on standalone and consolidated financial 
statements are available on page numbers 62 and 107 respectively of 
the 77th Annual Report. The Secretarial Audit Report is enclosed in the 
Board's Report on page number 43 of Annual Report. The Statutory 
Auditors K.N. Prabhashankar & Co., have expressed their qual ified 
opinion in the Audit Report for the financial year 2024. I will now read 
out the Auditor's Report and the secretarial Auditor’s report 
   
Mr. Kamlesh Gandhi  
Independent 
Director 
: Sir, with the capacity as Chairman of the Audit Committee, may I 
suggest to the shareholders, that the first paragraph and the last two 
would be read out (50.06 – audio unclear) because otherwise it will 
take another 20 minutes to go through this thing. I am sure the 
shareholders have a copy of that 
   
Mr. Vijay R. Kirloskar  : Thank you, Mr. Audit Committee Chairman. And also, I think we need 
the shareholders want to ask more questions. We need to have time 
[[PAGE 7]]
7 
for that. 
   
Mr. Mahabaleshwar 
Bhat 
: We will read out two lines. The members of Kirloskar Electric Company 
Ltd Bangalore Report on the Audit of the standalone financial 
statements. The explanations and comments by the management to 
the Auditor's Report have been covered in the Board Report on page 
number 32. 
   
Mr. Anand B Hunnur : As the Notice is already circul ated to all the members, we take this 
Notice conveying the meeting as read. We will now take up the 
resolutions as set forth in the notice. There will be no proposing and 
seconding as the voting has already undertaken as per Companies Act 
and Secretarial Standards.  
 
 Adoption of audited standalone financial statement of the 
company for the year ended 31st March 2024, with Reports of the 
Board of Directors and Auditors thereon, and the audited 
consolidated financial statement of the company for the financial  
year ended 31st March 2024 and the Report of Auditors. 
   
Mr. Vijay R. Kirloskar : Before that we’ll ask the shareholders if they have any questions 
   
Mr. Mahabaleshwar 
Bhat  
: Let him continue. The Question & Answer session will be held later 
   
Mr. Anand B Hunnur :  To appoint a Director in place of Mrs. Meena Kirloskar, who retires, 
and being eligible, offers herself for reappointment 
   
Mr. Vijay R. Kirloskar : All in favour? 
   
Mr. Anand B Hunnur :  Appointment of Mrs. K.N. Prabhashankar and Co., Statutory 
Auditors of the company for the period of three years commencing 
from this Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of 80th AGM 
of the company, and to fix their remuneration. 
 Regulation of Additional Independent Director Mr. Mohammad 
Saad Bin Jung by appointing him as an Independent Director of the 
company.  
 Regulation of additional Independent Director Dr. Pangal 
Ranganath Nayak by appointing him as an Independent Director of 
the company.  
 4. Revision in the remuneration payable to Executi ve Chairman Mr. 
Vijay R. Kirloskar 
   
Mr. Vijay R. Kirloskar : I would ask Anand as the Director, or the Company Secretary, to take 
over the Chair for this. 
[[PAGE 8]]
8 
Mr. Anand B Hunnur :  Revision in the remuneration payable to Mr. Anand B. Hunnur.  
 Revision in t he remuneration payable to Mr. Sanjeev Kumar S, 
Director of Finance and CFO of the company.  
 Appointment of BMS Auditing, Chartered Accountants, Dubai as 
auditor of the branch office situated in Ajman, UAE.  
 Ratification of remuneration of Cost Auditors fo r the financial year 
ending 31st March 24.  
 
The text of the resolutions along with Explanatory Statement is 
provided in the Notice circulated to the members. If any member 
desires to ask any question pertaining to any item in the Notice, they 
feel free to write to us.  
 
Now, may I request Mr. Bhat to start the Question & Answer session. 
   
Mr. Mahabaleshwar 
Bhat 
: The company has received requests from few members to register 
them as speakers at the meeting. Members who did not wish to speak, 
were also g iven the option to send their queries in advance. 
Accordingly, the floor will be open for those registered speakers to ask 
questions or express their views.  
 
It may be noted that the company reserves the right to limit the 
number of members asking the questions depending on the availability 
of time at this AGM. I request the speakers to keep the questions brief 
and specific to the operations of the company. To avoid the repetition, 
the answers to all the questions will be provided towards the end. We 
will now begin with the Question & Answer Session. I request the 
Moderator to take over. 
   
Moderator : Thank you, sir. I request the speaker shareholders to unmute 
themselves and proceed to ask questions as per the schedule number 
allotted to them. Speakers are requested to state their names, folios, 
DP IDs and client ID, number of shares and location from where they 
are participating for record purpose. Once you've asked your question, 
you can mute and switch to watch the proceedings. Speakers may note 
that this meeting is recorded, so please do not disclose any sensitive 
personal information or personal identifiable information belonging to 
you or any other person that has no bearing on this meeting. In case, 
shareholders who have not pre-registered as speakers but wish to raise 
any clarifications, can write an email to the company. To avoid 
repetition, the answers to the questions will be provided at the end of 
this Q&A session. Speakers are requested to limit their questions to 
performance of the company an d not to repeat the questions which 
have been already asked by other speakers. The time allotted to each 
speaker will be two minutes due to the paucity of time. If there is any 
[[PAGE 9]]
9 
problem at speaker's end, the Moderator will call out the name of the 
next speaker.  
 
I now request the first speaker shareholder, Reddeppa Gundluru to ask 
your question. Sir, we have placed you in the meeting. Kindly unmute 
your microphone, switch your camera on and speak. You can turn on 
your camera also if you so desire. Please proceed with your question. 
   
Mr. Reddeppa 
Gundluru, 
Shareholder 
: Kirloskar Electric Company Limited. Chairman sir, Vijay Ravindra sir, the 
legendary visionary Executive Director, (57.12 - audio unclear)  
Chairman and Promoter, and other Directors, Sanjee v Kumar, Suresh 
Kumar sir and Anand and all other Non -Executive Directors and my 
fellow sharers in this video conference. Chairman sir, you have given 
very wonderful speech about my company performance and future. 
Thank you so much. So, I received the Annu al Report well in advance. I 
have gone through it. The numbers, figures and the share price is also 
very wonderful. Appreciation from Rs. 100 to Rs. 200 because of your 
hard work, the results, the numbers. So, my share price is upgraded 
and also our wealth  is created because of your hard work, sir. Thank 
you for a wonderful performance. The results are very wonderful, 
consistent financial performance.  
 
So, here are my questions, Sir.  Please comment on the dividend part.  
So, dividend is not, there is no t rack, is there any specific reason for 
this, you're not maintaining dividend tracks?  Sir, what is the future 
vision?  What type of strategic planning you are having to increase the 
PAT and also sales growth? And is there any specific innovative 
products? So, second question is Sir, ROE, ROE is little bit low for last 
three to four years, Sir more than 1.5 is not growing, Sir.  So, what type 
of plans you have to increase the ROE increase? Sir, also my 
observation is cost borrowing is since high Sir.  So, ple ase comment on 
that.  Apart from this, everything is fine, good, Sir. Sir, Company 
Secretary is not reachable, is not talking to us. Several years are unable 
not connect to Company Secretary. Sir, if anything problem, please 
remove him or appoint any other  person Sir so that we can able to 
contact if any problems any query so that that is my only request to 
you Sir, I'm sorry because my company is more than we have in the 
market since 1948, so we should improve our reputation image in the 
market also to imp rove the relationships and so in this case, I'm not 
feeling that the Company Secretary is not doing anything.  So, I would 
like to thank and (60:02 audio unclear) and also our key person for the 
wonderful annual preparation.  I strongly support all the res olutions I 
have e -voted, Mr. Ravindra Sir.  You go ahead and take appropriate 
decision so my company grow. Thank you so much for giving us 
opportunity.  Thank you.  God bless. 
[[PAGE 10]]
10 
Moderator 
 
: Thank you, Sir.  We have noted your questions and queries.  We now  
request our second speaker, Mr. Abhishek J, to come up and speak.  
Sir, we have placed you in the meeting.  Kindly unmute your 
microphone to speak.  Sir, kindly unmute to speak. 
   
Mr. Vijay R. Kirloskar : Is he available? 
   
Moderator : Yes.  We will just wait for five more seconds. 
   
Mr. Vijay R. Kirloskar : Okay. 
   
Moderator : Mr. Abhishek J, we'll try and connect you once again, once all the 
speakers have spoken and your connectivity restores.  We now move 
on to our third speaker shareholder,  Mr. Gopal P to ask your question.  
Sir, we have placed you in the meeting.  All right. 
   
Mr. Abhishek J, 
Shareholder 
: Sir, after me, P Gopal will also speak from the same device, Sir.  First of 
all, I congratulate the management on the eve of 77th ann ual General 
Body Meeting.  Sir, I trust all is well with you and your family in this 
challenging situation.  Our company deserves much more respect and 
the current market cap after completing more than a decade of 
successful operations, profitability, dividend history, and becoming one 
of the strongest brands in the respective segment.  Sir, as of date, how 
many employees are there in the company? What are the steps being 
taken by the management to reduce the other expenses, legal 
professional charges, and the audit fee?  Sir, then myself and my team 
are running a legal firm in the name and (62:34 audio unclear)  
Associates.   
 
Sir, I would request the management to kindly enroll the firm in the 
empowerment of the company and we will be glad to extend our 
services.  Sir, then I would like to know, I would request that I'm going 
to kindly contact on call quarterly presentations and meeting with 
global investors on a regular basis.  Sir then, we can see that in 
resolution #9 and resolution 10, we are being appoi nting a special 
resolution appointing auditor from Dubai, UAE.  Why Sir, we being 
based in Karnataka and we appoint auditor from Dubai, UAE, what is 
the need and necessity whether do we have any expansion plans in 
Dubai, I would like to know from you, Sir?  And resolution #10, why not 
you appoint the auditor from the Karnataka from Bangaluru,  
 
I would like to know from you Sir? And resolution #10 pertains to the 
ratification of remuneration of the cost auditors.  So, what is the 
percentage of increase in th e remuneration in the cost auditors, I 
would like to know from you, Sir? And when will the company be in a 
[[PAGE 11]]
11 
better position to reward better dividend to the minority shareholders, 
I would like to know from you Sir because the shareholders are eagerly 
waiting for a dividend, we have completed successfully complete at 75 
glorious years and the company is not in a better position to reward 
the minority shareholders. 
 
The shareholders have a lot of expectations from the management, 
hope that the management will fulfill the wish and desire of the 
minority shareholders in the years to come.  Sir, then we have been 
manufacturing good quality motors. I do appreciate Kirloskar is a 
leading brand in manufacturing motors.  Sir, in fact I have purchased 
motor of your com pany from a dealer in Tamil Nadu, Chennai from 
Tambuja District.  In fact, it has a warranty period, but even during the 
warranty period time, the motor has, maybe it is a defective piece, we 
manufacturer good quality and high products made of high standar ds 
and good quality assurances are being made and we do understand 
that and we have seen that the balance sheet as well, but 
unfortunately that motor had some difficulties and it was made with a 
failure in the 9th month and subsequently when we approached the 
team for warranty, they replaced it with the new one.   
 
I'm not aware whether it is a new one, but it was well painted one and 
they replaced and they have taken away the older one, the new one, 
which they replaced that too, got spoiled in other one mo nth’s time 
and when we contacted the company, they said no, you have 
exceeded the warranty period.  
 
When you have replaced the new motor right now, not even 30 to 40 
days, they say you have exceeded the warranty period so it will cost 
right Sir, company r uns only based on the sales that we get from the 
market from the small suppliers. I don't know whether the suppliers 
are being manipulating or the company has given them such 
instructions to do so I’m not so aware, so kindly look into, Sir, have the 
warranty card, the bills which have been procured from the dealer 
everything is prevailing with me, but I just wanted to raise this issue in 
the AGM only because to create awareness so that because of some 
small, small dealers, the company should not face any do wnfall 
because based on the mouth publicity only the company runs and the 
sales get increased.   
 
So, please look into Sir that I can share the details with you via e -mail 
or you can put me to Company Secretary I can share the details via 
WhatsApp and you might look into, Sir.  Nothing much to us and the 
company follows very good corporate governance practice.   
 
[[PAGE 12]]
12 
I do appreciate the management for that and I wish the company and 
the Board of Directors, a great success and property in the future, I 
would reflect the management to really consider hybrid AGMs in the 
years to come as some of the shows are facing difficulties in joining the 
meeting and nothing much to ask Sir.   
 
I wish the company and Board of Directors, great success and 
prosperity the coming f uture and thank you for giving the opportunity 
Sir. Then one more shareholder, Mr. P Gopal will join in same device, 
Sir.  Thank you.  Very much, Sir. 
   
Mr. P Gopal – 
Shareholder 
: Good morning, respected Chairman, Board of Directors, secretarial 
team, and my fellow shareholders. Sir, I and my family are proud 
shareholders of the company from the date of IPO. I request the 
management to reduce the expenditure as cost cutting effective 
wherever possible. I request the management not to take away the 
maximum profits into reserves and also consider bonus issue to 
shareholders Sir if not the rights issue. The only grievance of the 
shareholder is expecting better dividends and appreciation of share 
price.  Sir, what are the future expansion plans? How are we g oing to 
withstand the tough competition? I wish all great success.  I wish our 
company will touch Sky High.  Management with great efforts and hard 
work have established the company branded as #1.   
 
The corporate governance is vulnerable, the turnover and  profits have 
increased.  It's a joyous moment.  All credits goes to the management, 
hence its right time to reward the shareholders, Sir.  
 
I request the management to conduct hybrid physical AGM in coming 
future, which will give opportunity to all the sh areholders to attend in 
large numbers and give their valuable suggestions.   
 
I hope the management will not let down the shareholders who have 
stood behind in thick and thin.  I have cast all votes in favour, Sir.  The 
chat may be enabled Sir - the chat is disabled Sir.  
 
I request the management to consider the hospitality part of the 
shareholders, Sir.  
 
I thank the management for giving me the opportunity, Sir.  Thank you 
very much, Sir. 
   
Moderator : Sir, kindly confirm if Ms. Vandana G will also sp eak from the same 
device or not? Okay.  Thank you.  We now move on to our next 
speaker, Mr. Rohit Vinod Ohri.  Sir, we have placed you in the meeting.  
[[PAGE 13]]
13 
Kindly unmute your microphone, switch your camera on and speak. 
   
Mr. Rohit Vinod Ohri 
– Shareholder 
: I think I'm audible, but not able to switch on the camera. 
   
Moderator : It's okay.  Please proceed with your question.  We can hear you. 
   
Mr. Rohit Vinod Ohri 
– Shareholder 
 
: So, Sir there are a couple of questions that are there from my end.  I  
hope you noted down and I hope you answer them at the end of the 
session.  You did mention that you are looking at some dynamic 
growth or trajectory, which is feud number of some key strategic 
considerations.  Some of these you already mentioned in your o pening 
remarks, but Sir, my question is that where exactly are you seeing this 
growth coming from? 
 
Is it from the rotating machine group or is it from the power 
generation or is it a (50:50 audio unclear) between the two?  
 
And Sir, are you looking at vol ume growth in the same or are you 
looking at value growth in the same in terms of the projects or the 
processes that you're working on?  
 
Sir, we have 6 factory locations, and are all these factories running in 
full swing or are you looking at pairing of some of these assets because 
during the year we saw that some of the operations were 
discontinued, that was probably Unit 15 and as well as you sold some 
property in Hubli and Gudimangalam.  So, are you looking at pairing of 
some more assets or pairing of some more machining activities if you'd 
like to share so that the ROC of the company also tends to move 
towards the North? Sir, you did mention about some recent 
developments which are related to the EV business, but my question is 
that how many of these new products are there in the pipeline? 
 
And I could not hear you well, but did you mention permanent magnet 
motors? Is that something that you are exploring for the EV segment? 
Sir, you said that you have a robust order book, but is it possible to 
share a kind of a number with the order book or the order backlog that 
you're currently having or if not that, please share the visibility of this 
order book for how many quarters or maybe how many years do you 
have this order book for?  
 
And if possible, can you s hare that what percentage of the business 
comes from standard products and what percentage of the business is 
coming from the specialized products? Sir, in your opening remarks, 
you mentioned that there are certain repeat orders that are coming 
[[PAGE 14]]
14 
from the go vernment of India and you also mentioned that there are 
some orders which are coming from Jal Jeevan Mission, Sir, my 
question is that what percentage or what number can we put to Jal 
Jeevan Mission and works from KECL?   
 
And since these orders are coming  from the Government of India, do 
you do you see or are you currently facing some issues related to the 
receivables from the government? And if possible, then please share 
our ballpark number for the cash conversion cycle that we are 
currently going throug h? Sir, for all these expansions with the EV and 
other related products, so what sort of growth CapEx or maintenance 
CapEx have you chalked in, please share that number if you can? And 
you even mentioned that one of the three pillars for your growth is 
enhancing the capacity utilization.   
 
Sir, my question is blended what is the capacity utilization at all the 6 
units or 6 locations that we have if you can share that a blended 
number is fine with me? 
  
The second pillar for growth, what you mentioned was c ost 
optimization.  Sir, we are working towards that, what are these 
initiatives related to? And do you think that in the next two years or so 
you'll be able to reach the operating margin levels of similar to that of 
the GDP of India or do you think that yo u will try to reach somewhere 
near the industry standards of 9% or 10% EBITDA margins?  Sir, when 
we talk about the margins, we also come across these issues which are 
related to raw materials.  I'm aware that there are a lot of fluctuations 
that are happe ning in the copper prices, but is it possible that if you 
can share some details as to what is the lag time in passing on the 
prices to the customers?  
 
Is it an easy process or do you take two months or three months or 
four months or does that put some mo re pressure on the receivables? 
I'll be glad if you can share that on the raw material side.  The last pillar 
for growth which you mentioned was the exports.  Please share what 
efforts the management is taking to increase the exports and what is 
the current percentage? How much do you intend to take that to? In 
the same, what percentage of business is coming from the public 
sector units and what percentage is coming from the private sector? 
 
Last question is related to the subsidiary and the investments.  S ir, 
what do you think will be the fate of these subsidiary or investments 
which are made in KEC in North America, Lux, SLPKG, and the associate 
which is in Malaysia?  Sir, what would be the fate of these? Do you 
think that you should be continuing with the se investments or do you 
[[PAGE 15]]
15 
think you should be pairing off from these?  Sir, thank you for patiently 
listening to my questions and noting them down.  I hope you will 
answer all of them.  Thank you, Sir. 
   
Moderator : Thank you, Sir. Chairman Sir, putting on record our next shareholder 
since Mr. Praveen Kumar, Mr. Mahesh Kumar Bubna and Mr. Prabhjot 
Singh Sahani have not logged into the meeting, so we now invite Mr. 
Dilip Kumar Das to speak.  
 
Sir, we have placed you in the meeting.  Kindly unmute your 
microphone, switch your camera on and speak. 
   
Mr. Dilip Kumar Das 
– Shareholder 
: Hello, you hear me? 
   
Moderator : Yes, Mr. Das, please proceed. 
   
Mr. Dilip Kumar Das 
– Shareholder 
: Good morning, Executive Chairman, Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar ji, all ot her 
eminent Board of Directors, all officials of Kirloskar Electric Company 
Limited, and my online fellow shareholders who are connected with 
77th Annual General Meeting of Kirloskar Electric through video 
conferencing, which is grand success. 
 
Myself, Dil ip Kumar Das, shareholder and Executive Committee 
member of Kolkata Welfare Association of Small Shareholders 
participating in this meeting from my residence at Calcutta.  Sir, I am 
honoured that our Company Secretary, Mr. Bhatt, have given a chance 
as a speaker in this platform to express my views.  Thanks to all entire 
secretarial team of Kirloskar for excellent investor services. 
 
They sent the annual report link in advance including speakers 
sequence numbers. Thanks to all.   
 
Keeping in view of the Ann ual Report, my query is what is our work 
order value for coming two to three years? Sir, what is our business 
rating in India and outside India?  In present scenario, who is our main 
competitor? Is there any rewarding policy for shareholders? Sir, I have 
supported all the resolution through e -voting with my family members 
and full trust of our management team under your leadership and 
because this is a group of Kirloskar and hope every success of the 
company in years to come.  Sir, I wish you and your Kirlo skar team, all 
staff and their family for good health and prosperity and in advance 
seasonal greetings fall coming festival Durga puja, Diwali, Christmas to 
all communities.  Sir, no other matters.  I D K Das over to you for 
further proceedings.  Namaskar to all. 
[[PAGE 16]]
16 
   
Moderator 
 
: Thank you, Sir.  We have noted your questions.  We now invite our 
next speaker, Mr. Goutam Nandi, to speak.  Sir, we have placed you in 
the meeting.  Kindly unmute your microphone to speak. 
   
Mr. Goutam Nandi – 
Shareholder 
: Am I audible, Sir? 
 
   
Moderator : Yes, please proceed. 
   
Mr. Goutam Nandi – 
Shareholder 
 
: Yeah.  Thank you.  Good morning and Namaskar.  Respected Chairman, 
Board of Directors, my online fellow shareholders, myself, Goutam 
Nandi from Kolkata, very old  equity shareholder of your company.  Sir, 
firstly I'd like to give thanks to your Secretarial Department for sending 
me Annual Report along with notice and necessary joining link to e -
mail well in advance.   
 
I have also received the hard copy of your Ann ual Report and also 
received the speaker serial number, which is very, very important for 
our speakers here.  So, thanks to our respected Company Secretary 
and his whole team for rendering very good services to our minority 
shareholders.  So, thanks again Sir.  Sir, you are organizing your Annual 
General Meeting through video conference and I find it's a grand 
success like the previous years.  Sir, I find very good performance in 
every segment in this challenging year.   
 
The situation is still very tough Sir.  In this scenario, you are trying your 
best and you are performing very well.  I'm very happy with your 
company.  Sir, I like to know what is the direct and indirect impact on 
our company after the implementation of Union budget 2024 -25.  Sir, 
in your electric equipment segment, there is a huge competition.  I like 
to know how are you able to manage this Sir? And another thing in 
your segment who are the main competitors of our concern? Sir, what 
is the road map of our company for the next three to four  years, 
especially related to the growth of our company? Sir, what are the 
safety measures taken in your every factory and various premises? 
Please let us.  Sir.  
 
Sir, how many employees do you have at present, both permanent and 
non-permanent and among t hemselves, how many female employees 
and how many male employees are working in our company? Sir, have 
you adopted the latest AI technology in our company for further 
modernization?  
 
Sir, the face value of our stock is ₹10 at the right moment.  Is there a ny 
[[PAGE 17]]
17 
plan to stock split from ₹10 into ₹5 or ₹2, or ₹1 in near future? Sir, one 
request, please continue this VC meeting as we may able to join from 
anywhere, Sir and another special request if the situation permits. 
please do something at least for our spea ker shareholders.  Sir, this is 
nothing but a token of love from your side, Sir.  Sir, I'm very proud.  I'm 
very happy to be a shareholder of your company.  I have full trust with 
our strong management like you Sir and so along with my family, I 
wholeheartedly supported all resolutions which we have already 
casted through our e-voting.  
 
Sir, looking forward with a positive outlook towards our company with 
higher profit margin, handsome dividend, if possible, bonus and 
return.  May God bless you, Sir. Stay safe.  Stay healthy myself.  Myself 
Goutam Nandi signing off and Namaskar, Sir.  Namaskar. 
   
Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar : Thank you. 
   
Moderator 
 
: Thank you, Sir.  We have noted your questions and queries.  We now 
invite our next speaker, Mr. Tarun Gupta  to speak.  Sir, we have your 
place you in the meeting.  Kindly unmute your microphone to speak.   
   
Mr. Tarun Gupta – 
Shareholder 
: Yeah.  Good morning.  Am I audible?  
 
   
Moderator : Yes.  Please proceed. 
   
Mr. Tarun Gupta – 
Shareholder 
: Good morning, everybody.  Thank you for giving me an opportunity to 
speak at the AGM. So, I have already emailed the questions, but I 
would just like to kind of request the management, if you could kind of 
answer them step by step and in addition to that, there is one more 
thought which I just wanted to share with the board as well as with the 
team here.  So, I think we understand that Kirloskar Electric Company 
is very old a company, but as we move forward as the company grows, 
we would also understand that comp any maybe would like to see how 
the market takes up and not because of the history, but because of 
what they can do.  So, I think, so how you know we are kind of thinking 
to take that legacy forward as the market appreciates the legacy as 
well as the work you're doing and on the other side, I'll just kind of 
read out my questions which I've mentioned, which may be noted.  So, 
as mentioned in our Annual Report on page 5 regarding our sales of 
transformer to the State EPC.  So, how are we basically managing t he 
risk on the payment billing cycle and milestone billing, which 
previously has been a concern for many companies. So, how are we 
kind of ensuring that project -based business does not have delayed 
billings or otherwise. 
[[PAGE 18]]
18 
Second question is that last year t he management had mentioned 
about the Zone 1 and Zone 2 cooling pump motors for the nuclear 
power.  So, given that the EPCL has a very bullish outlook on small 
nuclear power going forward, so are we kind of registered for the 
tenders, which they might floa t because I've also gone through the 
Annual Report for Kirloskar Brothers, so they also intend to capture the 
share.  So, how are we kind of competitively placed with guys like them 
on the same space? So, could you please throw some light there. 
 
The next question would be on the EV side, like you mentioned, this 
time as well, the company is very bullish and expecting a strong 
outlook, so other than Tata Motors, are we also on boarded some 
clients, can we get some more value share out of their business and 
how is generally the competitive space because we also understand 
the low on a very basic elementary products, so there's a lot of 
competition.  So, until the company is into more advanced engineering 
products and are the factory also fungible in sense of they can switch 
the production as far as the demand and at the last AGM it was also 
mentioned that we are looking for the drive train which could provide 
pertinent solution.   
 
So, can you just throw some light again on how we are or how we have 
progressed there? So, one more point, I have noticed that in last two 
years there was huge demand across transformers companies in India 
and we being pioneer, so, the kind of both which were seen in some of 
our other peers was not seen in our company, so, can you ju st throw 
some light on why we did or what we could not do to capture that 
particular space like which is one of the historic booms for the 
transformer CapEx section? 
 
And, I would also like the management to throw some light on our 
contribution from the re newable source, mainly solar and wind, which 
is again a sector which is just picking up and we see a lot of immense 
CapEx going on and, are we present in that particular space in some 
ancillary or some product? Because what if you're not? So, are we kind 
of planning to capture that kind of value space? Because that it seems, 
is a very-very high growth industry.  
 
At the previous AGMs I had mentioned that the machine would also 
require some kind of up gradation in terms of because of their shelf 
life. So can you just throw some light on how is the capacity utilization 
and how we are kind of planning on the up gradation process or what 
are we doing and what is the kind of nameplate capacity? I understand 
there are many units, but what is the nameplate capacity  in terms of 
revenue, which we can kind of give a number with, which would help 
[[PAGE 19]]
19 
us to quantify. And then, we've also previously mentioned about 
continuous non -core asset sales. So having completed that globally 
parcel, so are we also inclined to with any m ore asset which is non -
core and can improve the debt levels as well as the ROCE, which you 
know, which might do and are all the kind of labour unrest and 
situations kind of completed, or do we again see some kind of union 
problems or are we over with that?  
 
And on the overall business side, when can you think that the 
transformers motors and switchgears, you know, firing on all cylinders, 
basically be reaching that kind of demand and the company showing 
that house and (1.26.52 audio unclear) which Kirloskar has previously 
also mentioned. And for the finance team about this, I would just like 
to understand that has the company not considered a thought on why 
we are not planning to raise maybe some fresh funds by virtue of, you 
know, fresh equity shares or wa rrant or fundraiser by exiting PE funds 
or marquee investors, which would help to improve the financial 
position to build a (1.27.21 audio unclear ) to tackle all these kind of 
long payment cycle and the expansion phase which I think the 
company is trying to be.  
 
And the last question would be, can also the finance team share some 
light on why our working capital inventory is, inventory plus 
receivables minus payable on a negative side, unlike most of our peers, 
because it's supposed to be a credit period s eems to be involved. So 
what is our specialty there in sense of, you know, we are having a 
negative working capital. And also on the fact of the raw material 
prices like copper and iron kind of going down so, how is that going to 
beneficial or that is... 
   
Moderator : Sir, may I request you to kindly conclude? 
   
Mr. Tarun Gupta – 
Shareholder 
: Yeah, I have concluded. Thank you.  
 
   
Moderator : Okay. Thank you, sir. We have noted your questions. We now invite 
our next speaker. Mr. Shrinivas Adikesar to speak.  
Sir, may I…? 
   
Mr. Shrinivas 
Adikesar, 
Shareholder 
: Thank you. Am I audible?   
   
Moderator  Yes, please proceed. 
   
[[PAGE 20]]
20 
Mr. Shrinivas 
Adikesar – 
Shareholder: 
 Thank you, sir. First of all, I would like to thank Chairman Sir for 
bringing this company into a profitable venture after a long time. So, 
thank you and, entire Board also. You are giving employment and life 
to many employees and families and all. So many people are happy 
with your management and, thank you so much. So secondly, 
organizing this meeting, our secretarial team, thank you very much for 
your efforts. And compliance is not a small thing now, it is a big task 
with limited resources. Keeping all shareholders may not be possible. 
Follow Raj Dharma and keep your professional ve ry high. Thank you. 
And, I support all the resolutions. 
 
My one or two minor questions are - as per the stock exchange filing 
details, it is understood that operations in one of the unit somewhere 
in Bangalore has been discontinued. Whether management is h aving 
any plans to reopen. So many people will get employment and all 
those things. And what about these plant and machineries? It can be 
utilized still further manufacturing processes. So secondly, there is a 
substantial increase in finance cost as compared to turnover. Has there 
been any initiative taken to reduce this finance cost? Of course, you 
can see that total borrowings decreased as compared to previous years 
still the costs are high. So looks like some initiatives are required. What 
could be the reason for it, whether it is interest cost or cost associated 
with borrowings or what kind of things it is? So the total other 
expenses have also seen an increase contributing to overall raise in 
operational cost. So you can throw some highlights on that. E mployee 
benefit expenses - there was a notable increase in employee benefit 
expenses last year which is a little higher side. So whether it reflects 
higher salaries, wages or what kind of costs it is.  
 
So I think that's it. Thank you again Chairman Sir fo r your all efforts on 
running this company into a profitable company and all my secretarial 
team for designing all these annual report, organizing AGM in a good 
way. So thank you. Thank you so much.  
   
Moderator 
 
: Thank you sir. We have noted your ques tions. Chairman Sir, next 
shareholder Mr. Kanwar Inderpal Singh Sahni have not logged into the 
meeting. So we now invite Mr. Hitesh K to speak. 
 
Sir, we have placed you in the meeting. Kindly unmute your 
microphone, switch your camera on, if you so desire, and speak. 
   
Mr. Hitesh K 
Shareholder 
: Yeah. Am I audible?  
 
   
Moderator : Yes, please proceed.  
[[PAGE 21]]
21 
   
Mr. Hitesh K – 
Shareholder 
 
: Sure. Thank you for the opportunity. I had sent my questions via an 
email. There were previous shareholders also who  were trying touch 
upon on similar lines. Probably I'll just focus on the ones which are not 
being covered. Sir, I'm sorry if this question may look too naive, but are 
there any product categories where the company enjoys a healthy 
market share given its p edigree? If you can probably just give some 
sense on which are the segments where we enjoy a large market share 
and what share could it be? If you can just give some sense, that will 
be very helpful.  
 
Secondly, what are the new product development initiat ives 
undertaken by the company in the last two years and what is the 
potential of the same? From your opening remarks, there was 
permanent magnet motors that were touched upon. If you can share a 
little more insights to which end market are we catering to and what is 
the opportunity size? Likewise, if there are any other products which 
have been explored, new product categories, probably you can explain 
the same. Sir, it will be very helpful just like other companies in your 
segment gives some sense on the order book, it’ll be helpful if you can 
give us also the same.  
 
Sir, I believe there is also a 31 acres of land parcel which the company 
is looking to monetize. I think one has already been done. I think 
there's an additional 31 acres land. What is the ex pected quantum of 
the same and when can we expect this monetization to take place? 
Another speaker had also highlighted the same point wherein we are 
very thinly spread across five different locations. Is there a need to 
have so many factories and is there  any plan to restructure these 
operations? And also are there any non -core assets further that the 
company is looking to monetize to strengthen its balance sheet? I think 
other questions are already covered and hence I will not repeat them.  
Sir, my sensor  request if you can please answer each of these 
questions because that's the only time when we get to interact with 
you. Will look forward to your insights on this. Thank you very much.  
   
Moderator : Thank you, sir. We have noted your question. We now invite our next 
speaker, Mr. Aditya Khandelwal, to speak.  
   
Mr. Aditya 
Khandelwal, 
Shareholder 
: Hello. Am I audible? 
   
Moderator : Yes, please proceed.  
   
[[PAGE 22]]
22 
Mr. Aditya 
Khandelwal, 
Shareholder 
: Yeah, so thanks a lot for this opportunity. So even I  have sent my 
questions in prior. So it is just my humble request that this is the only 
avenue where we can interact with the management. So, I would 
request and hope that you can answer my questions one by one. I will 
just touch upon a few of those questi ons. But the list of questions I 
have sent prior.  
 
So my first question is a bookkeeping question that a company has a 
high unallocable expenses of 32 to 35 crore. Why is that? And can this 
expense come down or remain stable with increase in revenue? Next is 
how much of our revenue comes from exports? And why aren't we 
scaling our exports since we have seen that some of other capital 
goods companies are seeing very good opportunities in the export 
markets? And next is upon the EV motors. So how much of our  
revenue comes from the sale of EV Motors? And is this business 
profitable? And then I think other shareholders asked that if we have 
added any other new customers apart from Tata Motors. So I would 
like to know about the customers too. And one more thing about EV 
motors that why are we present only in PV's, personal vehicles, and 
not in two wheelers and three wheelers?  
 
Next is about the motors. So if you could just highlight or talk about 
our product capabilities in the motor segment and have we added an y 
new segments in the last two to three years? And about generators. So 
even about generators, if you could touch upon our product 
capabilities in the generator segment and what edge do we have in this 
segment and if we've added any new segments in the las t two, three 
years like in the generator segment. And then upon the transformers, 
if you could just mention that what kind of voltage of transformers do 
we manufacture. Do we manufacture like high voltage or low voltage 
ones? And, if you could provide an i ndustry breakup between high and 
low voltage and what is the competitive intensity of each of these 
segments in the transformer segment?  
 
So these are a few of my questions. But I've sent my other questions. I 
will just hope the management can answer them  one by one. Thank 
you.  
   
Moderator : Thank you, sir. We now invite K Bharat Raj to speak.  
 
Sir, we have placed you in the meeting. Kindly unmute your 
microphone to speak. 
   
Mr. K Bharat Raj – 
Shareholder 
: Very good morning, Mr. Chairman, entire Board of Directors. First of 
all, wonderful speech by my chairman. Total information again, lot of 
[[PAGE 23]]
23 
 questions raised by our co shareholders…the  information. There is no 
other questions, Chairman Sir. Chairman Sir, any plans for the 
expansion of the plant, f uture expansion? Are you planning to come 
into the right issues, please let me know. Regarding this dividend 
payout Chairman Sir, can we expect in this financial at least interim 
dividend, please let me know. End of the day bread and butter of our 
shareholders only dividend. I thank my KMPs Mr. Anand, our MD, Mr. 
Sanjeev, CFO and Mr. Mahabaleshwar, CS are wonderful person. And 
my CS has called me personally and told me about the link and send 
me the annual report in time. Wonderful secretarial services. 
 
Mr. Chairman, one request is there. Please switch to hybrid mode. It is 
very happy so that we can visit our factory or we can see our factory 
and what is happening in the factory, we will know and get an idea. 
Next year please arrange it hybrid mode, physica l and VC. Whoever 
will come or may be interested in VC, they will attend. My best wishes 
to enter a new financial year. All the best for coming years. God bless 
you all. I am Bharat Raj signing off from Hyderabad.  
   
Moderator: : Thank you, sir. We have  noted your questions, Chairman Sir with this, 
all of our shareholders who registered and did login were given an 
equal opportunity to speak at the AGM. And now I hand over the floor 
back to you to answer to the queries raised by our shareholders. Over 
to you.  
   
Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar : Thank you. My fellow shareholders, thank you very much for your 
questions and I'm really thrilled to see that you are so inquisitive and 
to know about the company and its inner workings. I will answer most 
of your questio ns along with my colleague Anand Hunnur who's here. 
So we'll cover the general questions first and then some specifics I will 
try and answer and some specifics he will answer. 
 
As the first step, most shareholders have asked about dividend so let 
me cover that first. Dividend is something that is at the back of my 
mind all the time because I think we have not had a dividend for a 
fairly long time. And it is my personal commitment to all of you all that 
the moment we pay off the loans, we have a small loan (1.39.53 audio 
unclear) to pay off, we would like to get back to the dividend interest. 
So that is number one. However, I would like to say quite happily the 
shareholders and the stock market has (1.40.07 audio unclear ) 
Kirloskar Electric and I'm happy to s ay that the stock price has gone up 
substantially. It's varying between 190 to 220, which is a very good sign 
compared to I would say 52 weeks back or two years back when it was 
over around Rs. 19 or 20. I'm sure the shareholders, you have 
benefited from it by trading in it and hopefully also increased your own 
[[PAGE 24]]
24 
holdings.  
 
Regarding the splitting of the shares, we have taken your question and 
the Board will, when it meets next, sure we'll look at this appropriately 
and then we will see how to go about it. R ight now, I think the volume 
in the stock market is still quite high so it may be a good opportunity to 
look at, though I'm not committing anything as yet. As far as the unit 
that you said is closed, it is our intention to see that all machines are in 
working order and it is our intention to see that all the plant is running. 
However, we also have to look at our cost. If the costs are too high, 
then we have to find alternate answers to this. We will be moving in 
that direction to find alternate answers and see that all the assets 
within the company are utilized successfully and we can (1.41.50 audio 
unclear). 
  
The market for Kirloskar Electric products, which is the general 
question again asked, I think we have enough scope to grow over the 
next two, three years. This year itself is an ambitious target. I would 
not like to give any predictions as yet, but a good 20 -25% growth is 
something that we like to look at, if not higher. But the most important 
thing that we're looking at is to see that the bottom line  keeps 
increasing every year. Second is to pay off the loans and then we can 
have a healthy company that can look at leveraging its properties, 
leveraging its products, leveraging its list. As far as the question on 
Dubai is concerned and why we don't have  a local or why we don't 
have a (1.42.45 audio unclear) from India, it's cheaper to do it there 
and it's faster and the business is not so large as yet to see that we 
keep sending people from here. After all, even the cheapest airfare is 
almost Rs. 20,000 to Rs. 30,000 to go to Dubai.  
 
The number of employees we have is about 2500. This was a far big 
reduction since 10 -12 years back when we used to have 4000 people. 
The salaries have gone up because we have to keep up with the market 
and we have also had some labour negotiations which has a little bit of 
a spike there. Interest is also high because of the fact that we are 
borrowing at a little more expensive rate. Rather than 11 or 12%, we 
have over 13 or 14%. However, it is my intention to see that this comes 
down. And as the top line goes up and your bottom line is…top line 
(1.43.59 audio unclear), we will have a better percentage and a lower 
percentage on the interest cost or on the employees cost, on the raw 
material cost; all of them. As far as the deta il on the product, I will ask 
Anand to talk on this.  
   
Mr. Anand B Hunnur : Thank you very much for asking very intuitive questions by all of you 
and whoever has sent us some of their queries, please give us a weeks’ 
[[PAGE 25]]
25 
time, we will send you a detailed r eply to all of you separately. To 
cover up some…first point, a couple of you said we have discontinued 
the operations in one unit. Yes, we have done it. We have successfully 
also demonstrated that equally competent cost competitive 
manufacturing operation has been brought in and which has resulted 
in certain products profitability for us in quality and timeliness also. So 
that is the basic reason, it is not anything else. We have discontinued 
means we are not moved away from the product line. We have 
brought in alternative methods of manufacturing, machining, testing, 
etc. etc. I hope I have cleared that point.  
 
Second question, was NPCIL one of you mentioned about it. Yes, our 
presence in NPCIL is very strong. We are one of the leading approved 
manufacturers. We have a high level of connectivity with the Chairman 
and Managing Director of NPCIL Technology Development group for 
various application. Not the only one OEM you have mentioned, we 
have couple of OEMs also for different types of pumps - radiation, non-
radiation zone, high voltage, low voltage transformers, switch gas. So 
our connectivity with NPCIL is across all projects. As you rightly said, 
220 megawatt also yes, we are very strongly present there. Our 
discussions are in the advanced stages. We wou ld not like to disclose 
those details in this public forum. We rest to assure our presence will 
be felt. We have got very good, I should say market acceptance by 
OEMs, EPCs and end users as well.  
 
One of you mentioned about transformers for solar and wind . Yes, we 
are very-very strongly present but we have moved away from this for 
one or two strategic reasons. Nevertheless, we will get back to this 
market very soon. With certain short circuit tests we are supposed to 
complete which we will do it soon. 
   
Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar : I think the idea of these new markets is the fact that we were in the 
solar business market when it was profitable and when the rate came 
down for KBA or per NBA, we decided to look at other markets. Since 
the market is growing aga in and we have introduced some of our new 
technologies and new product, manufacturing, we will be getting into 
this business and same thing with wind power. 
   
Mr. Anand B Hunnur : On EV front one of you ask who the other vehicle manufacturers are. 
Sorry to say we would not like to disclose those customer names in the 
public forum. They are very in a primitive state. We have signed up 
with an NDA agreement with those OES. So it is not fair on our part to 
disclose those customers’ names to all of you in th e public forum. We 
refrain from doing it. My apologies for it. 
   
[[PAGE 26]]
26 
Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar : I will just add to what Anand was saying by saying that the interest in 
Kirloskar Electric motors is at an all -time high and one of the people 
who asked the question was we are today around 32-40 crores. We are 
around 30 to 40 crores in the electric vehicle motor business and we 
intend it to go up higher and higher, okay? We have other customers. 
But like all good people in industry, it is best that we keep our 
relationship private and not disclose it to everybody as we do not want 
our competitors to come in there.  
   
Mr. Anand B Hunnur : One of you also asked a question where our products are preferred, 
where we get good market share for our products. One of them is 
steel. Steel (1.48.34 audio unclear ) AC motors, DC motors, 
transformers or (1.48.37 audio unclear ) plus second to name here is 
sugar. We go to any sugar industry, any sugar project first preference is 
Kirloskar Electric and we stand by it, and we are ab le to encash this 
market opportunity. I hope this answers a couple of queries raised by 
you.  
   
Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar : As far as sugar is concerned, just let me add, in Karnataka, all the sugar 
factories, we are number one, okay? Same way in Maharashtra also we 
are very competitive and in Madhya Pradesh, etc. Again, my fellow 
shareholders just to complete the response from (1.49.30 audio 
unclear) I think we are now on a track that as our first bet, I mean, our 
first important is to reach a thousand crores in the next couple of years 
or three years and also look at a three figure bottom line. So this is 
very important to us and based on that, our dividend paying capacity 
will also come in. So these are the basic points that I want to bring out 
to you all and the strategic part, we will always be in the motor 
business, we will always be in the transformer business. We are now 
also resuscitating ourselves in the switchgear business. And it's not 
only the generic product that we look at, we also have to look at the 
application. And motors have a variety of applications. Right from the 
tiny motor that is there in your car, which brings the windows up and 
down and so on, or the very large machines which we make, which are 
like 20,000 kw and similarly, in DC mach ines, we make up to 5000 kw. 
Some of the machines we make are so large, they're, I would say it's 
the size of half this room. So we're quite proud of what we do.  
 
And the markets are also not only India, we are seeing a new 
resurgence in markets outside I ndia because the cost of making the 
same electrical equipment is much better in India. A lot of the 
manufacturers from outside India have come to us. The only problem 
is like this, I have to give up my brand so that they can buy from me 
and sell in India again, which I'm not willing to do. So these are facts of 
life. And we want our own brand, which is today almost 150 years old. 
[[PAGE 27]]
27 
1883, it was…Electric itself is 1946 registered. So it is also almost 80 
years old, 78 years old. So my whole idea is to see that  we make this a 
hundred year company, make this a thousand crore company and plus 
have a good bottom line for us to give dividends and have an elite 
share price. Thank you very much.  
   
Mr. Anand B Hunnur : Now e -voting on CDSL platform will continue to  be available for the 
next 30 minutes. Therefore may we request members who have not 
cast their votes yet to do so within the next 30 minutes, please? Also, 
the Board of Directors appointed Sudheendra P. Ghali Practicing 
Company Secretary as a scrutinizer to supervise the voting process. 
Further, we hereby authorize the Mahabaleshwar Bhat, our company 
secretary to declare the results of voting and place the results on the 
website of the company at the earliest. The resolution as set forth in 
the notice of shall be deemed to be passed today subject to the receipt 
of a requisite number of votes. For your information, we had more 
than 45 members participating in today's AGM. We hereby declare 
that proceedings of 77 th annual general meeting of Kirloskar Electric  
Company Limited is concluded. On behalf of the Board of Directors, we 
thank each one of you. Stay safe all of you. Thank you very much. 
   
Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar : And, Happy Diwali. 
 
 
 
***** End of Transcript ***** 
