[page 1]
         “Caplin Point Laboratories Limited

      Q3 FY26 Earnings Conference Call”

               February 05, 2026





MANAGEMENT: MR. C.C. PAARTHIPAN – CHAIRMAN
            MR. VIVEK PARTHEEBAN– VICE CHAIRMAN
              DR. SRIDHAR GANESAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR
            MR. D. MURALIDHARAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
            MR. SATHYA NARAYANAN M. – DEPUTY CHIEF
              FINANCIAL OFFICER

MODERATOR:  MS. CANDICE PEREIRA





                                  Page 1 of 17
[page 2]
                                                                   Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                                               February 05, 2026

Moderator:                Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Caplin Point Laboratories Limited Q3 FY26

                            earnings conference call hosted by Dolat Capital Markets Private Limited. As a reminder, all

                               participants line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask

                             questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference

                                   call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note

                                that this conference is being recorded.


                                    I now hand the conference over to Ms. Candice Pereira from Dolat Capital Markets Private

                            Limited. Thank you and over to you.


Candice Pereira:         Thank you, Iqra. Good evening everyone. I, Candice Pereira on behalf of Dolat Capital, welcome

                        you  all to the Q3 FY26 conference call for Caplin Point Laboratories. Today from the

                       management team, we have with us Mr. C.C. Paarthipan, Chairman; Mr. Vivek Partheeban, Vice

                          Chairman; Dr. Sridhar Ganesan, Managing Director; Mr. D. Muralidharan, CFO and Mr.

                          Sathyanarayan M., Deputy CFO.


                                    I now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks. Over to you, sir.


Vivek Partheeban:        Thank you, Candice. Thanks everyone for taking time out to attend our earnings call for Q3

                        FY26. So, well, please note that a copy of all our disclosures are available on the investor section

                             of our website, as well as on the stock exchanges. And note that anything said on this call which

                                 reflects our outlook for the future or which should be construed as a forward-looking statement

                         must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. The conference call is

                           being recorded and the transcript along with the audio will be made available on the company's

                           website as well as the exchanges.


                         Also do note that the audio on conference call is copyright material of Caplin Point and cannot

                         be copied, rebroadcasted or attributed in press media or social media without specific written

                            consent of the company.


                                    I would like to hand over the floor to our chairman for his opening remarks please.


C.C. Paarthipan:         Thank you. Good evening and welcome you all to our investors call. I think that most of you

                         must have gone through our press release but my colleagues will also highlight the salient

                              features of our performance.


Vivek Partheeban:        Okay. Thank you, chairman. So while we wait for his line to get cleared up, I'll provide a little

                             color on the latest developments, especially when it comes to the regulated markets specifically

                           Caplin Steriles and also Caplin Steriles USA, we've had another good quarter of growth in the

                   US focused entity rather, and with the growth in both product revenue and also profit share and

                            milestone revenues and it is a good mix of 75:25 at the moment with product revenue bringing

                               in 75% and milestone and profit share bringing in about 25%.


                           This trend has been very consistent in recent quarters. And there were a few questions that were

                              raised by investors themselves when we decided to take the front end route and then launch our

                     own label over there, but this goes to show that, this was a decision, in hindsight, was a good

                            one.

                                  Page 2 of 17
[page 3]
                                            Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                        February 05, 2026

We have also been receiving consistently good number of approvals from the US and the latest

one was a complex suspension injectable product named, Methylprednisolone that we got an

approval within first cycle, quite glad to share that our approval timelines are between 14 to 15

months on average compared to industry timelines of about 20 months.


We've also had first cycle approvals for emulsion injections and emulsion ophthalmic products

as well. And this not only goes to show the prowess that we have in R&D and regulatory

domains, but both these products that we've had recent approvals for have been launched in the

market and has been consistently garnering higher market share quarter on quarter.


So, even from a productivity and execution standpoint, we've been delivering. We also have

another ten products pending review with FDA and we expect these products to come through

within the next few months, so we'll be having close to around 65 ANDAs approved under

Caplin's name within a short period. So, with all the new approvals coming through, obviously

it looks like it's going to be a hectic next few months.


But in a good way. We have also acquired around 14 ANDAs from outside over the last few

months. And we are actively working on bringing these to market sometime in the next year. So

not only 2026, but 2027 also looks like it's going to be an exciting year for Caplin Steriles,

because of all the activity that is happening with new products getting approved and launched

and also some other acquired products being activated.


We understood that our vial lines, which are line one, two and five are going to be busy over the

next few quarters. So strategically from a development pipeline what we have done is, we've

started focusing more on line three and line six when it comes to scale up and submission batch

products. Line three is our ophthalmic line and line six is the latest one that we've activated

which is a pre-filled syringe and cartridge product line.


In the next 12 months we expect to complete at least 12 to 13 products in this range in the

ophthalmic and also pre-filled syringe range. That should come up for approval sometime by

end of next year, which gives us good hope that 2028 also is going to be quite full of activity

when it comes to product launches and revenue.


In addition to this, to ensure that we are investing consistently into unique capabilities in the

sterile space, we are getting into the blow-fill-seal range of products, so we've just placed an

order with one of the best manufacturers in the world from Europe named Rommelag for this

machine. It's a state-of-the-art completely integrated machine that is capable of manufacturing

products at very high levels of compliance and speed.


In the blow-fill-seal range, we have taken on around 14 products for development in this space.

And we expect the first products from this line to get approved sometime in late FY27, FY28 as

well. So, the last range that we're getting into is again in the sterile space, which is ophthalmic

ointments, which is also sterile in nature. So once this is done, we will be catering to pretty much

the complete gamut of all sterile products from Caplin.




               Page 3 of 17
[page 4]
                                                                    Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                                               February 05, 2026

                     And to cater to this significant pipeline of products that are being developed, we are fast tracking

                           our completion of Phase 3, which is internally what we call as Caplin One Lab's unit 2, which

                               will be housing eventually eight product lines, of which we are going to start by early next year

                           with at least five lines active. Out of the five lines, two are already completed, three more will

                         be completed by September to October of this year.


                         Taking into account all of this growth and development, we knew that compliance is something

                                that we need to consistently innovate on as well. So of course chairman will cover that in his

                            remarks, but in the midst of this all we've completed our EU GMP audit and also a Saudi FDA

                              audit with no critical observations. And we're happy to inform that our consistent compliance

                            record stretches out even further and it's going to get better.


                      One word on the US label. As I said in the beginning, we are very pleasantly surprised with the

                            progress that we are making with our US label. We are nearly at $10 million in revenue since

                             inception last year. And we have been able to do this without slashing costs and we've just been

                              disciplined with the strategy of keeping the products closest to the customer.


                     And the general shortages and supply chain efficiency that we are able to demonstrate is bringing

                             these revenues in. This is how we have built our Latin American business, which is by keeping

                            products closer to the customer. And the same thing is continuing on in the US as well for Caplin

                                Steriles and Caplin Steriles USA, we expect double-digit, high double-digit, revenue growth

                            next year onwards.


                         Couple of more updates from our side is that our Vizag API plant which is going to be by and

                              large used for backward integration of filing our own DMFs for our ANDAs that are in the

                          market has already scaled up three critical APIs. And we are targeting at least two to three more

                        APIs to be scaled up on a monthly basis from this site and expect our first DMF filing from this

                                   site by end of this year.


                              Finally our oncology injectable plant is also geared up for exhibit batches which will be starting

                                 this month. Out of all the acquisitions of ANDAs that we had done, four of them are oncology

                               injectable products as well and we also have an organic pipeline of 12 more products that we are

                         working on.


                            All of that will be scaled up for submission within this year. We expect to have the first few

                            products going for filing within the end of this year. So, that's basically what covers the regulated

                          market side of it. We can check if chairman's line is better now.


C.C. Paarthipan:        Good evening once again. Now let me focus on only on the two major steps that we've taken

                               recently. Number one is our video SOP, which is also known as a visual SOP, acts as a visual

                      hammer to replace the verbal cues. Our video SOP will convert invisible execution into

                             inspectable evidence for compliance. In pharma manufacturing, non-compliance  is not a

                             learning failure or a training failure, it's an execution visibility failure.


                        Pharma factories run on SOPs which is a traditional textbook one. Compliance is demonstrated

                               in seconds, which leads to issues. Hence Caplin converts current SOPs into visual scripts that

                        shows best practice actions in step-by-step details.

                                  Page 4 of 17
[page 5]
                                                                    Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                                               February 05, 2026

                 We also included regional languages for our factory workers. We further have plans to use

                            videos to celebrate the best performing operators as role models. The remote control online

                           monitoring tracking of who has done what in the night shifts, which will not only be monitored

                        by our own factories, but also by our Latin American team where it is daytime. We make video

                          viewing mandatory before operating the machines.


                       The other advantages of visual SOPs are as follows: number one, it will help networking with

                      many companies of our size for outsourcing of products that we don't manufacture, especially

                         from China. Number two, the CMOs will get the advantage to view the entire manufacturing at

                           our facility online through the video SOP, and it helps them to understand our practices and

                             timelines for the delivery.


                                       It will also help engineering department to replace the models as FAT, SAT, IQ, OQ, PQ, which

                                    is nothing but factory acceptance test, site acceptance test, installation qualification, operational

                                qualification, performance qualification. The video will help actually the new employees to do

                              the requalification, preventive maintenance and predictive maintenance. The guys who do this

                      FAT, SAT, IQ, OQ and PQ, even if they leave the company, the new guys who enter a factory

                               will use the videos and do the requalification and predictive maintenance.


                            We'll also add AI governance architecture to our video SOPs in future, and we have already filed

                             patent for this. In the next two years, we will also have 14 to 15 injectable lines, as you know

                              well, will be up and running. And our culture will not be merely in our words, but will be in our

                                    facilities. Our people will also follow four non-negotiables, which are integrity, quality, safety

                         and productivity.


                   Now number two, we recently recruited two erstwhile senior inspectors of Colombian INVIMA

                             as our executives, mainly for audit readiness in all our factories. They are doing the mock audit

                               in line with the US FDA guidelines as the guidelines of regulatory bodies are almost similar.

                       Our onco facility and CP I are expecting the INVIMA audit in April, and these professionals

                               will play a vital role in ensuring integrity and quality there.


                       They have inspected many biosimilar facilities in China, South Korea and Russia, and their

                             contact with these companies will also help us actually to find an opportunity for outsourcing.

                 We are for asset-light models from China. Now we'll go for an asset-light model for the

                                specialties in places like Korea, Turkey and Russia, too.


                            Biogenerics will definitely help us actually to improve our bottom line over a period of time.

                          Hence, the video SOP will act as a tool for networking with the companies mainly in China and

                           Korea. We also understand that to achieve our goals, we must change the current version of

                              ourselves. And it's not about doing more activities, it's all about doing right activities. Hence,

                             the two right activities are the one that I highlighted now. Thank you very much.


Vivek Partheeban:        Thank you Chairman. I request our CFO to throw some light on the numbers before we open up

                             the floor for questions.




                                  Page 5 of 17
[page 6]
                                                                    Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                                               February 05, 2026

D. Muralidharan:        Thank you, Mr. Vivek. Good evening, everyone, who has taken time off to take part in this call

                             of Caplin Point Laboratories for the third quarter ending December 31, 2025. Results for the

                            nine months ended are very gratifying. The group has achieved good growth across all financial

                            parameters. And we are happy to say that we have compared ourselves to the peer group ones

                         which have been announced till date, and we are in good stead, and we are comparatively higher

                            than many of them reported in terms of the profitability and growth.


                   Now coming to the operating revenue. The revenue grew by 10.6% Y-o-Y and total income

                        grew by 11.2% Y-o-Y. Nine months revenue is close to the entire year revenue of 2023-24.

                        Growth in other income of INR 16.47 crores has primarily come from deployment of incremental

                              cash. As I told in the last meeting also, we have a mandate for investing at least INR 300-plus

                             crores Y-o-Y additionally over and above what we invested in the past.


                           This year, the mandate is even more stringent to invest about INR 400-plus crores into the

                               financial instruments. So COGS has grown only by 9% in spite of the increase in turnover. If

                        you see the last three years, the COGS as a percentage of revenue has come down from 43% to

                       39%.


                      Opex grew only by 6%, way below the revenue growth and opex as a percentage of total revenue

                            stood at 24.46% as against 25.62% for the corresponding period, and you will be glad to know

                                that it has come down from 27% in 2023-24 to 24.46% in the current year. Both factors whatever

                                    I mentioned have resulted in a growth of 17% way above the revenue growth in EBITDA margin

                         and it is at 38.5% as against 36.5% in the last year corresponding period.


                              Capitalization of about INR 62 crores primarily in CSL has absorbed additional depreciation of

                     INR 5 crores and PBT again grew by about 17.8%, –INR 500 crores to INR 589 crores stands

                                 at 35.2% and happy to say that this is higher than the entire year of 2023-24, which was INR

                        565 crores. Then PAT again is INR 477 crores higher than the PAT of INR 461 crores achieved

                               in full year of FY24.


                            All the above positive factors have resulted in growth of 20.5% in PAT. PAT stands at 28.5%

                             as against 26.3% in the last year. It will be pertinent to note that we have been promising around

                    25% as the target PAT. We are well above that.


                     And coming to the balance sheet, net worth stands at INR 3,338 crores as on December. Cash

                         and cash equivalents is at INR 1,381 crores as against INR 1,180 crores after the investment of

                     INR 180 crores in capex. CWIP stands at around INR 195 crores majorly accounted by One Lab

                               injectables facility, which is under final stages of completion and the OSD plant, which we are

                                setting up near our facility in Pondicherry.


                            Inventory as we have been saying, the closest to the customer is the winning point for Caplin,

                         and it stands at about 67%, including the transit goods. 55% are there in our warehouses and

                    12% in transit reaching any time now. Receivable stands at 121 days as against 118 days even

                          though we've been promising 120 as a benchmark, it's slightly more because last 10 days of

                         December, we couldn't get the remittances inward because of Christmas vacations.



                                  Page 6 of 17
[page 7]
                                                                    Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                                               February 05, 2026

                         But that has been more than compensated by more remittances in the month of January, and we

                         hope to get back to the old level by March, if not by June.


                     And the cash flow from operations stands at INR 368 crores, as against INR 284 crores in the

                            previous period, the corresponding period. And free cash flow, as I said, after INR 180 crores in

                            capex, stands at INR 188 crores for the nine-month period ending December 2025. I think these

                             are the few points which I thought would brief you. Those results have been with you for a while

                        now, and we'd be more than glad to take any questions. So, over to you, Mr. Vivek. Thank you.


Vivek Partheeban:        Thank you. So, we can open up the floor for questions now, please.


Moderator:              Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of CA Garvit Goel from Serene Alpha.

                            Please go ahead.


Garvit Goyal:           Good evening, sir. First question is on Oncology's API facility. It is getting further delayed, sir.

                               Earlier we were speaking about Q1 FY27 and this PPT, we have mentioned Q3 FY27. While I

                           understand that we are doing the capex via internal accruals and all, but sir, these delays are now

                          going beyond the normalcy.


                            I'm sure like an efficient and experienced capital allocator like you, this must be in your mind

                           because ultimately we have to grow the business. So for that we need the assets at the right time.

                       So what is your view on it, sir, like why are these delays happening on a consistent basis? So

                                   that's my first question.


C.C. Paarthipan:          Okay. Delay, yes, it has happened. But in the current context, what is important actually is not

                              the delay, it's not opportunity denied actually. It is not a denied opportunity today. If it is fully

                          completed and that too when we get into the next level that too for the regulated market, this

                                  facility should be ready for the US FDA actually.


                     And we are also planning to go for 10 to 12 like injectables at the time of filing the form and

                                invite the US FDA inspector for the audit. Hence you are aware that sometimes the facility

                            completion, it takes its own time. It may be because of various reasons. The reason one here, I

                        would like to say like this, the ecosystem in Tamil Nadu has not been extraordinary like, what

                        do you have in Hyderabad or Bangalore or Vizag or Ahmedabad or Mumbai. Hence it also gets

                             delayed, that's one reason.


                        At the same time, as you rightly said, the money is not borrowed. There is nothing in the form

                             of actually interest loss. I won't say there is an opportunity loss also because sometimes it is for

                             the greater good which is difficult to understand. What is not obvious many a times actually it

                               will create some tangible opportunities also.


Vivek Partheeban:       One other point also, Garvit, is the API unit is going to be only for backward integration. But

                        remember that we're not really relying on our own API as the first source. This is going to be a

                          second source. So even if the API units get delayed by a further two to three quarters also, which

                               will not happen, but even if they do happen, it's not going to materially affect the company

                           because our R&D and our filing continues to happen despite it being our own API or from

                              external API.

                                  Page 7 of 17
[page 8]
                                                                    Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                                               February 05, 2026

                                 Till this point, 100% of all the filings and approvals we've received are from external API. So

                             please remember that this thought process of getting into our own API is strengthening our

                           supply chain, but by no means it is going to have any material impact immediately.


Garvit Goyal:          When you say the ecosystem is not extraordinary, like what kind of challenges are we facing?

                      Can you further elaborate that?


C.C. Paarthipan:            Talent, whether it is in the form of consultancy or in the form of some project heads actually.

                          People who come, you know, they don't stick. See, if you want to give me an example. See, at

                         one point of time you know ours is a turnaround story. Today, we are the number one company

                               in Tamil Nadu.


                          There are companies which are now 10-12 years ahead of us. In fact, you know, they started the

                       company much, much earlier to us. Still they have not even reached 50% of our sales also. I

                               don't want to mention the name of the company. Since you asked me, I have to answer that way.


Garvit Goyal:             Understood. And secondly on the growth part, first nine months our sales are up by 10% to 11%

                         which is well below our last three-year average of 15% which we used to use as a benchmark in

                              the recent calls. Even if I see your fixed assets, these have doubled in last 2.5 to 3 years, but our

                            top line is up by only 50% against that. So why are we slow in growing our top line, sir?


                                    I agree that base has become high, but I'm not asking for like we should grow 30%-35% on this

                            higher base, which I understand from the earlier concalls, earlier interactions as well, but not

                         even doing 20%-25% despite having strong capex and we earlier speaking about entering into

                              the new markets and new products approvals that we are getting on the continuous basis. So I'm

                            not able to understand why it is taking us like so much time to ramp up on the assets or the capex

                             or the efforts that we have made over the last two to three years, sir.


Vivek Partheeban:         Yes. See, we've been very consistent with our messaging that the next 18 to 24 months is going

                               to be a gestation and a consolidation phase for us, right. So there are multiple things that we are

                         working on. Number one, our entry into the larger markets of Mexico, Chile, Colombia. Number

                           two, our oncology business is still at a very nascent stage. And number three, our US label and

                           our US B2B business is getting consolidated right now.


                   Now remember, we're not in the domestic market where the minute you come up with a product

                        you can directly go and then start making sales, right. We're all in either emerging markets or

                             regulated markets where things take at least three to four years for some amount of gaining

                              maturity. So we feel that FY28 and beyond looks very exciting for the company on all fronts, on

                                    all these fronts that I was talking about which is larger markets of LatAm, US space and

                           oncology, etc. So we need to be a little patient but during this time we have been able to

                              consistently still grow at low double digits in our US business which is gaining much more

                               traction and showing growth of almost 25%-30% and we're also able to consistently put away

                               significant amount of cash into our reserves where we are building up a war chest where if there

                                    is even an outsized inorganic opportunity that comes through, we will not be shy to do that as

                              well. So I don't think we are slowing down by any means.



                                  Page 8 of 17
[page 9]
                                                                    Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                                               February 05, 2026

                                    I would say that we are consolidating and FY27-28 and beyond could be something that is very

                               interesting for us all to look forward to.


Garvit Goyal:            Got it, sir. And regarding on the margins front, is there any further scope of improvement in the

                          margins?


Vivek Partheeban:            I think we're at a PAT of 27%-28%.


Vivek Partheeban:            I am not sure, if too many peers within this range, Garvit, yes, but regardless of this, I think once

                     we start firing on all cylinders on these newer initiatives that we take up, there is a potential for

                                that to go up as well. I don't deny it, but I think at 28% for us to stabilize this and maintain itself

                        would be an excellent achievement. Yes.


Garvit Goyal:             Understood. So more probably because margins are at peak and for next 18 months we are

                           speaking about lower double digit sales growth, so bottom line should be more or less in line

                           with the sales growth only. Is that understanding correct?


Vivek Partheeban:        The bottom line will remain where it is, I mean look there might be one or two percentage points

                        up or down, but that 26% to 29% PAT is something where we are comfortable with and we

                            expect that to continue.


Garvit Goyal:            Got it. Thank you very much, sir, and all the best for the future.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ahmed Madha from Unifi Capital. Please go

                            ahead.


Ahmed Madha:            Yes, thanks for the opportunity. I have three questions. Firstly on the buyouts we made for few

                  ANDAs on the oncology side, if you can give some sense what amounts we have paid for the

                  ANDAs I think we got?


                           Secondly, what will be the timelines do the site transfer and the commercialization take, and

                         from the $473 million addressable market size, what sort of potential market share Caplin

                                Steriles can gain?


Vivek Partheeban:        Okay. So see some of this information is of confidential nature, so I won't be able to go into too

                      much details of it. But what I can give out is we are very, very prudent in how we spend our

                              cash. And that includes these acquisition targets also. The one clue I can give you is that we sort

                             of try and make it a point that any acquisition of an ANDA that we do is always equal to or

                          lower than the cost of actually filing that ANDA itself.


                       So you may draw your inferences from that. In addition to that, the timelines wise what happens

                                    is we need to do the site transfer by way of what you call as a Post-Approval Supplement, a

                       PAS. Now we need to run at least one batch of that product and then put that in stability for three

                        months and then apply for the PAS which is six months.





                                  Page 9 of 17
[page 10]
                                                                   Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                                               February 05, 2026

                       So all put together, we expect some of these products to come to market by early next year, late

                                 this year or early next year. And finally when it comes to the market share, out of the 14 products

                              there are two of them that are fairly large in size, but they're also extremely tricky because they

                         need completely dedicated lines, dedicated units etc.


                 We might not be doing that in-house. We are very actively scouting for contract manufacturing

                         companies for that. We've narrowed it down to two, both in Europe and we are in late stage

                             discussions for tech transfer to their side.


                       So in general, I think you can always expect the first couple of years to have about single digit

                          market share as and then when we consolidate and then when we have a larger portfolio of

                            products to offer, then that slowly starts inching up towards the double digits in terms of market

                               share.


Ahmed Madha:             Sure. That's very helpful. On the Mexico and Chile business, we have made lot of progress in

                           terms of approvals, building the pipeline, getting the inspection and the plant everything ready.

                                    If you can give some sense how far are we from meaningful top line generation from those

                           markets and what sort of progress we have made in terms of commercialization and getting the

                            top line ready?


Vivek Partheeban:         Yes. When it comes to again Mexico and Chile, I would still put the same timelines, at about 18

                               to 24 months is when we can start to see it firing on all cylinders. Of course when it comes to

                           both these markets, typically they are a little bit tender heavy as well, right?


                             Especially Chile, but there again we are trying to get into the private market which is what the

                           base of our business in Latin America is and we've been, more than 80% of our revenue from

                 LATAM come from the private market which is what we are trying to do the same in in Mexico

                         and Chile as well.


                            Chile is a little bit further ahead compared to Mexico because we've been in Chile for some time

                        now, but mostly on tenders. Now we are getting into the private market. And the same for

                        Mexico in 2026 as well. So I would still say that 18 months is a good timeline for us to see

                          something meaningful on the top line to the parent company.


Ahmed Madha:             Sure. Lastly on the P&L, if we look at the operating cost, it has been very stable for last few

                               quarters. We have made progress in the top line growth gradually. and I'm just curious to

                           understand that despite the new plants coming in both the plants which got commercialized I

                             think in the last three-four months, I'm assuming and top line growing gradually, the cost has

                         been broadly steady state. Would you like to help us understand what sort of explains that?



D. Muralidharan:          Yes, correct. So a couple of years back when we were in the same meeting we were asked for

                             the lower turnover relative higher cost, right? We built the infrastructure, we built the periphery

                     we as rightly said the employees have all been recruited for the enhanced capacity. So also as

                          mentioned by one of the previous speakers that most of the projects are under final stages,

                            nothing had been put to operation yet.


                                 Page 10 of 17
[page 11]
                                                                    Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                                               February 05, 2026

                       So the initially you capitalize whatever that pre-operating expenses are getting capitalized and

                            then once the product or projects are put on projects are put on steam and then start commercial

                     we will see the impact on the opex.


                     And as we have mentioned in the past also, previously our sales are on FOB basis to most of the

                             countries and about one and a half years back we have converted them into freight. The freight

                              cost as a percentage of turnover has also come down.


D. Muralidharan:         Okay. So as mentioned, the infrastructure has been created, the manpower has been recruited,

                                   facilities are created for the enhanced capacity. Once these projects go commercial, we will not

                            see any big spike in the expenditure as such. So, that is one of the reasons why even though the

                            top line is growing the operational expenditure is not growing in tandem.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrinjana Mittal from MS Capital. Please go

                            ahead.


Shrinjana Mittal:           Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Just one quick question if Mr. Sathya you can help me with

                           Caplin Sterile's EBITDA number? That would be very helpful. Thank you.


Sathya Narayan M.:       Yes, sure. Thank you for the question. for the quarter ended December 2025, the EBITDA for

                    CSL consolidated is INR 31.09 crores.


Moderator:              Thank you. Next we have a follow up question from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Serene

                           Alpha. Please go ahead.


Garvit Goyal:               Hi, thanks. Sir, is there any further material update on the inorganic acquisitions that we are

                             evaluating right now?


Vivek Partheeban:         Nothing to report at this point, please. So, if there is something material definitely we will update

                             as and when necessary but nothing is at very late stages or anything like that at this point.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question is from the line of Richa from Equitymaster. Please go ahead.


Richa:                    Yes, sir, I wanted to understand like I'm new to the company, in the last concalls I've gathered

                                  that, you had a INR 1,000 crores capex plan of which half was nearing completion and other

                               half was expected to happen over two to three years. Part of it is backward integration. If you

                           could give some clarity how much has already been incurred, what is the plan for next two years

                         and what kind of asset turn you are expecting over this capex?


D. Muralidharan:        So what we've capitalized so far is about INR 153 crores and INR 124 crores is in WIP. This is

                           adding up to about INR 280 crore. And what we have further advanced about INR 88.54 Crores.

                     INR 385 crores is already spent, the rest is to be spent in the next 12 to 18 months.


Richa:                   Okay. And asset turns also if you could give some clarity.


D. Muralidharan:         No, asset turn depends on when these projects get capitalized and start earning revenue, madam.



                                 Page 11 of 17
[page 12]
                                                                    Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                                               February 05, 2026

Richa:                            I understand. Let's say over three to four years, I was asking that, you know, because some of it

                                    is going into backward integration as well. So it might look very different from your historical

                              turnover. So at maturity in three to four years, what kind of asset turns do you expect over this

                          capex?


D. Muralidharan:                It'll be difficult to predict as of now because our asset turnover is not direct denominator versus

                          numerator because as chairman also put it, we are into asset-light model also. We are working

                           with various CMOs, CDMOs and whatnot, and then that will give me a top line where without

                         any contribution from the plants. And also we are investing heavily into R&D.


                       So which would not directly go into the commercial operations. So our existing products are or

                              the company is a mix of both asset-light model, R&D heavy and then project based. So it will

                            not be lower than what we are today.


Vivek Partheeban:       And also I think much of it will depend on the kind of products that we do and the market

                             positioning for those products at the time when they come to market etc. So typically for a multi-

                           product facility, typically for a company that focuses on different kinds of markets, that asset

                              turn is something that is difficult to really pin down, please. I think it's more if I'm not wrong, I

                             think it's more applicable to an API industry rather than formulation.


Richa:                And sir one more thing, like how should we look at the tax rates? Are they going to stay where

                            they are or inch up?


D. Muralidharan:          Yes, tax rates we have some avenues and we are at about 20%-21%, we expect that to be around

                                that in the coming years as well.


Moderator:          We have the next question from the line of Ketan, an Individual Investor.


Ketan:                         First of all, I'd like to place my appreciation for the chairman and his entire team for doing a

                                fantastic job. I've been invested in this company for the past few years and I've seen that, you

                        know, Q-o-Q you guys are delivering revenue growth, margins, cash, everything is fantastic?


                        Sometimes I feel it is too good to be a true story, but I mean it is what it is, so really, my

                             appreciation for the entire team. Now coming to my query, my question is for the nine month is

                                           it possible to provide the revenues for the Chile market?


C.C. Paarthipan:           Chile market what is happening there is as has been told actually by Vivek, this is a market

                         where you know is all tender heavy. Like 75% to 80% is tender and 20% is private market. And

                           very recently we told our guys to actually focus on private market and the first month itself they

                         have done some $100,000 the business although it's not huge, it's really good actually for a

                          market where people focus only on the tenders.


                       So hopefully the revenues are there but the issue is, this market being a tender market. And then

                              the import duties are very high. And the payments also from the government it comes little late

                        compared to some other countries. Starting from this month or next month they are likely to do

                          around $200,000 to $300,000 of remittance.



                                 Page 12 of 17
[page 13]
                                                                    Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                                               February 05, 2026

                 We are likely to get it from Chile, that's what I've been told by our people in Chile. Chile takes

                              time, but once we complete the OSD, we have completed more of injectables, injectables goes

                           only into the institutions.


                              Private market of course as you know well, we should sell more of OSD and other products, that

                             of course know now only we are submitting some products for registration. Hopefully in the

                            next one-two years we will do very well in Chile.


Ketan:                  The other query I have is on the US margins. Now when I look at your segmental figures, for

                              the nine months, you know the figure is about INR 323 crores for the US market revenue, and

                              the profit before tax is 34%. So, I just wanted to know that right now the margins look about

                    10% odd, but going forward is this likely to inch up? I mean in terms of the margins for the USA

                              business. Is it likely to go up in the next few quarters and few years?


C.C. Paarthipan:          Yes, coming to US business, I would like to say something afterwards, Vivek will actually brief

                              the whole thing. If you look at actually injectable facilities whether it is in China or US, always

                            big boys game. In two years, we will be in a position to complete 14 to 15 lines exporting

                            products to US, which is of course, it's not that easy, and we'll be one among the four maybe

                              three or four from India.


                     And I've also seen companies which are very advanced in China in the form of producing

                              biosimilars and lot of biologic products, hardly one or two company concentrate on US market.

                                       It is also true, compared to other markets, this is not that actually lucrative, but why we'll have

                               to get into this market because this is the biggest market in the world. If you can create many

                                lines like 14-15 lines, then what will happen you are part of the big boys game.


                                       It is not that we are going to compete with the big boys, but what we will do is, we will have to

                             increase the number of lines, to tell you honestly that I hustled my way out of the person I used

                               to be. I used to be a person in charge of marketing, I didn't know anything about actually

                            manufacturing. I had to play different role for the last three-four years, and now I understood

                              actually that we will be in a position to handle even 13 to 14 lines also over a period of time.


                       Once we get into that stage, maybe you know which I spoke in the form of video SOP and other

                               things, I am sure now one more in addition to that we are also going for women empowerment,

                         most of the women in the rural areas, they are totally deprived actually, and then the economic

                          independence makes all the difference to them.


                     And the men in rural areas are different from the women, so the women on one side actually

                           very disciplined, they come to work and they do their work also, only thing you'll have to teach

                           them. We are trying to teach them through video SOPs. Once that happens as I am 100% sure,

                                 this market, especially the US market will start fortifying us in such a way it has happened to

                       some other big companies of India.


Vivek Partheeban:         Yes. Thank you chairman. And when it comes to margins Ketan, how we look at it is see out of

                                 this INR 320 crores of revenue from the first nine months, is all from the existing products itself.



                                 Page 13 of 17
[page 14]
                                                                    Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                                               February 05, 2026

                     And some of these products are what others would call as slightly commoditized kind of

                             products, so despite that we've been able to have a fairly decent EBITDA number and a fairly

                            decent PAT number.


                            But, remember all of these acquisitions that we have done for the ANDAs all this R&D work

                                that we do, everything gets expensed out, we don't capitalize anything, so there is a bit of a drag

                           because of the plans that we have for the future. Over a period of time, especially when some of

                             these newer products etc come through, you will start to see the bottom line numbers go up.


                             In fact, even now I think we are comfortable with where they are, but this will definitely start to

                        go up. And FY27-28 and beyond as chairman said when we have 13-14-15 lines, your expenses

                                   start to cap out after a bit, and every additional revenue that you have, will be a direct impact to

                             the bottom line positively, you know. So we'll have to wait it out a little bit. We are happy with

                         where it is today because we know that this is in addition to all the drag that we've had in terms

                             of the R&D and the inorganic ones etc, so it should only go up from here.


Ketan:                  Thank you. Thank you for the responses. And once again, my deep appreciation to the entire

                         team at Caplan Point. Kudos to you all. Keep up the good work. Thank you so much.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachin Kasera from Svan Investment Managers.

                            Please go ahead.


Sachin Kasera:          Good evening to the entire team at Caplin Point. As mentioned by the previous participant,

                             congratulations to the team for the consistent performance that you've delivered, even in difficult

                            times in the last few years. So that's a great job. Just coming back in terms of the current

                            opportunity and the growth that we're talking of.


                       So the presentation mentions that Chile will be among the top five markets in the next two to

                              three years. So can you just quantify or give a some sense if not an absolute number, so when

                     we say top five markets are we talking like $10-$15 million type of revenue, some sense on that,

                      when you say the top five markets for us in the next two to three years?


C.C. Paarthipan:         $10 to $15 million per year definitely is possible. Maybe you know we will even actually go

                        beyond that one. That is for sure. If you look at one or two companies who are from India, they

                         have been doing a very good business, but again you know they all have more of OSD in the

                         form of like 80 to 90 products whereas we have more of injectables.


                     You are aware that you know we manufacture injectables for the US market. And we are also

                            focusing on OSD now, plus our oncology facilities also in the next two months will start the

                           commercials. We are planning we are also doing some studies for oncology products which of

                            course we will submit for registration. So we'll definitely do well actually in Chile that is for

                               sure. It's a question of time before it happens.


Sachin Kasera:          And can you comment a bit about Mexico? We have mentioned about putting up a facility also

                                there. So what type of investments are we looking at the Mexico facility, and that will be

                             primarily for serving the markets of Mexico or will that facility also serve markets other than

                        Mexico?

                                 Page 14 of 17
[page 15]
                                                                    Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                                               February 05, 2026

C.C. Paarthipan:         Mexico there is an advantage for the local industry. They give 10% to 15% advantage to the

                               local factories for the supply of tender business. That's one of the reason we are keeping this

                                  facility there. Second these are the products actually, where the transportation cost also is quite

                           high because ointments and others. We may even go for liquid orals also there.


                            We'll basically be transporting water from one continent to another continent. So, it’s ideal to

                                   start a factory in this part of the world because the cost of production will not go high, because

                             of the other factors which I mentioned now. Second we also get an advantage of supplying to

                              the tenders with 10%-15% additional margin.


                     And third we always believe in catering to the private market especially to the bottom of the

                           pyramid. I'm just waiting for the first inspection to be completed here from the USFDA. After

                                that I will go there to Mexico and see how exactly the market responds. Initial work, I always

                          used to do it, afterwards the Vice Chairman who happens to be my son used to take over. I'm

                                 just waiting for that to happen.


Sachin Kasera:           But any sense in terms of the type of investment we are looking in Mexico, broad range in terms

                             of the capex plan there?


C.C. Paarthipan:         The investment may not be very high for ointments and liquid orals. It will be in the region of

                     INR 100 to INR 125 crores. It will not be more than that, and most of these products there is

                            nothing in the form of bio-availability or bio-equivalence studies. So once we complete the

                                project, we'll be in a position to get into the market immediately.


Sachin Kasera:             Sure. My next question is regarding GLPs. You have mentioned that we are developing our own

                     GLPs and some of them, we are doing some sort of a tie up with Chinese companies. So next

                              three to four years what is the type of opportunity do we see that, can it be like a very meaningful

                             contribution to our overall revenue and profits?


C.C. Paarthipan:           In the next are you mentioning about the next three-four years?


Sachin Kasera:            Yes.


C.C. Paarthipan:       We will definitely do well in the next three to four years time. The kind of investment which we

                         make, it is not an investment which is very shallow, like, we are investing in hard assets. The

                               assets actually will definitely fructify over a period of time. Already we have around 50 dosages

                               in our CSL. And then in the next three-four years, you'll have 100 plus maybe 125 ANDAs.


                             In addition to that you will also go for global dossiers from that facility. And then we are also in

                             the process of completing another facility, I am talking of the APIs, both API, that's for captive

                           consumption. It'll be a vertically integrated company like any other big company. The only

                              difference is most of the big companies their API volumes are quite high whereas ours is for the

                             captive consumption.


                         But these big companies also, they slowly move actually from one area to the next area. But the

                         companies of our size, they will not get into the space, there will be hardly few companies.



                                 Page 15 of 17
[page 16]
                                                                    Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                                               February 05, 2026

                                    If you look at injectable companies, most of the companies that you see in India, either they are

                            big or people who are into CMO business. We are not into CMO business, we are like big

                           companies.


                 We are following the footstep of the big companies for manufacturing as well as filing the

                    ANDAs, filing the dossiers also for ANDAs. So we are sure to actually do very well not only in

                   US but also in Latin America and rest of the world too.


Sachin Kasera:             Sure. Thank you. But sir my question was more to do with GLPs.


Vivek Partheeban:         Yes. So when it comes to GLPs Sachin, we are entering into the smaller markets in Latin

                        America to begin with. And we are doing something very unique which we will reveal that as

                         and when the right patents and everything are set up, but at this point I would say that it's a little

                                  bit of an unknown space you know because what happens  is the GLPs have been very

                             extensively used in the developed market.


                       So in the developing markets we are just slowly starting to see some amount of usage. And only

                     now I think this year all the patents and everything except US will expire. So we will start to see

                           a little bit more clarity on how these products going to get picked up. Of course in India, one of

                        them has picked up significantly more than the other one.


                     And the truth is, it is moving in in a different direction in our opinion. But again, this is a

                            conversation that takes a long time. I would say that we would be in the second wave of people

                                that start to commercialize it, not in the first wave. To be honest with you, that might actually

                       work out better for companies like us to be in the second wave rather than the first wave.


Sachin Kasera:             Sure. Just one question on capex and also linked to that in terms of our overall in-house versus

                           outsourced production. So once we complete this capex of INR 1,000 crores, from what I

                            understand, right now we have a model whereby we partly manufacture in India and partly we

                             get it outsourced from China. So do you see how do you see that mix changing? Will it remain

                              the way it is right now or in the next three years, is there going to be a change in terms of the

                       mix between what we produce in India versus what we get it sourced from China?


C.C. Paarthipan:              I would like to say a few words on that one. If you look at China, we will never be able to

                         compete with them in cephalosporin and penicillin area. And we've been sourcing products of

                                penicillin and cephalosporin from China and we will continue to source from them. If you look

                                 at again biosimilars, they are much much advanced, even GLP products, the API at one point of

                           time it was actually $500 semaglutide. Today it has come down to $80.


                       So this a market where they can change the economies of scale. And some areas we will not be

                               in a position to actually compete with them, it's better to join somebody, whom we can't compete

                              with. That's one. Second how the change will come maybe in five years from now, the most

                            important thing one has to worry about it actually not this one, how the AI will impact the

                                industries.




                                 Page 16 of 17
[page 17]
                                                                    Caplin Point Laboratories Limited
                                                                               February 05, 2026

                                    If robot can replace 100 to 200 people, the manufacturing actually in US and the manufacturing

                               in India will be one and the same, probably the cost wise, because Indian if you do it for India,

                            then of course know export may not be that that's the reason what we are doing now.


                 We are slowly you know trying to also create some facilities in countries where they may allow

                              actually robots without any hesitation. So these is one thing which is the most important one

                            than any other things because we are also thinking of fill-finish biosimilars, we are also thinking

                             of various areas where you know India is positive, of course India-centric products. We are

                              trying to do China-centric products, we are following the asset-light model.


Sachin Kasera:               Is it fair to assume that 60-40 which is in-house versus outsourcing, probably could become like

                     65%-70% in-house and 30% outsourcing because we are doing almost INR 1,000 crores capex.

                       So that should mean that going ahead we are able to produce more in-house rather than

                             outsourcing.


C.C. Paarthipan:          You're right, you're right. It will happen, it will happen. But again what we will do is the

                            outsourcing part from China, we don't want to reduce it. The reason being, we are outsourcing

                         from big companies, and then we are outsourcing again actually products which cannot be

                              actually manufactured that cheaper in India, coming to that cephalosporin and penicillin.


                     And even if you want to go for a biosimilar facility, it is better to test the waters in the form of

                                   fill-finish rather than going actually for a factory from the scratch. So we will have some

                              collaboration with the Chinese partners and continue to do the business in the form of asset-light

                          model. What you said is true, this 60-40 may even go actually 70-30.


Sachin Kasera:          And just one last question, once we complete this INR 1,000 crores capex, are we going to look

                                 at another round of large capex or then for the next two-three years the capex intensity is going

                               to come down?


C.C. Paarthipan:           See, what will happen probably is you know we'll have to think of actually meaningful inorganic

                         growth after that. This can be in the form of acquiring the products, can be in the form of

                             acquiring a distribution company which will help us in the private market. It can be in the form

                             of some acquiring some companies where there'll be a value addition for Caplin Point. But not

                            too much in terms of manufacturing, manufacturing capex will go down.


Sachin Kasera:             Great, Chairman. Thank you so much and all the best.


C.C. Paarthipan:         Thank you so much.


Moderator:              Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the

                           conference over to the management for the closing comments.


Vivek Partheeban:        Thank you everyone, thanks for taking time out to join the call. And it was excellent interacting

                           with all of you as usual. We hope to stay in touch with each and every one of you. Thank you.


Moderator:           On behalf of Dolat Capital Markets Private Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you

                               for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.


                                 Page 17 of 17