[page 1]
INNOVA CAPTAB LIMITED
Plot No. 320, Industrial Area, Phase-1,
Panchkula, Pin-134113, Haryana, India.
Phone: +91-172-4194500


            14th August, 2026


           To,                                            To,
         BSE Limited                                  National Stock Exchange of India Limited
           Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                  Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
           Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001               Bandra Kurla Complex
         BSE Symbol: INNOVACAP                    Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051
         BSE Scrip Code: 544067                   NSE Symbol: INNOVACAP

         Dear Sir/Madam,

           Subject: Transcript of the investor/analyst earnings call held on Wednesday, 12th August, 2026

           This is in continuation to our letter dated 12th August, 2026, wherein we had informed regarding the
          audio link of the earnings call with analysts/investors for the quarter ended 30th June, 2026.

            In this regard, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said call.

         The transcript will also be available on the Company’s website i.e. INNOVA CAPTAB.

         You are requested to take this information on record.

          Thanking you,

          Yours faithfully,
          For Innova Captab Limited
        NEEHARI  Digitally signed                            by NEEHARIKA
                         SHUKLA       KA
                                 Date: 2026.08.14
       SHUKLA   17:58:54 +05'30'
          Neeharika Shukla
        Company Secretary and Compliance Officer





            Registered Office - 1513, 15th Floor, Satra Plaza CHS Ltd. Plot No. 19&20, Sector-19D, Vashi, Navi Mumbai-400703, Maharashtra, India.
                                 CIN - L24246MH2005PLC150371, email - mail@innovacaptab.com
[page 2]
              “Innova Captab Limited

      Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call”

                    12th August, 2026




 “E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors and readability. In case of discrepancy,
   the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 12th August 2026 will prevail.”





MANAGEMENT: MR. VINAY LOHARIWALA – MANAGING DIRECTOR –
             INNOVA CAPTAB LIMITED
            MR. LOKESH BHASIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
             INNOVA CAPTAB LIMITED




                                  Page 1 of 15
[page 3]
                                                                             Innova Captab Limited
                                                                                   August 12, 2026



Moderator:                Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Innova Captab Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings

                               Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an

                            opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance

                            during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your

                           touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.


                           This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are

                          based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These

                            statements are not guarantees of any future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that

                              are difficult to predict.


                          Today, from the management side, we have with us Mr. Vinay Lohariwala, Managing Director,

                        Mr. Lokesh Bhasin, Chief Financial Officer and SGA, Investor Relation Advisor.


                                    I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vinay Lohariwala, Managing Director of Innova Captab

                            Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.


Vinay Lohariwala:        Thank you. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. It is my pleasure to

                       welcome you all to Innova Captab Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. We have started financial

                            year '27 on a strong note, delivering strong year-on-year growth of 34% and 33% in revenue and

                    EBITDA respectively for the quarter.


                       The performance is broadly in line with growth trajectory we have outlined in the year and

                           provided -- provides further confidence in our ability to deliver on our guidance of 20% revenue

                         growth and profitability outpace revenue for FY27. This performance reflect the continued

                              strength of our diversified business model, disciplined execution, sustained customer traction

                             across the CDMO and branded generic business.


                        Growth during the quarter was supported by steady order flows, an expanding product portfolio

                         and deeper engagement with both existing and new customers. Our continued focus on

                             operational excellence, manufacturing efficiency, and stringent quality standard has enabled us

                               to strengthen our competitive position and effectively address the evolving requirement of our

                          customer across domestic and international markets.


                      Coming to our CDMO business. The CDMO business reported revenue of INR328 crores during

                    Q1 FY27, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 32%. We continue to witness healthy demand

                             across our customer base and our focus remains on strengthening relationships with our existing

                            customers, increasing our share of business with them, and simultaneously adding new

                           customers across therapeutic categories and dosage form.


                        Over the years, we have built a broad and diversified product portfolio supported by strong

                            formulation development capabilities. We continue to invest in product development and

                        complex dosage capabilities, which will enable us to address a wider range of customer

                            requirements and  further  strengthening our  position  as a  trusted CDMO  partner. Our

                           manufacturing capabilities remain a key competitive strength.


                                  Page 2 of 15
[page 4]
                                                                             Innova Captab Limited
                                                                                   August 12, 2026

                        With technologically advanced facilities, increasing automation, robust quality systems and

                              scalable manufacturing platforms, we are well-positioned to support the growing requirement of

                           our customers while maintaining consistency, efficiency and compliance.


                      Coming to our branded generic business. The branded generic business continued to maintain

                            healthy momentum with revenue of INR142 crores, growth of 39% year-on-year basis. Our

                                strategic focus remains focused on strengthening our presence in existing markets and gradually

                         expand into newer domestic and international geographies.


                 We continue to broaden our product offering and deepen market penetration supported by our

                              integrated manufacturing and product development capabilities. Over the medium and long

                             term, we believe the branded generic business provides us the significant opportunity to further

                              diversify our revenue base and strengthen our presence across the key markets.


                       Our long-term focus remains firmly aligned with building Innova Captab into a future-ready,

                              scalable pharmaceutical organization, while maintaining a strong focus on disciplined capital

                              allocation and sustainable value creation.


                       Our strategic priorities remain clear: improving capacity utilization across our manufacturing

                                    facilities, expanding our  capabilities in complex dosage forms, strengthening our R&D

                             platforms, deepening customer relationships and expanding our branded generic presence across

                         key markets.


                        At the same time, we remain committed to deploying capital in a disciplined and prudent manner

                           with investments being prioritized towards opportunities that offer optimum returns, strengthen

                           our capabilities and competitiveness, support our long-term growth objectives.


                 We remain confident about the opportunities ahead and are committed to creating sustainable

                           long-term value for all our stakeholders. With this, I would like to hand over to call to our CFO,

                        Mr. Lokesh Bhasin, to take you through the financial performance for Q1 FY27. Thank you.


Lokesh Bhasin:          Thank you, sir. And good morning, everyone. I will now walk you through the financial

                              highlights for Q1 FY27. Q1 FY27 highlights. Our Q1 performance reaffirms the growth

                               trajectory and we remain confident of delivering on our stated growth objectives. With healthy

                       demand across our businesses and continued execution focus, we believe the momentum is

                              sustainable in the future also.


                           Consolidated revenue for the quarter stood at INR470.9 crores, registering a strong 34% year-

                           on-year growth supported by strong demand across both our business areas. Exports contributed

                    32% of our revenue during this quarter, reflecting the continued progress we are making in

                          expanding our presence across international markets.


                       Our CDMO business reported revenue of INR328.7 crores, growing by 32% year-on-year. The

                         growth was driven by an expanding product portfolio, addition of new customers, and deeper

                         engagement with existing customers, resulting in higher wallet share. Our branded generic

                            business recorded revenue of INR142.2 crores, representing a growth of 39% year-on-year,

                           supported by continued traction across our key markets.

                                  Page 3 of 15
[page 5]
                                                                             Innova Captab Limited
                                                                                   August 12, 2026

                    On the profitability side, EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR75.1 crores, a growth of 33%

                            year-on-year with a margin of 16%. Profit after tax for the quarter came in at INR44.1 crores,

                               reflecting a growth of 42% year-on-year.


                        With this, I would like to conclude our opening remarks and open the floor for question-and-

                            answers. Thank you.


Moderator:              Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first

                            question comes from the line of Achal Maheshwari from Naredi Investment. Please go ahead.


Achal Maheshwari:         Hello, sir. I just had two questions. So, can you -- is it possible to give the breakup for our

                          branded business between domestic and international branded?


Lokesh Bhasin:            So, at an overall level, while break up -- further breakup at a business area wise, we normally do

                            not track, but at an overall business overall consolidated revenue basis, our domestic business is

                          around 70%, export business is around 30%.


Achal Maheshwari:       Okay, sir. And just what is our current capacity utilization for our newly commissioned Jammu

                                 facility?


Lokesh Bhasin:            So, Jammu plant has just started ramping up. So, if I see this quarter at an annualized basis, we

                              are looking at a capacity utilization of around 25% to 30% on an annualized basis, based on the

                          performance of this particular quarter.


Achal Maheshwari:      And sir, what are the asset turns that we expect from this particular plant?


Lokesh Bhasin:            So, at an optimum level, we expect that the asset turn from this plant would be north of 3x.


Achal Maheshwari:       Okay, sir. Thank you so much.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Juhi Kumari from Narnolia Financial

                              Services. Please go ahead.


Juhi Kumari:              Hello?


Moderator:                Yes, ma'am, please go ahead.


Juhi Kumari:              Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations to the team for the good set of numbers. I had

                           a couple of questions. My first question is regarding the networking capital, like management

                       was like aiming for the historical level following the Jammu ramp-up. So, what is the net

                         working capital cycle?


Moderator:                Sorry to interrupt, ma'am. May I request you to please use the handset as your voice is not clear.


Juhi Kumari:              Hello? Hello?


Moderator:                Yes, please go ahead.



                                  Page 4 of 15
[page 6]
                                                                             Innova Captab Limited
                                                                                   August 12, 2026

Juhi Kumari:              Yes. I was asking about what was the networking capital cycle as of June 30, 2026? And also,

                              are the inventory holding days and trade receivable normalizing back towards the historical

                               levels following the Jammu ramp up?


Lokesh Bhasin:            So, see, as far as our Jammu ramp-up is concerned, the initial working capital has already been

                                built up and factored in our initial ramping days previous year itself. And as of now, we are

                            maintaining our expected cash conversion cycle of 90 days, plus-minus 10 days for our entire

                          group level.


Juhi Kumari:             Okay. Okay, thank you,  sir. And one more question, like how many new products or

                            formulations were commercialized in the first quarter and what is the planned R&D spend

                            percentage to sales at the remainder of the FY27?


Lokesh Bhasin:            So, our overall R&D spends range between around 0.7% to 1% of our total revenue in general.

                     And at the same time, see there is a continuous flow of new product developments, and R&D

                         keep on working on new products in a very firm timelines to be commercialized in short-term,

                           mid-term, and long-term.


Juhi Kumari:             Okay, okay. Thank you so much.


Lokesh Bhasin:            So, it is a normal, it's a normal course of business in which new products depending upon

                          customer and market demands are introduced by R&D through proper study and research.


Juhi Kumari:             Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. That's all.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Deepak Ajmera from IGE India. Please go

                            ahead.


Deepak Ajmera:           Yes, hi, am I audible?


Vinay Lohariwala:         Yes.


Deepak Ajmera:           So, what will, what is our revenue from the Jammu facility in absolute terms, if you can mention

                               in this quarter specifically?


Lokesh Bhasin:            So, this quarter we have achieved a revenue of around INR107 crores from Jammu.


Deepak Ajmera:          Got it. And what was the revenue last quarter?


Lokesh Bhasin:          Around INR90 crores.


Deepak Ajmera:          Okay. Is there -- the ramp-up at Jammu is a bit slow?


Lokesh Bhasin:           No, sir. So, Jammu, Jammu ramp-up is pacing up the way we expected. So, we should also

                            consider that normally quarter one, there is a seasonal impact of the entire year. And from, see,

                         from Q2 onwards the normal healthy season start picking up. So, in coming quarters, we are

                            expecting the Jammu plant should also ramp up as we see.



                                  Page 5 of 15
[page 7]
                                                                             Innova Captab Limited
                                                                                   August 12, 2026

Deepak Ajmera:          Thank you.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pavithra Jaivant from Prime Investor.

                            Please go ahead.


Pavithra Jaivant:           Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on the numbers. I just wanted to know

                     how should we look at a possible conflict of interest between your CDMO business and your

                          branded generic business? Is that something we should think about?


Lokesh Bhasin:            So, you're talking about the contribution of these two business areas in our overall revenue

                          growth?


Pavithra Jaivant:       No sir, I'm just talking about a conflict of interest. Like for example, if you have the same product

                         which you're making for your CDMO clients as well as under your own branded generics

                              business, would that be considered a conflict of interest? How would that work?


Lokesh Bhasin:             See, while we are having two front-ended business areas, CDMO as well as branded generic

                              business. So, from a plant perspective, from a manufacturing capability business, this our

                          branded generic business is just considered as a normal CDMO customer by our plant. So, from

                                that particular viewpoint, there is no, I would say, additional treatment or any special treatment

                               for our branded generic business.


                           So, from a manufacturing capability business, they are just producing for both business areas.

                     And at the same time,  it's a competitive industries. And whatever products that has been

                               transferred from manufacturing capability, from manufacturing plants to our branded generic

                            business are transferred on an arm's length basis.


                     And in an open market, it is a open competition. And at the same time, it's a normal industry

                                practice, accepted practice to have that CDMO business is having also a branded generic

                              business. So normally it doesn't, there is no conflict of interest per se, having both CDMO as

                            well as branded generic business.


Pavithra Jaivant:         Okay, thank you sir.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vedant Nilekar from ICICI Securities.

                            Please go ahead.


Vedant Nilekar:           Hello sir, am I audible?


Lokesh Bhasin:            Yes, please.


Vedant Nilekar:            Congratulations to the management for a great set of numbers. I just have one question on the

                            gross margin front. So, we have seen a Y-o-Y dip in the margins. Could you please throw some

                                light on it and how do we see the trend for the full year?


Lokesh Bhasin:             See, the movement in gross margin is a combination of our overall business mix so it is just 1%,

                       1.5% down from year-on-year. So, which is in the normal course of business and mainly due to

                             the contribution of our different business mix in overall kitty.

                                  Page 6 of 15
[page 8]
                                                                             Innova Captab Limited
                                                                                   August 12, 2026

Vedant Nilekar:            Right, so on an overall year basis, we should not expect a major deviation?


Lokesh Bhasin:            Yes, it should, it should. So as of now, we have posted a gross margin of around 35.5%. So, our

                              overall at a full year level, this should maintain between this range plus minus 2%.


Vedant Nilekar:          Okay. Got it. Thank you.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ankit Shah from Canara Robeco AMC.

                            Please go ahead.


Ankit Shah:               Yes, hi sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a great quarter. My first question is

                               related to your growth. So, we managed a 34% Y-o-Y growth. Can you break it up between

                        volume and realization and also excluding Jammu what was the volume growth if you could

                            give some sense?


Lokesh Bhasin:              Ankit-ji, while your voice was not that audible, you were just asking the that 34% of revenue

                         growth breakup between existing and Jammu, am I right?


Ankit Shah:               Yes, sir, volume, and also volume growth as well.


Lokesh Bhasin:           Okay. Yes, yes, yes. So, volume growth, at overall level on a revenue basis, if I break this growth

                               into two parts, volume is around 20% to 22% growth year-on-year at an overall manufacturing

                              capability level. And the rest of the growth has been fuelled up by favourable change in

                             product/sales mix and favourable pricing.


Ankit Shah:                Right. And of this 22%, I mean, excluding Jammu, just roughly, how much would have been the

                        volume growth?


Lokesh Bhasin:                I think it should be in the range of 12% to 14%.


Ankit Shah:              Got it, sir. And secondly, you gave a sense on the revenues from Jammu, but now how would

                             the profitability look? I mean, are we now positive EBITDA margin on that?


Lokesh Bhasin:            Yes, so we are pleased to inform that this quarter we have posted a positive EBITDA for Jammu

                               to the tune of INR1 crores to INR1.5 crores.


Ankit Shah:              Okay, okay. Got it. Thirdly, there is a rise in other expenses on a Y-o-Y and Q-on-Q basis. So,

                            any, any cost in particular reason especially in light of global supply chain disruption. So,

                           anything you would like to call out there?


Lokesh Bhasin:            So, Ankit-ji, if you see from a percentage basis, my other expenses has slightly reduced on a

                            year-on-year basis, but yes overall cost has increased which is commensurate with the increase

                               in my operations also. And yes, as far as that conflict is concerned there was slightly increase in

                                logistics cost which has been duly factored in our overall with the period of time and in overall

                          revenue scenario also. It was not that material.


Ankit Shah:              Okay. Got it. And so, in the light of the strong performance in this quarter do you still maintain

                             the guidance of like 20-plus percent or is there a room to upgrade that for this year?

                                  Page 7 of 15
[page 9]
                                                                             Innova Captab Limited
                                                                                   August 12, 2026

Lokesh Bhasin:            So, Ankit ji, whenever we said growth for projective rate is always on a volume basis. So as of

                        now, we are maintaining that we are growing north of 20% on volume. And we would like to

                           maintain that we are very much confident that we should be growing on a 20% plus volume

                         growth in coming period also.


Ankit Shah:              Okay. But the business mix tailwinds that should continue for the coming quarters as well or

                       was there anything one-off in this quarter?


Lokesh Bhasin:            So, see from an overall business perspective while our front-ending team keeps on working on

                            bringing value to the table and doing value addition to overall kitty. But since there are other

                        macro political and geopolitical reasons which keep on changing. So, we will evolve as and

                      when these things unfolds.


Ankit Shah:            And lastly, can you give any updates on the Baddi capex and also capex guidance for this year

                         and next?


Lokesh Bhasin:          So as far as our general capex is concerned it will go in normal course of business for both

                          maintenance as well as our certain growth capex to help augment our overall capabilities in our

                              existing manufacturing plants. And in addition to this as we submitted also regarding that Baddi

                      new plot that we bought last year, so the plan as of now is on same line. And we are still working

                               to firm it up. So as and when we will firm it up, we will come to the market with a more concrete

                              plan.


Ankit Shah:              Got it sir. Thank you and wish you all the best.


Lokesh Bhasin:          Thank you ji. Thank you.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment.

                            Please go ahead.


Pritesh Chheda:             Sir just on the margin bridge, so Jammu margin is about 1% to 1.5% which means non-Jammu

                         margin is plus 20%. Now we always in our growth phase would have a situation where there

                               will be a new plant which will come up. So, let's say in this phase, where do we see the overall

                         margin heading before the new plant comes in?


Vinay Lohariwala:         So, Pritesh ji, if you see the Jammu expansion is a large expansion when you see the existing

                              base. When we done the INR500 crores capex that time let's say the ex-Jammu capex was also

                                like a INR500 crores. So, it's a 100% FAR extension to the existing one. So, the future expansion

                           could not be in a that territory that in a single sort INR1000 crores is not invested.


                           So, it could be like a tranches of like INR200 crores, INR250 crores. So, drag on the existing

                         margin could not be that much. I think you understand what I am trying to say. Now Jammu is

                           a big project for the company, on the base of the INR500 crores expansion was INR500 crores.

                  Now let's say if we are doing a INR250 crores expansion, then the operational expenses or the

                             depreciation will not be that material for the overall console balance sheet.




                                  Page 8 of 15
[page 10]
                                                                             Innova Captab Limited
                                                                                   August 12, 2026

                           So, the question number two that once the Jammu start giving a good EBITDA margin, then the

                              overall margin that is at a level of 15% to 16% should expand.


Pritesh Chheda:          Your ex-Jammu margin is 20% today, so should the overall company level margin should move

                             eventually towards 18% to 20% number?


Vinay Lohariwala:         So, for margin guidance, we always maintain that 15% to 16% plus-minus 2%. Right. So that

                           because of the growth engine as well as the other things. Right. So, if once the Jammu margin

                                    is maturing and the new factor in capex, right, can have the 1% or 2% drag, right. So, assuming

                    20% is very high expectation. I think it 17%, 18% is the fair number.


Pritesh Chheda:         So basically,  it's a 20% consistent volume growth with margin improving to 18% in the

                           forthcoming years is where the business model sets in?


Vinay Lohariwala:         So, our statement is that 20% volume growth vis-a-vis 20% sales growth. And let you as the

                              analyst decide where the margin should go.


Pritesh Chheda:          Okay. And just last question, on the utilization side, the current assets how much more volume

                         growth is possible from the whole combined assets. Is it a two-year volume growth, three-year

                        volume growth that you have with you?


Vinay Lohariwala:         So, in the last con-call also we maintain that line that from where the future growth will come?

                           So, one thing is that the existing capacity with the volume growth will saturate, right? So, we

                         need to expand the existing capabilities. Right? So, let's say if we have the general tablet capsule

                             or liquid, we need to expand in that area. The other is that we have the opportunity where we are

                            not present currently.


                          Like  if you see the pharmaceutical is a large plate of the formulations dosage form and

                              therapeutic categories dedicated sections, right, and we are present almost in let's say six or

                          seven categories, right. So, we have that in the past also we expanded one by one in the other

                             area and successfully we have created a good revenue growth because of that as well.


                           So, both of the engines will work that one is that let expand where we are strong, we are reaching

                               to the saturated capacity, let expand in that area. And number two, let open up the new dosage

                         form or the new therapeutic category area, right, where we are currently not present. Right? So,

                           both the engine can help the company to grow or maintain this 20% plus CAGR in the future.


Pritesh Chheda:          Okay. So, there will be ongoing capex in certain categories which are already saturated this year?

                            Correct? Despite Jammu facility despite Jammu facility having being operated at 30% or 25%

                                 utilization, because those categories are not there in Jammu. Correct? So, you need to invest.

                              Plus, if you add any new category then there will be an ongoing investment for that new category.

                              That's how we have to assess.


Vinay Lohariwala:         Yes. So, let's say Jammu we have expanded in the category of Penem, Beta and Cepha where

                     we have a sufficient capacity looking next two to three years. Where we can have the terms like

                           a general facility of the Baddi portfolio, core Baddi portfolio, right. So in in that category, we

                         need to expand or the basket extension expansions. So, whenever we will zero on that front any

                                  Page 9 of 15
[page 11]
                                                                             Innova Captab Limited
                                                                                   August 12, 2026

                                strategical concurrent move will be there with the Board approval, we will definitely inform the

                                 street and will come back to with that detail proposal.


Pritesh Chheda:         Can you give out your growth capex annual growth capex number. As of now, what is your

                           annual growth capex number and annual maintenance capex number for two years?


Lokesh Bhasin:         You are talking about previous year.


Pritesh Chheda:        No in forthcoming year FY27 and FY28 what will be your growth capex and what will be your

                          maintenance capex?


Lokesh Bhasin:            Yes. So, my general maintenance capex will be in range of INR20 crores to INR25 crores. And

                         growth capex when I say growth capex it would be only for my existing capability augmentation

                             or certain debottleneck it should be in the range of same range around INR20 crores to INR30

                               crores.


Pritesh Chheda:          Okay. Until you announce a bigger large newer category or newer greenfield.


Vinay Lohariwala:         So, this is basically internal debottlenecking or replacement of the equipment with a better

                              efficiency or doubling the capability of the equipment per se. Whereas few capex goes in the

                          maintenance replacing of the aged asset. So, this too already explained by the Lokesh. And

                         whenever there will be a greenfield project expansion, we will definitely inform the street.


Pritesh Chheda:          Thank you very much sir.


Vinay Lohariwala:        Thank you.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vansh Gupta from Prescient Capital. Please

                        go ahead.


Vansh Gupta:            Hi sir, am I audible?


Lokesh Bhasin:          Yes please.


Vansh Gupta:              Right. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of numbers this quarter.

                               Sir I just wanted to an understanding, the export mix in our revenue has been growing quarter-

                             on-quarter since in the last few quarters. And excluding Jammu margins are close to 20% as of

                     now which you are saying is a one-off case. It's not sustainable, percentage it’s close to 18%.


                      Would it be fair to assume that given that we are a cost-plus model, and even the fact that we

                              are achieving an 18% margin. That's largely because exports business of ours is a higher margin

                            business and because of increasing contribution from it, our margins are seeing higher than other

                CDMO players out there. Would that be a fair assumption sir?


Lokesh Bhasin:           Vansh, our revenue and margin profile is a combination of a complex business areas as well as

                            geographical market and there is a certain margin profile for each and every business. So that's

                     why we always, because in quarter-to-quarter and period-to-period depending on the market and

                            seasonal conditions, these contribution may slightly keep on changing from period-to-period.

                                 Page 10 of 15
[page 12]
                                                                             Innova Captab Limited
                                                                                   August 12, 2026

                              That's why we always maintain that on an average level, our margin profile will remain 15%

                         and 16% blended level, which having a contribution all those business areas and manufacturing

                                capabilities, plus minus 2% to factor all those volatilities. So that's why we maintain a statement

                                that in on a running basis, on a normal BAU basis, our margin profile remains in the range of

                    15% to 16%, plus minus 2%.


Vansh Gupta:            Got it sir. Sir the ex-Jammu margin that we have achieved this quarter, has that also been

                          impacted because of an increase in API prices quarter-on-quarter, given that our gross margins

                                also, if you look at on quarter-on-quarter basis, our gross margins have also improved. So, has

                                that also contributed to our margins?


Lokesh Bhasin:            So, as I submitted that out of my revenue growth of 33%, 34%, 20%, 22% comes from volume

                         growth and my existing capabilities have also contributed to that growth. So, it's a combination

                             of my getting optimizing my resources and getting a beneficiary of crossing that operating

                            leverage at the same time ramping up of Jammu has also been contribution to overall scenario,

                            but you are talking about ex-Jammu.


                     And yes, since we maintain a cost-plus model and transference of our API prices to customers,

                              there may be certain element of that addition also, but not to that material level.


Vansh Gupta:            Okay. So, given the gross margins have expanded, would it be fair to assume there have been

                       some positive impact of API price increases on our margins this quarter?


Vinay Lohariwala:         So, API price is basically generally a pass through, right? Rather than gain or loss, it is a pass-

                           through model. And when in few cases you can assume that or we can assume that we have the

                            inventory in hand to it can impact positively and in few cases, we have the sales order in hand

                         and we don't have the inventory where it can negatively impact us. So, we do not speculate on

                             the API price, generally our focus is business performance, rather than API prices. In in a broad

                          spectrum our line is that we have the pass-through model.


Vansh Gupta:             Understood sir. Thank you for the explanation. And sir on Sharon, I believe we achieved around

                      INR240 crores of revenue last year. How has the revenue growth been this quarter on an year

                        on year basis?


Lokesh Bhasin:          So there has been a seasonal impact on Sharon's performance and on a full year level, we expect

                                that it will be continue to growing as our expectation our organic business.


Vansh Gupta:              Right, so around 20% year on year growth in Sharon as well.


Lokesh Bhasin:            Organic business we always maintain it should be in early teens.


Vansh Gupta:              Early teens.


Vinay Lohariwala:       So how we are getting the 20% plus is we have covered in our previous con calls as well that

                              early teens from the base businesses and then the top-up flavour that comes from the Jammu.

                          That is the how the company strategy is to achieve 20% plus.



                                 Page 11 of 15
[page 13]
                                                                             Innova Captab Limited
                                                                                   August 12, 2026

Vansh Gupta:            Got it sir. Thank you for that clarity. And sir I believe in the last quarter, we had also discussed

                                that we were developing some semaglutide products. Has there been any new development in

                             the same this quarter?


Vinay Lohariwala:         So, the sema, what we have covered in the last con call, the status is as is, we are closely

                           watching, our development and the plant team is working on the batches.


Vansh Gupta:            Got it sir. Thank you so much for all the answers sir, wishing you the best of luck. That's all

                         from my side.


Management:            Thank you.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Amrita Maloo from Dhunseri Investments.

                            Please go ahead.


Sudarshan:                Hello sir, this is Sudarshan. Congrats on a good set of numbers. I wanted some clarity on the

                     Jammu plant margin profile. Like at the earlier participant asked that our current base business

                                    is already doing 20% margin. But still, we are guiding that our overall console margin will range

                          around 16% plus minus. Like if I wanted to understand what's the Jammu plant's margin profile

                               will be?


Vinay Lohariwala:         So, Jammu margin profile will be in line with the base business margin profile once it will cross

                             the breakeven line that is already done. So now we estimate that once the Jammu ramp up then

                         most of the margin will go and sit in the contributing margin of at the company level.


Sudarshan:                So, sir, like the base business EBITDA margin this quarter is approximately 20%. And our

                              overall reported margin is 16%. And as you mentioned that we have already hit break even,

                              actually positive in this quarter, and as we expect ramp up, our Jammu business margin, you

                      mean to say will come to 20% margin? But then you are not guiding for overall?


Vinay Lohariwala:       So multiple times we have covered that our normalized margin let do not take that 20%, let take

                                           it in a band of 17% to 18%, right? So, the Jammu will also once 17% to 18% of the margin

                               profile from the base of 16% we should upgrade towards 2% to 3% extension when the Jammu

                                   start giving a contributing margin.


Sudarshan:               Okay. And sir, like one more few things our Jammu plant at peak will do a revenue of around

                     how much?


Lokesh Bhasin:           INR1,400 crores. that is an optimum revenue that we anticipate at a utilization of 65% to 70%.


Sudarshan:               Okay. And like sir the margin which we are contemplating for Jammu plant like is this inclusive

                             of the government incentives or that is over and above?


Lokesh Bhasin:           No, no, that is already factored in our revenue and overall profitability statements.


Sudarshan:                 Fair enough sir. Understood. I think for now I am done. I will get back to the queue sir.


Lokesh Bhasin:          Thank you.

                                 Page 12 of 15
[page 14]
                                                                             Innova Captab Limited
                                                                                   August 12, 2026

Vinay Lohariwala:        Thank you.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nitish Rege from ChrysCapital. Please go

                            ahead.


Nitish Rege:                Hello, hi. Hope I am audible.


Vinay Lohariwala:         Yes, hi Nitesh. Go ahead.


Nitish Rege:               Yes. So just one question, Q1 is generally a weak quarter and we have done 22% volume growth.

                           So, you expect better volume growth in the coming quarters and should we basically assume

                       more than 20% volume growth for this year?


Vinay Lohariwala:         Yes, so Nitish, in the last quarter what the statement was that 20% plus growth expected this

                              year. So that is based on the volume growth only keeping the price as a constant, right? So, this

                                 after closing the Q1 and in mid of the Q2 we hopefully we will deliver 20% plus volume growth

                        on a year-on-year closing basis.


Nitish Rege:              Got it sir. Thank you. That's all.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Siddhant Mantri from InvesQ Investments.

                            Please go ahead.


Siddhant Mantri:          Yes, hi sir. Thank you for this opportunity. I hope I am audible.


Vinay Lohariwala:         Yes. Please go ahead.


Siddhant Mantri:         Yes sir. So, I wanted to ask on the Jammu plant, how much visibility do we have and what kind

                             of timelines can we assume for optimum level of utilization?


Vinay Lohariwala:       So Siddhant, if you see how the business all around the any facility is being developed. Even if

                        you see our Baddi facility or the plant for the Jammu. So, it is augmented by let's say multiple

                           domestic marquee customers, then our presence in the ROW market, regulated market. So once

                             the onboarding of the customer and let's say the product as well, right, customer's audit, country's

                              audit one by one it is cleared then the dossier approvals or the product approvals is being done,

                            then the how the business grow at a steady state.


                       So initially we have started this facility in the January last year, we have our team have done a

                          wonderful job. A lot of audit is already being done, the plant has been fixed up approved now

                             the last year, right, and adding the flavour of the different ROW countries over and above that,

                                  right, and we are expecting that in by the end of this financial year we may have the product

                           approval from the different market also.


                       So once that all come then the formula one plus one 11 works, right? So that is how we can cross

                             the INR1,000 crores revenue mark from the Jammu. Onboarding of the countries, products,

                            customers, then customers products. So, everything works all together then the ramp up clearly

                               will be visible.


                                 Page 13 of 15
[page 15]
                                                                             Innova Captab Limited
                                                                                   August 12, 2026

Siddhant Mantri:         Yes sir. That's very helpful. And sir, I wanted to ask at what level of steady state utilization

                           should we be looking for the next leg of capex in maybe Jammu or Baddi, at what level of

                                 utilization could Jammu reach by maybe this year or second half?


Vinay Lohariwala:       So overall guidance we do not want to give at a line-item level, the overall guidance is 20% that

                               specific on the console company level.


Siddhant Mantri:          So, is it possible that the H2 will be much higher growth for given that Jammu is ramping up

                         and we have this visibility of newer products and newer geographies almost everything in line?

                           So, is that on the track?


Vinay Lohariwala:         Yes. Again, the same, same line that we have already given you factoring in the all line-item

                             ranges, then rolling up to the console level, we have given a fair estimation of the guidance.


Siddhant Mantri:          All right. So, we do not see any challenges in the ramp up, right?


Vinay Lohariwala:         So, challenges will be always there that we need to overcome from them.


Siddhant Mantri:         Okay. No. So my question was coming from...


Vinay Lohariwala:          That's why I am saying that it is, it is not the easy job that the company can grow 20% freely,

                                 easily. So, challenges will be there, but we need to, our team need to overcome from all these

                            challenges and to prove ourselves that we can grow at 20%, 25%.


Siddhant Mantri:          Right sir. Definitely. Sir, any pricing pressure have we seen in this quarter and if you could just

                          throw some light on that?


Lokesh Bhasin:          Can you please repeat your question Siddhant?


Siddhant Mantri:             Sir, any pricing pressure have we seen on the API side or in any of our products in this quarter?


Vinay Lohariwala:         So, this quarter the price is which toward increase side.


Siddhant Mantri:         Okay. So [inaudible 00:44:00] continue or we?


Vinay Lohariwala:       So that is I always say that our pricing model is pass through. So, we at a certain level we are

                             able to pass through that pricing to the customer.


Siddhant Mantri:         Okay. Thank you so much sir. All the best.


Moderator:              Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that will be our last question. And I

                        would now like to hand the conference over to management for closing comments. Thank you

                         and over to you.


Lokesh Bhasin:          Thank you, everyone, for joining us in this earning call. We appreciate your time and showing

                                 interest in our company. In case of any queries, you can get in touch with us or SGA, our Investor

                             Relations Advisors. We look forward to meeting all of you over the next earning calls. Thank

                           you.


                                 Page 14 of 15
[page 16]
                                                                             Innova Captab Limited
                                                                                   August 12, 2026

Moderator:              Thank you. On behalf of Innova Captab Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for

                              joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.





                                 Page 15 of 15