[page 1]
Date: January 27, 2026

To,                                            To,
Sr. General Manager                                 Sr. General Manager
Listing Department                              Listing Department
BSE Limited                               National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                  Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G
Dalal Street                               Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai – 400 001                         Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051

BSE Scrip Code: 544319                 NSE Symbol: SENORES


Sub.: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call – Q3FY26

Dear Sir/Madam,

Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and in continuation to our intimations dated January 15,
2026 and January 20, 2026, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the
Q3FY26, held on Tuesday, January 20, 2026 at 04:30 P.M. (IST).

The aforesaid information is also being hosted on the Company's website at www.senorespharma.com.

You are requested to take the same on record.

Thanking you.

For Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
 Vinay Kumar DigitallyVinay KumarsignedMishraby
 Mishra          Date:18:09:342026.01.27+05'30'
Vinay Kumar Mishra
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
ICSI Membership No.: F11464




Enclosure: As above





                                                        Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                1101 to 1103, 11th Floor, South Tower, One42, Opp. Jayantilal Park,
                                              Ambali Bopal Road, Ahmedabad-380054, Gujarat, India

                                                         P: +91 79 2999 9857 | E: info@senorespharma.com
                             W: www.senorespharma.com | CIN No.: L24290GJ2017PLC100263
[page 2]
         “Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited

        Q3FY26 Results Conference Call”

                  January 20, 2026

E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording uploaded on
the stock exchange on 20th January 2026 will prevail.





MANAGEMENT: MR. SWAPNIL SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR –
             SENORES PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED
            MR. SANJAY MAJMUDAR – CHAIRMAN – SENORES
             PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED
            MR. DEVAL SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
             SENORES PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED


MODERATOR:  MR. GAURAV TINANI – AMBIT CAPITAL PRIVATE
              LIMITED





                                  Page 1 of 16
[page 3]
                                                                      Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                                                 January 20, 2026

Moderator:                Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited Q3FY26

                            Results Call hosted by Ambit Capital Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will

                         be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the

                             presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an

                             operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.


                            Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gaurav

                            Tinani from Ambit Capital Private Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir.


Gaurav Tinani:          Thank you, Iqra. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Ambit Capital, I would like to welcome

                        you all to the Q3FY26 earnings call for Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited. Joining us from the

                        management today, we have Mr. Swapnil Shah, the Managing Director, Mr. Sanjay Majmudar,

                              the Chairman, and Mr. Deval Shah, the Chief Financial Officer. I thank the management for the

                            opportunity to host this earnings call.


                          Before we begin, I would like to point out that this conference call may contain some forward-

                           looking statements about the company, which are based on the  beliefs, opinions, and

                             expectations of the company as of the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees

                             of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. We can

                     now begin with opening remarks from Mr. Swapnil Shah, post which the forum will be open

                               for an interactive question and answer session. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Shah.


Swapnil Shah:           Thank you, Gaurav. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you  for  joining us on Senores

                            Pharmaceuticals Limited's Q3 and 9MFY26 earnings conference call. We have uploaded the

                                  results, press release, and investor presentation on the stock exchanges and company's website.

                                    I hope everybody has had the opportunity to go through the same. Building on our established

                                 strategies, we have delivered a strong performance across segments for the quarter and nine

                        months of FY26.


                       Our nine-month results are in line with or slightly ahead of our annual guidance, and we remain

                             confident of achieving our FY26 targets of 50% of top-line growth and 100% of PAT growth

                           over FY25. Speaking about the segmental performance, revenue from regulated markets grew

                        by 60% YoY in Q3FY26 and by 71% in 9MFY26. Driven by product portfolio expansion,

                           prudent selection of sales channels, and differentiated go-to-market strategies, our ANDAs

                               portfolio continues to grow through in-house development and strategic acquisitions.


                     As of December 2025, we are proud to have a portfolio of 46 approved ANDAs. These ANDAs

                               collectively cover more than 137 ANDA product trends. Over the last year, our portfolio of

                  ANDAs has nearly quadrupled, growing from 12 ANDAs as of December 2024 to 46 ANDAs

                             as of December 2025.


                          Apart from the existing portfolio of 18 ANDAs which have already been launched, we have 28

                          approved ANDAs having 100-plus strengths available for launch, and 22 more molecules

                            involving 50-plus strengths under development. This provides a strong pipeline of products

                         which are expected to be rolled out over next quarters. Our CDMO-CMO segment is also

                            witnessing a steady traction and scaling up.


                                  Page 2 of 16
[page 4]
                                              Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                          January 20, 2026

Our portfolio now stands at 16 commercial products, encompassing more than 55 strengths. The

moat is our CDMO-CMO segment, which comes from being an end-to-end solution provider

for customers, right from development to scale-up to exhibit batch to supply chain planning for

commercial production, as well as complete regulatory support, including pre- and post-

approvals. I am pleased to share that we have completed acquisition of 75% stake in Apnar

Pharma last week.


The balanced 25% is expected to be completed by Q2 of FY '27. Given our strong growth,

momentum, and product expansion across ANDAs and CDMO-CMO, we sought to diversify

manufacturing geographically. The acquisition of Apnar Pharma, which is a US FDA-approved

facility and expansion-ready infrastructure, provides strong strategic benefits and positions us

to sustain growth over the coming years.


Apnar's facility is relatively new and already has many constructed clean rooms for quick

expansion. In addition to the US, the plant is also approved by UK MHRA and Health Canada.

This immediately enables us to penetrate deeper in the regulated markets of UK and Canada,

where we currently have very limited presence.


In addition to market access, the acquisition also includes five approved ANDAs, which is

expected to give at least $16-$18 million in revenue in the next 12-15 months. The addition of

this US FDA-approved  facility significantly enhances our manufacturing capability and

flexibility. It will open opportunities to shift manufacturing of select products from the US to

India, where US-based manufacturing is optional.


Diversified manufacturing enhances operational agility, supporting faster scale-up, quicker

product launches, and sustained growth momentum. It also strengthens our ability to pursue a

broader range of CDMO-CMO opportunities, leveraging cost advantages across both facilities.

Regulated markets, our largest vertical continues to deliver consistent growth, driven by

portfolio expansion, new customer additions, and deeper market penetration, supported by a

healthy pipeline and long-term CDMO-CMO contracts.


We have clear visibility for sustained growth and profitability in the years ahead. Furthermore,

in line with our strategy to strengthen our presence in the US, we have set up Zoraya

Pharmaceuticals, bolstering our operations and product development trends in the US. Zoraya

is equipped to manage the  full lifecycle of pharmaceutical commercialization, and  this

expansion would focus on direct distribution and marketing of some strategic products in the

US.


Moving to emerging market business, revenue for Q3 FY '26 grew by 48% on a Y-o-Y basis.

As we had highlighted earlier, EBITDA margin has significantly improved towards the mid-

teens range now. We achieved our highest-ever quarterly revenue, EBITDA, and PAT in the

emerging market business in Q3.


Importantly, the business is now cash-flow positive as well. During this quarter, we received

approval of 56 new products, bringing our total portfolio of 450 registered products as of

December 2025. Additionally, more than 850 products are currently under registration.


               Page 3 of 16
[page 5]
                                                                      Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                                                 January 20, 2026

                 A shift towards mixed molecules and a refined go-to-market strategy is driving improvements

                             across key metrics in emerging markets, including better pricing and margins. Overall, the

                         emerging market business is demonstrating a steady momentum in both growth and profitability.

                 We are also in the process of obtaining PIC/S approval for our Chhatral manufacturing facility

                               for emerging markets. This approval will enable us to expand our footprint in key mid-tier

                           markets such as Vietnam, South Africa, and others.


                          Turning to the India business, our branded generic business has continued to build on a strong

                     momentum seen over the last few quarters. Revenue for this quarter stood at about INR10.5

                               crores, an increase of over 6x on a Y-o-Y basis. For nine months, the revenue from branded

                            generic stood at about INR31 crores, growing more than 7x on a Y-o-Y basis.


                    On a consolidated basis, we continue to remain a strong focus on cash flow generation, with

                             operating cash flows demonstrating a steady upward trajectory. Despite robust business growth,

                           our EBITDA to operating cash flow conversion has improved significantly over the last year,

                               reflecting enhanced operational efficiency and disciplined working capital management.


                       Our cash flow performance has shown consistent and sustained improvement and we remain

                             confident of maintaining further, strengthening this metric going forward. All in all, we have

                              consistently delivered on our commitments in both revenue and profitability, underscoring the

                              effectiveness of our strategy and execution. Our focus remains firmly on establishing business

                         models across both regulated and emerging markets.


                 We see a long and promising growth trajectory ahead for Senores and are well-positioned to

                                capitalise on the same. With our deep industry expertise and extensive experience, we are

                             confident in our ability to continue driving sustained and profitable growth in the years to come.


                        With that, I would like to hand over call to Mr. Deval Shah, Chief Finance Officer, to take you

                           through the financial operation performance. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Deval.


Deval Shah:             Thank you, Swapnil. A warm welcome to everyone on our Q3 and nine-month FY '26 earnings

                                   call. I will take you through our financial and operational performance for the quarter and nine

                        months period ended December 2025. Starting with the quarter's performance, our consolidated

                        income for Q3 FY '26 stood at INR175 crores, reflecting a strong growth of 64% on Y-o-Y

                                basis.


                        Growth was broad-based and driven by both regulated as well as the emerging market

                              businesses. Revenue from regulated markets grew by 60.5% Y-o-Y and came to INR113 crores.

                           This was driven by steady product portfolio expansion and scaling of the CDMO-CMO

                           segment. Revenue in the emerging markets grew by 47.5% Y-o-Y and came to INR38 crores in

                    Q3 FY '26. India's branded generics business grew more than six-fold on Y-o-Y basis, with

                          revenue for Q3 coming to INR10.5 crores.


                           Consolidated EBITDA for Q3 FY '26 stood at INR54 crores, growing by a robust 86% on Y-o-

                 Y basis. EBITDA margin came to 30.9%, improving by 360 bps on Y-o-Y basis. Even on

                             sequential basis, EBITDA margin has improved by about 30 bps. Profit after tax and minority

                                 interest for the quarter grew by around 85% Y-o-Y and came to approximately around INR32

                                  Page 4 of 16
[page 6]
                                                                      Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                                                 January 20, 2026

                               crores.


                      Coming to the nine-month performance, the consolidated income for nine months FY 2026

                            stood at INR474 crores, showing a strong growth of 65% Y-o-Y. This is driven largely by the

                             regulated market business. Revenue from regulated markets for nine months of FY 2026 stood

                                 at approximately INR310 crores. Revenue from emerging markets grew by 17% Y-o-Y and

                       came to INR99 crores.


                        Revenue from India's branded generics business grew by more than 7x and stood at INR31

                             crores for nine months. EBITDA for nine months FY '26 stood at INR138 crores, growing by a

                        whopping 87% on Y-o-Y basis. EBITDA margin improved by 340 bps on Y-o-Y and stood at

                       29%.


                               Profit after tax and minority interest for nine months FY '26 stood at INR84 crores, more than

                           doubling on a Y-o-Y basis. PAT margin for nine months of FY '26 stood at 17.7% compared to

                       14.2% for the corresponding period of last year. This is an increase of 350 bps.


                      As Mr. Swapnil has highlighted, we are maintaining a strong focus on cash flow generation,

                             operating cash flow for nine months for FY '26 stands at around INR51 crores, showing a

                               significant improvement over last year.


                      To summarise, we have witnessed a strong performance across segments during the quarter and

                               for the nine months for the current year. We are well-positioned to continue this momentum and

                             confident of delivering sustained profitable growth going forward.


                        With this, I would now like to open the floor for questions.


Moderator:              Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question

                                    is from the line of Pal Balar from Trinetra Asset Managers. Please go ahead.


Pal Balar:               Hi sir. So I just wanted to know that after doing the Apnar Pharmaceutical Limited acquisition,

                     how much margin expansion we can expect from it? So, what kind of synergies we will get in

                           terms of if you could quantify that? So, this was my question.


Swapnil Shah:             Yes, hi, this is Swapnil. So, currently the contribution from Apnar will be as stated, you know,

                     we are expecting about INR120 crores to INR150 crores kind of revenue from Apnar in FY '27

                             as we speak. Also, we have stated that this quarter itself will be cash flow positive from Apnar

                                  facility as three products are already going to be launched within this quarter from that facility.


                                       It is very early to say what kind of margin expansion that will happen from Apnar as we speak.

                        However, we see margins expanding in when we reach that optimal number of utilization of that

                                   facility. And being in both the geography, I think a lot of synergies can also be created between

                           both manufacturing locations. So, that is what we feel Apnar will value to us.


Pal Balar:             And secondly, if I see regulated market, emerging market, API and branded generic, so going

                            forward, how much revenue contribution we can get from these four business verticals?


Swapnil Shah:             So, on the branded generics side of the business, we feel that we should be able to conclude this

                                  Page 5 of 16
[page 7]
                                                                      Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                                                 January 20, 2026

                         between INR40 crores and INR50 crores. And next year could be another INR80-plus crores is

                         what we are projecting on the branded generic side. On emerging market side of the business,

                     we feel we should be able to do about INR170 crores to INR180 crores, the revenue next year.


                     And API is a small contributor, I think we do not go beyond a point to focus on the revenue

                           because it is a strategic play for us, largely for backward integration and some strategic products

                                that we want to backward integrate. So, that is the API vertical for us.


Pal Balar:                 So, going forward, we will mainly focus in terms of revenue contribution. We will have a large

                       number of revenue from regulated market, right?


Deval Shah:                 That's right.


Moderator:             The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Alfaccurate Advisors Pvt. Ltd.


Abhishek Jain:           Thanks for opportunity and congrats for a strong set of numbers. Sir, my first question is on the

                             regulated market side. So, in the last nine months, how has the revenue mix is evolved in terms

                             of the own ANDA product sourced and the CDMO or CMO business?


Swapnil Shah:             Yes. Hi, Abhishek. So, on a regulated market, we have two verticals, as you know, our own

                            products and the CDMO, CMO. Mix today on the split is largely about 55% on our own product

                         and about 45% on the CDMO, CMO side of the business. And we feel probably full year, we

                               will have about 60% of our own product and about a 40% on the CDMO, CMO side when we

                           conclude this year. For the next year, we feel more or less this mix will continue.


                      Maybe our own product, we may be able to get about 65% and CDMO, CMO contribution could

                         be 35%, largely because with the Apnaracquisition , a lot of our own products will be also giving

                           us a much, much better realization as we speak.


Abhishek Jain:           Got it. And sir, how is the gross margin difference between own products and the CDMO

                            business?


Deval Shah           CDMO, CMO is slightly lower than our own products. I said 4% to 5% or 5% to 6% lower than

                     own products. But overall margin, gross margins , EBITDA margins are at 40% for the US-

                             regulated business.


Abhishek Jain:          So in the coming quarter, we would be able to sustain the margin of 40% plus percent in this

                         segment?


Deval Shah:               Yes, I think we should be able to sustain or even improve by 1% or so. With our more and more

                     own products are coming in, and these own products will always have a better margin for us.


Abhishek Jain:            Understood. And sir, in the emerging market, we have seen a very strong jump in EBITDA

                         margin in this quarter. So just wanted to understand what is the reason? Is it because of the

                         change in revenue mix or is it because of that operating leverage benefit?


Swapnil Shah:             Yes, Abhishek. So in emerging market, last call also we said there were some products which

                     we got approval for, but we could not generate the commercialization in last quarter. I think a

                                  Page 6 of 16
[page 8]
                                                                      Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                                                 January 20, 2026

                                  lot of those commercialization have happened over this quarter, like the quarter ended in

                         December.


                     And that commercialization will continue. As you know, we got 56 product approval just in last

                               quarter. So those commercialization of all 56 will happen or at least large part of 56 will happen

                               in coming quarter. So we feel the growth trajectory also in the emerging market should continue.

                     And our per unit metric has also significantly improved.


                      So we are at about close to INR2 per unit today as we speak on our emerging market

                            manufacturing, which we feel will continue to drive up as the product mix will continue to

                         change as we get more approvals and we commercialize more products in different markets as

                     we speak.


Abhishek Jain:           Got it. And sir, in emerging market, how is the current revenue mix between distributor-led

                           models, P2P and on-brand?


Swapnil Shah:                    It's difficult to give the exact number, but it is well-balanced, as I can say, with the distributor-

                             led direct export businesses continue to see significant uptick over last three to four quarters,

                         which will further grow. So revenue mix from an export-based, dollar-based revenue will

                            continue to expand from where we are today to next four to six quarters.


                         Because all the registrations that we are talking about today, which are we have 450 and there

                             are 800 plus is going to come in, they are for direct exports. So our dollar revenue realization

                               will significantly increase in the next four to six quarters.


Abhishek Jain:              That's all from my side.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question is from the line of Maitri Sheth from Choice Institutional Equities.

                            Please go ahead.


Maitri Sheth:               Hi, congratulations on a great set of numbers. Just one question, what sort of EBITDA margin,

                             are we looking at for FY '26?


Deval Shah:           FY '26, I think we already at 29%. So we should be a percentage more around 30% by end of

                              the year. Blended total.


Maitri Sheth:             Blended total. And can we assume a 100 bps growth in FY '27 or would Apnar, see an increase

                             of expenses and we'll see 30%?


Sanjay Majmudar:             It's difficult to quantify exactly, but there will be definitely a decent growth. As we move into

                              the fourth quarter and then as we start Apnar, we'll be able to guide you better.


Maitri Sheth:             Okay, that's all. Thank you.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kashish Thakur from Elara Capital. Please go

                            ahead.


Kashish Thakur:           Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity, and congratulations on the good set of numbers. Sir, two

                                  Page 7 of 16
[page 9]
                                                                      Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                                                 January 20, 2026

                            questions from my end. First, just wanted to know what has been our organic growth, broadly

                                 just speaking about our own products, not including the acquired ANDA. Just asking about their

                     own products, what has been that kind of organic growth in this quarter? And secondly, what

                           has been the contribution from the control substance in the quarter?


Swapnil Shah:              Hi, Kashish. Thank you. So, as you know, we had a good product approval of Deferiprone in

                       November end. So, the Deferiprone was launched in  this quarter, that was an organic

                          development that got approved. We launched it with Dr. Reddy as we speak, which is public

                             information.


                      As we move forward, every quarter we have one or probably two launches, organic launches of

                           a new product development that we have done. So, that will significantly also drive our growth

                            forward. As you know, we currently have about 22 products that are under development.


                     Some of them are already filed, some of them are at exhibit stage, some of them are at different

                             stages of R&D, which will continue to give that growth in next 6 to 8 quarters for us of those

                             22. So, it will continue our trajectory.


                      Coming to control substance, right now that's not being quantified in terms of what is the control

                            substance contribution, largely speaking, but control substance has been about a 15%-20%

                              overall revenue that comes out of control substance, which we feel will continue. Depending

                        upon the quarter, depending upon the product launches, we have about two control substance

                           product launches next year in the sense of the current FY '27 year. So, I think that will further

                       grow our controlled substance revenue mix as well.


Sanjay Majmudar:           I think commercialization will now actually take traction.


Kashish Thakur:          Understood, sir. Thank you, sir. So, just one last question. I just wanted to know about margins.

                           So, I think, sir, you just highlighted that our own product margin is a bit higher as compared to

                CDMO products, right? And I think so we quantify control substance in CDMO. So, is the

                              control substance margin higher as compared to blended average of CDMO or how is it?


Swapnil Shah:             So, on the CDMO /CMO side of the business, as you are aware, our margins are fixed, So,

                           product could be significantly bigger or significantly smaller. We have our set margins and set

                               rolling plans that we manufacture based on our customers' guidance.


                           So, depending upon what opportunity that we are taking up, our margins are more or less fixed.

                      What happens is on our own product and the required portfolio coming in, there's a significant

                           launch plan over next 6 to 8 quarters that we have, we have said at least 3 to 4 launches,  or

                         sometimes even 5 per quarter that are the kind of launches that we have in next 6 to 8 quarters.


                           So, if you look at the growth plan, those portfolio launches are going to significantly drive our

                           growth. It's from a margin standpoint, again, as Deval Bhai said, our own product gives us a

                                better margin profile,  it goes into various channels. There's a government play that happens.

                          There is a cross-distribution to different distribution channels. So, that kind of significantly gives

                           us that slightly better margin profile.


                                  Page 8 of 16
[page 10]
                                                                      Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                                                 January 20, 2026

Deval Shah:                 Just to add, I think we also have certain products in our own product portfolio which are

                              controlled substances. So, there the margins are bound to be higher .


Kashish Thakur:          Understood, sir. Thank you so much. All the best for your future quarters. Thank you.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishita from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead.


Nishita:                    So, you mentioned FY '26 topline guidance, growth guidance of 50%, but if we look at our

                              quarterly revenue run rate, we are doing much better than that. So, are you going to revise your

                          guidance or do you stick to the 50% guidance because we see a much better growth than that?


Swapnil Shah:           Thank you, Nishita. Right now, Nishita, I would suggest we expect our growth trajectory to

                                likely remain the same, at least for the next few quarters, as we speak.


Sanjay Majmudar:          Just to add, you are right. FY '26, we have guided very specifically about the topline and bottom-

                                line growth. We are on track in terms of topline. We are, in fact, slightly better in terms of

                         bottom line, and these 9-month results, you can extrapolate generally our Q4 is equally or a

                                        little, in fact, a little stronger than Q3 in general. So, yes, we are bettering our profitability

                          guidance of this year by a few, marginally better, but it's always better as a management to

                          remain a bit conservative.


Nishita:                  Okay. Understood. Yes, that is it from us. Thank you.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Shah from VRS Capital. Please go ahead.


Ravi Shah:                 Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first of all, congratulations on a strong performance. My

                            question is relating to our product portfolio. So, there has been some change in the way we have

                             disclosed our product portfolio this quarter. Just wanted to understand a little bit more about

                                  that. So, how should we look at our pipeline going forward? And should one focus more on the

                       number of ANDAs, or is  it the strengths we should look at? Which is a better metric to

                           understand those?


Swapnil Shah:             Yes. Hi, Ravi. So, earlier so far, we have always maintained as ANDA products, which are

                              individual strengths as our ANDA products. So, that has been changed from a previous quarter

                               to this year where we are disclosing both like ANDA numbers as well as individual ANDA

                            products in form of strengths.


                     You can look at us on both the trajectories. The reason behind that is individual strength has its

                              individual business potential. Not necessarily all strengths work. Some strengths have a large

                         government business. Some strengths are heavy on the pediatric side of the business. Likewise,

                          each strength demonstrates a different distribution model and distribution margin profile and

                               distribution different goal for us. So, largely, I would say both the parameter numbers are very

                            important to measure strengths, which are ANDA products as well as individual ANDA

                          numbers.


Ravi Shah:                Understood, sir. Thank you so much. And I have one last question, sir. You have 22 ANDAs

                          under development and 28 approved ones that are to be launched. In how many quarters do we


                                  Page 9 of 16
[page 11]
                                                                      Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                                                 January 20, 2026

                           expect to launch all these products? Also, what can be the reasonable number in terms of product

                           launches on an annual basis over the next three, four years time frame?


Swapnil Shah:             So, we feel all the 28s that are approved yet to be launched will be launched within next six to

                              eight quarters. And out of 22, we feel at least we should be able to launch 10 products in next

                               six to eight quarters. I think that's a visibility that we have today.


Ravi Shah:                Understood, sir. Thank you so much, sir and all the best.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prince Choudhary from Pinc Wealth. Please

                        go ahead.


Prince Choudhary:         Hello. Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I want to understand what sorts of products

                             are part of the purchase of stock in trade, and there is a lot of fluctuation. Like last quarter, it

                       was INR11 crores, and this quarter it is INR37 crores. So, how should we look at that?


Deval Shah:             Can you come again stock in trade what is it?


Prince Choudhary:          Sir, I want to understand what sorts of products are part of purchase of stock in trade. And also,

                              there is a lot of volatility with significant difference sequentially from INR11 crores to INR37

                               crores. So, how should we look at that?


Deval Shah:                So, we have started CMO exercise for our own products in India. So, those go with the purchase

                             of trading stock. So, getting manufactured outside earlier we are not doing it. So, we are getting

                                           it done at three locations in India, and now Apnar will be the additional location.


Prince Choudhary:         So, these  are  part of our own  subsidiaries,  right? So, whatever we purchase from a

                           manufacturing facility that is a part of this one is a purchase of stock in trade?


Deval Shah:                      It includes that also, but it also includes some outsiders.


Prince Choudhary:       What is the percentage contribution of outsiders?


Deval Shah:                So, this is what you are seeing in outsiders because internal gets knocked off while it gets

                            consolidated .


Prince Choudhary:         So, this is more of an outsourced?


Sanjay Majmudar         This is actually an outsourced production, which technically is reported as a purchase of stock

                               in trade.


Prince Choudhary:        Okay. Understood, sir.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pujan Shah from Molecule Ventures. Please

                        go ahead.


Pujan Shah:              Thanks for the opportunity, sir. My first question pertains to, so we are guiding our 50% growth,

                         and we will be going to achieve that in FY '26. So, considering the FY '27, are we expecting a


                                 Page 10 of 16
[page 12]
                                                                      Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                                                 January 20, 2026

                          shy to INR1,000 crores mark revenue because considering the consolidation of Apnar, which

                          can contribute to INR120 crores, INR150 crores and on our base business, we can grow up to

                       30%, 35%.


                      Can we expect an INR1,000 crores revenue mark with an EBITDA margin of 30%, because

                            next year also, we will get the backward integration facility of API that will meaningfully

                              contribute to expanding our EBITDA margins. So, are we assuming in a correct phase, or am I

                           missing something?


Swapnil Shah:              Pujan, you know our company more than what we know our company. So, no, thank you for

                          your feedback and your acknowledgement on our efforts that we have been able to grow at such

                           a pace and will continue to grow. I think right now, I would not say anything about INR1,000

                             crores or 30% or 32% kind of a number. I think what I feel is that there is a strong pipeline of

                            products that are scheduled for launch.


                      As I said, 28 ANDAs are scheduled for launch, with another 22 out of 22 good parts of the

                         chunk will be launched on our own products. That's on the regulated market. Under CDMO or

                   CMO, we also have a significant launch plan that you have already seen.


                    On emerging market also, you saw 56 product registration came in last quarter, which will get

                          commercialized in this quarter and will get a full year next year. Our branded generics in India

                             are also witnessing pretty high growth numbers. So, all in all, if you look at all metrics, it all

                             points out to robust growth.


                          Giving a specific number right now, I think it's a little premature. You know, let us get Apnar

                            running, get those goals achieved within this quarter.. And I think probably when we disclose

                           our full-year results, I think with specific numbers, we should be able to guide.


                         But all your pointers are also what we think, and as I said, you know our company better than

                     we do. So, no, we are going towards, we are a hard-working bunch. We continue to work hard

                               for the higher growth numbers.


Sanjay Majmudar:         So, Pujan, just to add, whatever internal thought processes that we are evolving, Apnar's plan,

                              there would be some shifting of production as well of relatively low cost products from US to

                               India. So, it is not one plus one equals two, you get my point.


                           So, yes, 25% plus growth target, what we indicated on the second quarter call is the minimum

                        on which we are working. It can be better. Give us one more quarter, and we'll be able to give

                        you a clearer answer to that.


Pujan Shah:                Sure, sir. Thanks for the detailed explanation. My second question pertains to the emerging

                            market. So, are we expecting the similar kind of EBITDA margins as we have been transitioning

                              the business from being a negative EBITDA margin to flat and then we have performed way

                                 better. So, I just wanted to understand the dynamics right now. Should we consider the similar

                           kind of margins should be expected in FY '27?


Swapnil Shah:             Yes. So, we feel our margin profile on the emerging market, what we've seen in Q3, will further

                                 Page 11 of 16
[page 13]
                                                                      Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                                                 January 20, 2026

                         improve in Q4. And for the full year, what we see today as aconsolidated, we should get better

                                further. So, , your observation is correct. I think we are going towards a better EBITDA profile

                               in the emerging market as we speak.


Pujan Shah:            And last, a bookkeeping question, sir. So, Swapnil sir, I have been looking at our con call history

                             as well and was trying to understand our revenue recognition model. So, could you just help me

                           a brief stating about how we recognize our model in terms of sales?


                         Because what I am being understood is that whenever we try to launch a product, we get a one-

                           time fee and then ultimately licensing fee and then eventually it will be a partnership model for

                           our own product model. And in terms of government, we get a CDMO basis.


                           Obviously, we don't have a direct reach to the government, but ultimately with a partnership,

                     we have a direct reach to the government for the control substances as well. So, we directly

                            recognize our fee and profit sharing from our partners who sells the product. Is that a correct

                            understanding, or am I missing something?


Swapnil Shah:             So, Pujan, it's correct and everything is contractual, So, both on our own products as well as

                  CDMO, CMO. These are all the revenues that you've just mentioned, each stream of the revenue

                             are part of our contract, the contractual obligation with our partner. So, your understanding is

                              largely correct on that side.


Pujan Shah:              Okay, got it, sir. And is there anything historically happened that we have any disagreement or

                         any failure of contract which has impacted our inventory or any write-off has been happened in

                              the past or it never happens in the case?


Swapnil Shah:             So, Pujan, we only manufacture basis on a confirmed purchase order that we get from our

                              partners and our manufacturing capacities are pre-sold. So, our finished goods inventory that

                     we carry is very less like in terms of maybe max 15 days in terms of FG inventory that we carry.


                           So, if you look at it, so far, we've never had an issue of any inventory write-off because anything

                                that we make is already pre-sold based on the purchase order that we get from our partners. So,

                                that has not happened with us. We will not make it if there is no confirmed order, So, there is

                        no question of inventory write-off whatsoever.


Pujan Shah:              Okay, got  it, sir. Thank you for explaining each question very well. Best of luck for the

                        upcoming quarter.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Shah from Shah Investments. Please go

                            ahead.


Viraj Shah:                 Hi,  sir. Congratulations.  Sir, recently  just wanted  to understand the other expense and

                             depreciation line items for Q3. For this quarter, there's a good enough decline in the other

                          expense compared to the last quarter that is Q2, FY '26. Also, depreciation has come down

                               significantly from the last quarter at a time when we are expanding manufacturing capacity at

                              the US plant. So, just wanted to understand these two line items from your side.



                                 Page 12 of 16
[page 14]
                                                                      Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                                                 January 20, 2026

Deval Shah:               Yes. Hi, Viraj. So, first coming to the other expenses, I think other expenses are a function of

                              the consolidation thing and we have rationalized certain expenditure in the current quarter. So,

                              there is a slight fall in other expenses to INR22 crores.


                           So, there is no specific reason, but we are controlling the expenses in a better way. We have put

                        up solar plant in our facility. W just saved us the energy. We have gone for certain automations.

                 We just saved us some labor costs. So, this is the addition of so many measures what we have

                              taken.


Viraj Shah:              Okay. Understood. Sir, recently there was some pledge of shares on the promoter side. We just

                         wanted to understand the reason for the same. Also, any broad timeline when we expect this

                           pledge to go?


Swapnil Shah:             So, Viraj, there was a small pledge that happened that was largely to consolidate some of the

                           borrowings, and it's not likely to go up any pledging whatsoever.


Viraj Shah:              Okay. Understood, sir. Sir, also given that you have the proceeds from IPO still there, the

                       company is now getting steady cash flow, operating cash flow. In that background, I just wanted

                               to understand the rationale behind the insurance of the warrant, which was there for the promoter

                          group recently.


Sanjay Majmudar:        Yes. So, now, if you see, out of my IPO proceeds, we have specific about INR100 crores

                          earmarked for our Atlanta facility, which we can't touch. On the GCP side, we have now a very

                                       little amount. As you see, as of 31st December, even after that, we had just about INR25 crores,

                         and then we had done this Apnar acquisition in the current quarter, which further reduces.


                        Going by the growth trajectory, we worked out a situation where maybe about INR75 crores to

                      INR100 crores could be an additional infusion required over the next 12 months, partly for new

                           product acquisitions in terms of ANDAs or primarily for working capital margin.


                           So, with this, we thought that it was too small an amount to really go out and reach the market.

                     And then therefore we thought of this structure as a warrant structure where 25% can be

                             contributed now and as and when it is required, promoters can contribute the balance amount

                           over maybe 6 to 12 months. That was the basic logic.


Viraj Shah:              Okay. I understood, sir. Sir, all the best for the future.


Sanjay Majmudar:       Thank you.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question is from the line of Foram Parekh from Bank of Baroda Capital

                           Markets. Please go ahead.


Foram Parekh:           Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on the good set of numbers. My first question

                                       is, could you please tell us about the acquired ANDAs? Like we have good 18, 20 acquired

                     ANDAs. How many ANDAs have we launched, if at all? And by when do we intend to start

                           commercializing and account on a quarterly basis, on average?


Swapnil Shah:             Yes. Hi, Foram. So, we have launched about four ANDAs from the acquisition portfolio, as you

                                 Page 13 of 16
[page 15]
                                                                      Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                                                 January 20, 2026

                            speak. And as I said, we have another 28 products that are approved, that are yet to be launched,

                         which are also part of our acquisition portfolio, which will be launched in the next 6 to 8

                               quarters, as we have stated before. So, the launch will continue.


                            Also, some of those products, we are also launching in government business, not just the retail

                             or anything. So, a lot of government side of the business, out of that acquisition, will also

                           happen. And it is already happening. Out of four, I think three, we have already launched in the

                          government, as we speak. So, that will continue to grow on that side.


Foram Parekh:           Okay. And could you tell us on the margins front, like I know this quarter, margins have fallen

                         from 44% to 40%. But with so many product launches, do you see this visibility of surpassing

                              the peak EBITDA margin of 44% with so many product launches?


Deval Shah:              Forum, I think last quarter also we said that this 44% was a one-off, I think due to some product

                       mix and other mix of income. But sustainable margin, what we see, gross margin, EBITDA

                         margin for the US business is around 40%. Going forward, it will be improved by a percentage

                             or so, but long term, what we see is around 40%.


Foram Parekh:           Okay. And likewise in the emerging markets also, like this quarter we have done good, but we

                              also have good 56 products to be launched. So, with this 13%, what could be the peak margin

                     we can anticipate on the emerging market front?


Swapnil Shah:             Yes. So, what we've said is we expect EBITDA margin on emerging market to be upwards to

                             close to 20%.


Swapnil Shah:            At the peak. Not necessary, that will happen next quarter. What we see next quarter is definitely

                                better than this quarter in terms of margin profile. And full year, if you look at it from a previous

                               year, it is going to be significantly, very significantly better.


Swapnil Shah:            FY’27. So, next year, FY’27, we feel that margin when we get to about 18%, 20% to 22% kind

                             of a number should stabilize and then maybe another three, four quarters, it should improve

                               further couple of basis points. So, we feel that trajectory we already have started, which will

                            continue to get better as next quarters come in.


Foram Parekh:             Sure. That's helpful. Thirdly, could you please tell us on the capex front, like our Atlanta Oral

                            Solid Facility, I mean, we have 1 billion tablets, and we intend to expand to 2 billion tablets. So,

                                  like, by when can we expect this expansion to be completed, any light on that front?


Deval Shah:               So, that capacity expansion, I think it's likely to be done by next year. Now, since we already

                         have Apnar in our fold, so we already have an extended capacity directly now. So, next year,

                                we'll see and expand the capacity there.


Swapnil Shah:             Yes. So, what we are structurally doing is, we are, as Sanjay bhai just mentioned, there are a lot

                                 of, there are some low margin products  that doesn't require or  that's optional  for US

                            manufacturing, might be moving to India at Apnar. So, that opens up my capacity for the US.

                           So, that can be utilized for a higher margin business.



                                 Page 14 of 16
[page 16]
                                                                      Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                                                 January 20, 2026

                           So, overall, if you look at scheme of things on both the sides, we get facility utilized, your

                                  facility utilization opens up for a higher margin, and those products are being made at India side.

                           So, put you, put  all these things together,  I think we are already  at about a 2 billion

                           manufacturing unit capacity, which further will grow next year as we put in more capacities.


                         But we are watching it carefully quarter over quarter, month over month in terms of what is the

                                 utilization levels, how swiftly we are able to transition our products from US to India, how the

                         margin profile happens for India. So, we are keeping very close watch on those metrics as we

                            speak.


Foram Parekh:           Okay. That's also very helpful. And my last question is a little broad sense. So, we are seeing

                     100% PAT growth since two years in a row and with so many levers, you know, with Apnar

                         and new product launches, both on the developed and acquired side and expanded capacity. So,

                        do we expect, I know it's a little premature, but can we have visibility of recording 100% growth

                                 at the bottom line in FY’27 as well?


Sanjay Majmudar:        Forum, we wish that your words would come true, but as we say it very cautiously, please give

                           us some more time to work out how exactly the next year is going to pan out. You see, from last

                            year to this year, 100% growth was also due to a relatively lower base effect. Now, once I'm at

                      INR650 crores and maybe a INR100 plus crores kind of a PAT this year, 100 and 105, 115,

                          whatever it comes, to expect that 100% to, you know, it's a little asking too much, but I would

                           say a very decent top line growth and a slightly better bottom line growth is what we are

                                targeting. You get my point?


Foram Parekh:            Yes, sure. No problem. That's helpful. And all the best for the next quarter.


Moderator:              Thank you. The next question is from the line of Maitri Seth from Choice Institutional Equities.

                            Please go ahead.


Maitri Seth:             Thank you for the follow-up opportunity. Just a few questions. One is on the capex front. If you

                          can quantify how much capex spend we are expecting for the next two to three years?


Deval Shah:               So, capex two to three years, I think we need, should be around INR50 crores to INR100 crores

                               in between, depending on the requirement. Because earlier we were planning a capex in the US,

                            but since we have got Apnar now,


Deval Shah:                Sort of the fixed capital asset. Annual kind of a run rate.


Maitri Seth:              Okay. And second is on the receivable and payable days, if you can help us understand how

                      many receivable and payable days we are seeing currently?


Deval Shah:                    I think net versus capital cycle is around 90 days, 94 days.


Maitri Seth:              Okay. Thank you.


Moderator:              Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today.

                                    I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you and over

                               to the management.

                                 Page 15 of 16
[page 17]
                                                                      Senores Pharmaceuticals Limited
                                                                                 January 20, 2026

Swapnil Shah:           Thank you. I would like to once again thank everyone for joining our earnings call. We will

                         keep updating the investor community on a regular basis on the development sets and orders. I

                        hope we've been able to address all your queries. For any further information, kindly get in touch

                           with us directly or through our investor relations partner. Thank you very much.


Sanjay Majmudar:       Thank you, and have a good evening.


Moderator:              Thank you all. On behalf of Ambit Capital Private Limited, that concludes this conference.

                       Thank you all for joining us today, and you may now disconnect your lines.





                                 Page 16 of 16