[page 1]
17th August 2026

To,                                                    To,

Department of Corporate         Services               Listing Department

BSE Limited,                                           National Stock Exchange of India Limited,

P J Towers, Dalal Street,                              Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No. C/1,

Mumbai - 400 001                                       G. Block Bandra-Kurla Complex,

                                                       Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051

Security Code: 544060

Security ID: RBZJEWEL                                  Symbol: RBZJEWEL

Dear Sir/Madam

Sub: Earning call Transcript with Analysts and Investors for the Quarter ended as on 30th June

       2026.

Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, please find below the link of transcript of conference call arranged by the

company for Analysts and Investors on Wednesday, 12th August 2026 at 16:00 hrs. for discussion

on the financial performance of the Company for the quarter ended as on 30th June 2026.

Path:        https://rbzjewellers.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/08/Investor-Earn-Call-Transcript-

        12.08.2026.pdf

This is for your information and records.

Thank you,

For, RBZ Jewellers Limited

HELI AKASH HELIAKASHGARALA Digitallysignedby

GARALA        Date: 2026.08.17

              14:55:17 +05'30'

Heli Garala

Company Secretary & Compliance                Officer

Mem. No: 49256

[page 2]
             "RBZ Jewellers Limited

Q1           FY27 Earnings Conference Call"

             August 12, 2026

MANAGEMENT:  MR. HARIT ZAVERI - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR

             AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- RBZ JEWELLERS

             LIMITED

             MR. HARSHIT GANDHI - INTERNAL FINANCIAL

             CONTROLLER - RBZ JEWELLERS LIMITED

             MR. BHAVESH SABHNANI - SENIOR MANAGER

             ACCOUNTS AND FINANCE - RBZ JEWELLERS LIMITED

MODERATOR:   MS. RHEA DHARIA - EY INVESTOR RELATIONS

                      Page 1 of 20

[page 3]
                                                                                 RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                    August 12, 2026

Moderator:     Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to RBZ Jewellers Limited Q1 FY27

               Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only

               mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation

               concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an

               operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference

               is being recorded.

               I now hand the conference over to Ms. Rhea Dharia from EY Investor Relations team.

               Thank you and over to you, Ms. Dharia.

Rhea Dharia:   Thank you, Ranju. Good afternoon to all participants on the call. Welcome to the Q1

               FY27 Earnings Call of RBZ Jewellers Limited. Before we proceed with the call, let

               me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-looking statements that may

               involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It must be viewed in

               conjunction with our business risks that could cause future results, performance or

               achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied in such forward-

               looking statements.

               Please note that we have mailed the results and the same is available on the exchange.

               In case you have not received the same, you can write to us and we will be happy to

               send the same over to you.

               To take us through the results today and answer your questions, we have the

               management of RBZ Jewellers represented by Mr. Harit Zaveri, Joint Managing

               Director and CFO, Mr. Harshit Gandhi, Internal Financial Controller, and Mr. Bhavesh

               Sabhnani, Senior Manager Accounts and Finance. We will start the call with a brief

               overview of the quarter gone past and then conduct the Q&A session.

               With that, I hand over the call to the management. Over to you.

Harit Zaveri:  Yes, good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for RBZ Jewellers

               Earnings Conference Call to discuss our performance for the first quarter of fiscal

               2027. On behalf of the management team, I extend a warm welcome to all the investors,

               analysts, and stakeholders participating in today's call.

               Before I take you through the financials and operational highlights for the quarter, I

               would like to briefly introduce our company for those who may be engaging with RBZ

               for the first time.

               RBZ Jewellers is one of India's leading organized gold jewellery manufacturers and is

               steadily strengthening its presence in retail jewellery segment.

                                    Page 2 of 20

[page 4]
                                                               RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                               August 12, 2026

Over the years, we have built our business founded on three core pillars: trust,

craftsmanship and design excellence. These values have helped us earn enduring

relationships with customers, retail partners and stakeholders and continue to guide our

growth journey.

I would like to take a moment to share the core principles that define how we conduct

our business and create long-term value for all our stakeholders. A key aspect of our

philosophy is conducting business with the highest standard of transparency and

governance. At our retail business, Harit Zaveri Jewellers, we strictly follow zero cash

transaction policy, ensuring complete transparency and traceability in every customer

transaction.

We believe trust is not built only through the quality and purity of jewellery we offer,

but also through the integrity of professionalism with which we operate. As a listed

entity, we are committed to maintaining robust corporate governance, regulatory

compliance, financial discipline and ethical business practices. We aspire to be

recognized not only as a leading jewellery player, but also as a company who is known

for clean, transparent and professionally managed operations.

As you all know, RBZ operates a unique diversified business model. We cater to

leading national jewellery retailers through wholesale and job work relationships,

while simultaneously serving end consumers through our flagship retail brand, Harit

Zaveri Jewellers. This integrated presence across manufacturing and retail provides us

with valuable insights into customer preferences, while allowing us to capture

opportunities across multiple segments of jewellery industry.

Our manufacturing operations are supported by state-of-art facility equipped with

advanced casting, laser and 3D printing technologies. Backed by a team of more than

200 plus professionals and around 250 skilled karigars, we combine cutting edge

technology with fine craftsmanship to create jewellery that resonates with today's

consumers.

One of our key differentiators is our strong in-house design capabilities. We

continuously invest in design innovation and product development, enabling us to offer

distinctive collections that blend traditional artistry and contemporary aesthetics. This

design-led approach has been instrumental in strengthening our consumer appeal and

enhancing our competitive positioning in the market.

We offer a diverse portfolio of jewellery across multiple categories, techniques and

price points. While our collection caters to bridal, festive, occasion wear and everyday

                 Page 3 of 20

[page 5]
                                                      RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                      August 12, 2026

wear requirements, our strength lies in antique gold bridal jewellery, a segment where

we have established a strong reputation for craftsmanship and design excellence.

Through Harit Zaveri Jewellers, customers can choose from an extensive range of gold,

silver, studded, and other jewellery products, including bangles, chains, necklace,

rings, earrings, and several other contemporary and traditional offerings. Looking

ahead, we remain focused on further strengthening our retail presence and brand

recognition across Gujarat.

Leveraging our strong brand equity in Ahmedabad, we are focused on expanding our

key markets in East Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar, Rajkot, Surat, while also continuing to

deepen our footprints in Ahmedabad. Our long-term vision is to transform Harit Zaveri

Jewellers into India's leading Indian jewellery brand, recognized by exceptional

design, superior craftsmanship and transparent business practices and an outstanding

customer experience.

We believe that our integrated manufacturing capabilities, design expertise,

governance-led approach and a growing retail presence provide a strong foundation

for sustainable growth. As consumer preferences increasingly shift towards organized

and trusted jewellery brands, we are well positioned to capitalize on the opportunity

and create long term value for all our stakeholders.

With that, let me now take you through the financial operations performance for the

quarter. We are pleased to report a healthy performance of Quarter 1 fiscal 27

delivering a revenue growth in line with the guidance shared in the previous quarter.

For the quarter under review, revenue from operations stood at INR121 crores

registering a strong growth of 60% Y-o-Y with a revenue growth in line with the

guidance shared in the previous quarter, driven by robust consumer demand, higher

jewellery sales and strengthening brand recall.

EBITDA for the quarter is INR18 crores reflecting a healthy growth of 39% Y-o-Y,

with EBITDA margins coming in a healthy 14.9%. Profit after tax for the quarter has

been 28% at INR9 crores translating PAT at 7.5%. In terms of segmental performance

for the quarter, retail revenue stood at INR78 crores registering a robust 70% Y-o-Y

growth.

Wholesale revenue stood at 42% reflecting a strong 47% Y-o-Y growth. Job work

revenue stood at approximately INR1.2 crores. During the quarter, we also

strengthened our market presence through active participation in five major jewellery

exhibitions and trade shows across Saurashtra region, North Gujarat, Ahmedabad and

other key locations.

                      Page 4 of 20

[page 6]
                                                                      RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                    August 12, 2026

             These platforms enabled us to showcase our latest collection, deepen engagement with

             trade partners and enhance our reach among prospective customers. In parallel, we

             continue to invest in brand building initiative through a series of targeted digital

             marketing campaigns that highlight both our occasion-led and everyday jewellery

             offerings.

             For our occasion wear portfolio, campaigns such as Akshaya Tritiya, Aangan, Godh

             Bharai, Mother's Day, Polki should effectively showcase our antique fusion and

             traditional Shringar collections, resonating with consumers during key celebratory

             moments. At the time we strengthened our positioning of our lightweight and elegantly

             crafted daily wear range, including our growing 18 karat rose gold collections through

             campaigns such as Homecoming, Samayu, Rose and Vintage.

             These initiatives helped us improve customer engagement, enhance brand visibility

             across digital platforms and reinforce our positioning as trusted jewellery to both

             aspirational and everyday jewellery needs. With that being said, I would like to open

             the floor for question-and-answer session. Thank you and over to you.

Moderator:   Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question

             comes from the line of Isha Shah from Malhotra Family Office. Please go ahead.

Isha Shah:   Hi Sir. So, the management has indicated plans to expand into Surat, Rajkot,

             Gandhinagar and Maninagar. So, could you please explain the expected timeline for

             these store launches and the estimated investment per store and even the anticipated

             break-even period?

Management:  Okay. So, Surat will be launching in Quarter 2 and Rajkot in early Quarter 3. And

             same, I think Maninagar and Gandhinagar both will be launched in Quarter 3 itself. So

             three stores in Quarter 3 and one store in Quarter 2, that is Surat. The large format

             stores are typically around 10,000 square feet carpet area and mid format stores are

             5,000 square feet carpet area. The inventory deployment in large format stores is

             typically around INR125 crores to INR150 crores. While in small format stores are

             around INR50 crores, plus and minus 10%, 15%. The capex when you say about the

             break-even point, the capex break-even will be achieved in a year or less.

Isha Shah:   And so, what are the initial customer responses and pre-launch indicators for the Surat

             and Rajkot flagship stores?

Management:  So, the company has done enough exhibitions in all these cities before coming to the

             conclusion of launching stores over there. And as we go near, there are a lot of

             marketing initiatives and campaigns that has been planned before the launch of the

                                 Page 5 of 20

[page 7]
                                                                                   RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                   August 12, 2026

               store. Once  it  is  done  and  the  store  is  operational,  we  would get engage the exact

               response.

               But we are expecting a lot of positive response as, in Ahmedabad we are not a legacy

               player, the store came into the operation in store in fiscal `21 when it was a INR24 crores

               turnover and last fiscal year we closed at INR408 crores. So, seeing that there is no

               legacy and the store we are able to deliver a very high growth rate,we hope that in Surat

               and Rajkot we deliver strong performances because we have done that in Ahmedabad

               too.

Isha Shah:     Yes. And over the next three to five years, how does the management see the revenue

               mix between the wholesale and the retail segments and additionally what is the level

               of contribution you expect retail operations to make?

Harit Zaveri:  For revenue mix, we see that job work percentage right now in Quarter 1 stands at 54%

               and, the mix has to, I think the B2B to B2C mix has to be 50-50 or so in a year or two

               and in long term it will be 75-25, 75 being retail.

Isha Shah:     Thank you so much sir. That's all from my side.

Moderator:     Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Subhi Gupta with Trinetra Asset

               Managers. Please go ahead.

Subhi Gupta:   My first question is that I think our long-term plan is to open about seven stores if I am

               not wrong. Sir, and in general also long term do we plan to sort of open everything in

               cluster around Gujarat or do we plan to open pan-India? First. Second , also if you

               could just give some colour on our debt-to-equity ratio, what is our target for that, since

               our borrowings have sort of increased, also I think that's due to short term borrowings

               for inventory. So if you could just give some colour on that also.

Harit Zaveri:  So because we had a store in Ahmedabad and there was a clear success, we had same

               demographics in Surat, Rajkot and Gujarat market. So, we are first primarily wanting

               to tap that. The eye is set for expansion across India but we would want to understand

               how and when, the timelines. Given that we have a sanctioned debt of around INR300

               crores.

               And we are yet to utilize it, which is sufficient for the four stores that is coming in this

               financial year. By the end of this financial year, we will be still below 1:1 ratio. I guess

               0.8 will be debt and 1 equity. Over the period of time we are wanting to gear up this to

               1.5 or 2:1 debt equity ratio, wherein major leverage will be through Gold Metal Loan,

               because the interest cost then, even if the debt equity ratio are 2:1, the cost of GML is

                                    Page 6 of 20

[page 8]
                                                                                   RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                   August 12, 2026

                   around 3%, 3.5%, which allows us to leverage more and pay the similar kind of interest

                   that we are paying right now in that debt equity of 1:1.

                   So, this is about the leverage that we are wanting to take. Not that we are not doing

                   any exhibitions outside Gujarat, we have done exhibitions in Bombay this year. We

                   are scheduled for Indore doing exhibitions. So we are exploring cities, we are

                   understanding demographics, we have got a strong learning curve from B2B about the

                   merchandise, but we are taking our steps in a right manner and focusing on retail

                   transformation on an overall basis.

Subhi Gupta:       Okay sir. All the best. Thank you.

Moderator:         Next question comes from the line of Deepesh Sancheti with Maanya Finance. Please

                   go ahead.

Deepesh Sancheti:  First of all, I just wanted to ask how was the IIJS show and how many orders, and how

                   is the orders from the customers and how is the consumer confidence before the festive

                   season?

Harit Zaveri:      So IIJS has been really warm this time, like it was really good this time. It was

                   encouraging and we have seen a buyer growth. We have seen a good order backing. I

                   think Quarter 2, we think that because of the orders and all, we are hoping that

                   performance will be very much in line with whatever we have projected in earlier

                   commentaries.

Deepesh Sancheti:  Right. And was there any new customer addition in this IIJS?

Harit Zaveri:      So good amount of family jeweller were added. Customer penetration was there. So

                   because of the variety mix, wherein the lightweight and the look versus the weight

                   ratio was achieved in a very strong way. We have seen that the orders are better from

                   a particular customer. So penetration has been high. There has been a good, successful

                   appreciation of designs even from corporate end, because of which the July, August

                   order kitty are full. So right now, company is very much in line with the orders that we

                   are receiving, and I hope that the response continues further.

Deepesh Sancheti:  Right. And so have we introduced anything in below caratage also, as in like below 22

                   carat, 18 carat or 14 carat or 9 carat?

Harit Zaveri:      So we have introduced this since December, our sales mix in corporate, before it was

                   100% 22 carat, I see by the end of this year, it will be at least 20% will be of 18

                   caratage.

                                  Page 7 of 20

[page 9]
                                                     RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                         August 12, 2026

Deepesh Sancheti:  20% 18 caratage. Now, just wanted to understand our B2B business for this quarter, it

                   was approximately 125 kgs, including the sale as well as the labor job work what we

                   did. And we did about 49 kgs in our retail. How much was out of this 49 kgs was our

                   own production?

Harit Zaveri:      Approximately around 20%.

Deepesh Sancheti:  20% was our own production.

Harit Zaveri:      15% to 20% should be,I don't have numbers in hand. But yes, that is what the ratio

                   generally remains.

Deepesh Sancheti:  Okay. And so what is our capacity utilization of our factory? Just wanted to understand

                   that.

Harit Zaveri:      The total capacity still remains at around 1.8 to 2 tons a year. And the production that

                   we are doing or the consumption that we are able to do is somewhere around 900 kgs

                   to 1000 kgs. So, we are utilizing factory at around 50% of capacity.

Deepesh Sancheti:  Okay. So you expect that going ahead in Q2 and Q3 where the festive season would

                   actually start, will we have a higher number, I mean almost 70, 80% of our capacity

                   utilization?

Harit Zaveri:      In the season times, currently as of now, our capacity utilization generally goes at 70%,

                   80% minimum, 75%, 85% sometimes, depending on which days are all, sometimes it

                   is near to 90% or so. But not on the off-season time, these are the core season times

                   July, August, September. Quarter 2 is very heavy for corporate job workload.

Deepesh Sancheti:  Right. And just wanted to understand also that why was the margin lower in spite of

                   sales growth in volume and numbers being there? I mean, I'm talking year-on-year.

Harit Zaveri:      Yes, so can you tell me which margins, net profit margins or EBITDA?

Deepesh Sancheti:  No, no. EBITDA.

Harit Zaveri:      EBITDA level is approximately 40% and generally there are two components that we

                   have understood. One is that the average gold rate has remained stagnant and thus there

                   is negligible inventory gain in the system as of now. So, on the Quarter 1 side the

                   EBITDA margins have reflected that. There is other two impacts that are there: The

                   amortization of lease assets is INR76 lakhs and the impact of lease liabilities is at

                   INR115 lakhs.

                                       Page 8 of 20

[page 10]
                                                                                  RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                       August 12, 2026

                   So, because of these two also, there has been a sluggishness in margins. And because

                   of Surat store opening, in the month of September, we have already booked, we have

                   already offered and engaged the employees for the BTL activities and training and

                   stuff. So even for that the employee expenses have been a little higher and the stock

                   engagement and stock planning was done, so you can see that finance cost is also a

                   little up, in that case.

                   So just because of this new store ramping up, we are wanting to have everything in

                   more advanced as a plan goes and thus some of the booking of expenses like

                   advertisements and all has also happen. So not one, there are several reasons put

                   together. But I think we overall have done around INR9 crores or so which I think

                   when the store are opened and things are more in line, I think it will it will reflect onto

                   better revenue growth or so and maybe on the PAT levels also.

Deepesh Sancheti:  Right. Coming on the stock level as well as what you mentioned for the previous

                   participant about going for GML. Wanted to understand that will this GML be for a

                   new retail store or will we apply entire inventory of our 350 kgs for the retail and for

                   the business, for the factory and B2B business we will have the GML. Just want to

                   understand that where are we going in the next two to three years?

                   Are we looking at being a prominent retail company? Or are we looking at B2B as an

                   equal, participant?

Harit Zaveri:      So we are going to transform into a retail side. So if I say in a medium long term, I said

                   that the ratios will be 50-50 in terms of retail versus the B2B. Given that the profit

                   from the side of value of merchandise will come more from retail, we see retail as a

                   scalable business and this is the right moment as 60% of the industry is unorganized

                   and there is not such retail players in Gujarat or Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh. There is

                   a clear white space available.

                   Also, there is a gap between what the product offerings of corporates are and what the

                   family jewellers have an approach. So we see that the scale will happen in retail. Not

                   anywhere that wholesale business is going down, we are going good in wholesale

                   business. If you see even in this quarter our wholesale numbers have been very strong.

                   Both sides B2B are getting very strong. The order book levels are also very strong for

                   coming quarter also. But the focus is remaining in retail. In the long term you will see

                   that major amount of profits will come from retail. The sales mix might be different, it

                   might be, 50-50 or 60-40 or whatsoever, but profitability will come from retail side.

Deepesh Sancheti:  And if you can also mention the stock allocation and where do you use the GML?

                                             Page 9 of 20

[page 11]
                                                          RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                          August 12, 2026

Harit Zaveri:      GML we are planning that during the course of the journey we should actually have an

                   inventory which is hedged. We have already started using GML in this quarter, a little

                   bit, but as and when the quarter passes we want to completely churn over the whole

                   inventory to go hedged. But that will take three year of time that I, as you have said.

                   So slowly and steadily, yes, we are moving towards hedging. And basically, hedging

                   means use of GML.

Deepesh Sancheti:  Okay. So the current inventory of ours will not be hedged right? As in we are not doing

                   anything to our current inventory?

Harit Zaveri:      No, current inventory, no, I mean the current inventory will also be hedged. On the

                   long run, why not really go for maybe 90%, 100% hedged, whatsoever. These are just

                   percentages. The whole idea is we need to hedge gold as a commodity on USD levels.

Deepesh Sancheti:  If I can just ask that, how are you going to currently hedge? Let's say, you have around

                   350 kgs of gold. Are you going to sell it and then convert that entire loan into a GML?

                   I mean, just want to understand how are you going to hedge your current inventory?

Harit Zaveri:      Yes, so what you are telling is the methodology of hedging, like methodology of how

                   you are going to do it. So whatever the sales happens in retail, there will be a cash flow

                   and that whenever we want to utilize the bank from that cash flow, it will be done via

                   GML. So currently we are in negotiation with banks regarding the sub-limit as GML

                   and we will be using all our bank limits plus the equity, everything there will be

                   rotating. Things, slowly and steadily as the sales happen, things will be more on the

                   GML level.

Moderator:         Thank you. Mr. Sancheti, please rejoin the queue for more questions. Next question

                   comes from the line of Sahil Patani with Strokes Capital. Please go ahead.

Sahil Patani:      Hi, Harit, most of my questions have been answered. But just a clarification. So, the

                   remaining three stores that you are planning for next year, are they also going to be

                   based out of Gujarat?

Harit Zaveri:      So, when you say remaining three stores, do you mean apart from the four stores that

                   are coming right now?

Sahil Patani:      Correct. Yes, correct.

Harit Zaveri:      So yes, couple of them what we have for which the lease has been signed is from

                   Gujarat itself.

                                           Page 10 of 20

[page 12]
                                                          RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                     August 12, 2026

Sahil Patani:  Okay. All right. And just to piggyback on previous participants question on EBITDA

               margins, because obviously we have the three stores, four stores coming up this year.

               So do we kind of see the similar range of margins for like the rest of the quarters as

               well because you will obviously be spending on the stores, marketing and stuff like

               that.

Harit Zaveri:  You will be seeing an increased amount of marketing expense. In this quarter also, a

               good amount of expenses have been there, we have accounted or recorded for the

               expenses. So that it does not come heavily on a single quarter. There is a spread of

               expenses.

               But seeing that we are invested in brand building, upcoming stores are very crucial, it

               will actually show us how we are performing in retail, in chain store level. Given that

               the longer-term outlook is more on the transformation of retail, we are positive that the

               brand building exercises will lead us into a more scalable approach.

Sahil Patani:  Okay. Got it. And since obviously your Surat store is slated for Q2, so we are already

               in the middle of August. So should we expect something in the next three, three to four

               weeks, like some sort of an announcement?

Management:    So, Surat store date is coming approximately coming on the last week of September.

               It's coming closer to Navratri. The whole thing is that, can it be closer to Navratri. If

               Surat and Rajkot both the mega stores are opening closer to Navratri, it is best. Navratri

               is at 11th of October. So, Surat might be in quarter two and Rajkot might be in quarter

               three.

Sahil Patani:  Got it. Thank you Harit, thanks.

Moderator:     Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rahul Varma with Alpha. Please go

               ahead.

Rahul Varma:   Hi, good evening sir and thank you so much for taking my question. Apologies I joined

               in a bit late, but I have a few questions. So basically sir, I wanted to understand on the

               volume, our wholesale volume grew modestly while retail remained the key growth

               driver for us. So how do you view the demand trends from large retail partners, such

               as maybe Malabar Gold or let's say Titan?

Harit Zaveri:  So, the demand, all the corporates are giving us orders because of the upcoming season

               that is Quarter 3 and demand in corporates for Quarter 1 has also been good. I think

               we are anticipating a good response from the B2B side as well. B2B side will go on

               doing well, I do not see growth constraints, but major leap of growth is still going to

               happen from retail.

                                    Page 11 of 20

[page 13]
                                                                                RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                        August 12, 2026

                 What we are delivering numbers is a store which, the growth has happened in five

                 years. So basically, it's the same store sale growth which itself is very promising. So if

                 we really are going on building up new stores, I think we will be getting good response.

Rahul Varma:     I understand. And on the client addition, if you could provide some color during the

                 quarter, how many clients we added and maybe the opportunity to increase wallet share

                 from the existing marquee customers we have?

Harit Zaveri:    Sure, I think, let me understand how can I share the data about but these are mom and

                 pop stores which we have added, the family jewellers, and there's a good amount of

                 family jewellers that have come in. Even the penetration, a good amount of penetration

                 also that we have done in the existing customers. Generally, the B2B volume and the

                 revenue mix would be able to give you an idea of that, but if there is any addition in

                 numbers that are required, we would be sharing those numbers.

Rahul Varma:     Understood. And just a last question from my end, on the job work segment basically.

                 So this segment is supposed to be the highest margin and most asset-light business, is

                 what I understand. So what initiatives are being taken to increase its share in the overall

                 revenues for us?

Harit Zaveri:    So, we are approaching everyone, be it a family store or be it a corporate, to give us

                 gold in advance so that less amount of working capital is blocked to do this. And we

                 have at least remained consistent, if you see the mix, the job work mix is right now

                 still at 54% and I think you are true at saying that it helps, it is a very, it's a very fast-

                 moving cycle, the working capital cycle.

                 And our approach will be there. But to what extent can we convince a B2B player to

                 still give us a job work is let us see in the coming season, the improvement should be

                 there, I believe. But we cannot comment because it generally depends on the

                 consumers preferences, if we are able to convert them in job work - great, otherwise

                 we are ready to supply them even in the wholesale manner, the sale of goods manner.

Rahul Varma:     Okay, sir. Understood. All right sir that's all from me. Thank you so much for these

                 answers. Thank you.

Moderator:       Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rajender Passi with NP Analysts.

                 Please go ahead.

Rajender Passi:  Hi, Harit Bhai. So my first question would be from the demand side, like Q1 has been

                 sluggish in between, like for few weeks because of whatever happened in the past.

                 How are we seeing the demand for Q2 as half of the Q2 is almost gone.

                                      Page 12 of 20

[page 14]
                                                                                 RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                         August 12, 2026

Harit Zaveri:    So July has been good. August so far has been right. IIJS has gone good, but still we

                 would not want to really comment on numbers. I think company so far is on a right

                 track, be it the transformation that is taking place, on a directional move, be it a

                 developing team. I believe that with this kind of a transformation and changes that we

                 are undertaking, we are all set to grow fundamentally in coming years.

                 And the demand side looks to be good and promising for Quarter 2, as we are

                 approaching. And Quarter 3 will be led by retail, and in Quarter 3, we are all our stores

                 are going to be operational. So it is going to be an exciting quarter.

Rajender Passi:  Okay. And one more question would be from as you already said that from the long

                 term side we are already in the right directions. We are opening stores we have plans

                 to open three new stores in maybe in the next financial year.

                 So that part is going good. But what are seeing right now is from our peers is the light

                 weight jewellery section is performing well or the companies which are in the

                 lightweight jewellery section, they are giving like crushing numbers. And you already

                 mentioned that by the end of the year we are going to have 20% of our B2B work

                 coming from the lightweight jewellery which is in like the 18 karats.

                 So, what more are we doing on that side to cater more market share on the lightweight

                 jewellery side?

Harit Zaveri:    So we are in occasion wear business, what we understand is the preference of consumer

                 and the preference that comes from the merchandising or the store end to us. We still

                 believe that 22 karat is going to be dominant in our category.

                 Yes, doors of 18 karat have opened. This time, the success of IIJS was very evident

                 because the look to weight ratio has been very strong. There are certain categories

                 which people do not want to compromise karatage on and those are categories like

                 mangalsutra wherein people still believe in purity, and there are certain demographics

                 which people do not really want to go into 18 karat, also makes things more interesting

                 and complex actually.

                 So we are not seeing demand across India for 18 karat to rise in occasion wear. In

                 certain parts there is good demand of 18 karat that we are witnessing. And for those

                 areas we are developing designs, we are understanding how to cater them better. The

                 whole play on our end being a B2B manufacturer is how fast we can deliver the goods,

                 how good we can make the aesthetics, that is design, and how fast we can, so I think

                 company is doing well in all this three.

Rajender Passi:  Got it. Got it. Thank you.

                                        Page 13 of 20

[page 15]
                                                                                  RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                       August 12, 2026

Moderator:       We have lost  the line of the participant. We will move to  the next. That is Shikhar

                 Mundra from   Vivog Commercial Limited. Please go ahead.

Shikhar Mundra:  Hi Harit ji, is it possible to share the EBITDA between the different divisions, retail,

                 wholesale and job work?

Harit Zaveri:    So as the company is actually transforming from B2B to B2C, right now we are not

                 sharing it because of competitive reasons. But in future, we very well will take your

                 feedback and evaluate.

Shikhar Mundra:  Okay. And for in Q2, what expenses did we incur for the Surat store? Like have we

                 already started stocking up the inventory? And for the employee cost, how much of

                 employees have we hired for the Surat store which hit our P&L in Q1?

Harit Zaveri:    Approximately 52 to 60 people were hired. And we are also making because there is

                 good number of stores coming up, the whole change on HR is happening. Be it the

                 roles of head merchandisers, head supply chain, head vigilance and security.

                 So, the team development is going to be continuous in nature and that is how when I

                 say the business will move fundamentally, that is how I understand the team, tech and

                 the whole experience to the customer have to be made in a right way. So growth has

                 to fundamentally remain. So this employee cost will be on a rising trend I expect and

                 in this fiscal year yes 60 employees were added. I am yet to see the data of an average

                 cost.

                 Other than that, there is lease liabilities of INR115 lakhs that I have told and

                 amortization of assets at INR76 lakhs which is which was there.

Shikhar Mundra:  Okay. And what is the capex incurred for the Surat store? And you said a breakeven

                 of one year on the capex. So what is the capex incurred? And what are we estimating

                 the sales for the first year for the Surat store?

Harit Zaveri:    Approximately INR10 crores is the capex incurred for Surat store. I am sorry can you

                 repeat the second half? The revenue forecast,let us step into it. It is too early for all the

                 forecast. I think Quarter 3 we will be more clear and visible of what we are having.

                 But I suppose that we should be, let us right now not spill out the forecast numbers. I

                 will keep it with myself, let the store begin. After a month or two, let us gauge, let us

                 put all efforts in for marketing activities, and yes we are thinking that we should be

                 able to break even in a year or so with all the capex.

Shikhar Mundra:  All right. Thank you.

                                        Page 14 of 20

[page 16]
                                                                                    RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                    August 12, 2026

Moderator:         Thank you. Next question   comes   from  the  line  of  Deepesh  Sancheti with Maanya

                   Finance. Please go ahead.

Deepesh Sancheti:  Harit bhai, actually it's not a question, it's actually an observation. Now when you said

                   that you are going asset light and basically the Titan way, if you are planning to do,

                   and if you are planning to hedge your entire inventory. So, correct me if I am wrong,

                   but your current inventory value is almost your market cap.

                   So, if I were to assume that in one to two years you are going to liquidate that entire

                   inventory, get it converted to maybe a GML and a more ROI sustained business, then

                   as an investor I am getting the company for free, only the debt part which is there, just

                   if you can correct me I mean is that the right assessment or am I going wrong

                   somewhere?

Harit Zaveri:      So Deepesh, how I see is that the commodity of gold is volatile. In India, it becomes

                   stable because of dollar appreciation and custom duty. What we are trying we say that

                   we are using GML, what we are really trying is we are trying to arrest the volatility of

                   gold and gain benefit from the low cost of loan that we are getting from GML that is

                   let's say 3%, 3.5% versus 9% that we are getting on the interest rate that we are paying.

                   So that 5.5% is giving us a very good amount of interest and also the business becomes

                   more fundamentally right. Now what you talk about the inventory levels, it is a

                   directional call that we have taken that on an ongoing business if we were to, put our

                   inventory and this amount of inventory onto, let's say in an open position, it is going

                   to call for risk.

                   The second point is we are able to leverage more if we are using GML, because the

                   cost of interest doesn't go up and if we are able to leverage more than the scalability

                   and the visibility of stores are spread across. So because of these two stances, we think

                   that GML makes a lot of sense to us. Not currently, completely indulging into it, but

                   slowly and steadily progressively moving towards that.

                   So maybe by this fiscal year we see that can we have some portion, in next year let's

                   say that portion really becomes more better, can it be 50% and then third year can we

                   really make it at 75%, so on and so forth. Now if you calculate the cost of inventory

                   currently in the book value versus the market value, the difference is obviously around

                   18%. But I would certainly see this as a directional view of hedging gold and taking

                   no risk on the commodity level of gold at USD prices.

Deepesh Sancheti:  What is the book value right now?

                                      Page 15 of 20

[page 17]
                                                                                   RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                          August 12, 2026

Harit Zaveri:      The   book value versus market value still remains  at  around  18% or so, the difference

                   that  that we observe basically on a weekly basis.

Deepesh Sancheti:  Right. No, I'm talking about the book value of per share, the book value as a financial

                   parameter? What is the updated book value?

Harit Zaveri:      Right now, I think the inventory is around approximately INR400 crores.

Deepesh Sancheti:  INR400 crores. Okay. Great, that's really exciting. And so, we basically are saying that

                   we will go the asset light model for a better ROE and for a better business performance.

                   That is really exciting and yes.

Management:        Thanks. Thanks, Deepesh.

Moderator:         Next question comes from the line of Yash Modi with Ashika Group. Please go ahead.

Yash Modi:         Good afternoon, Harit bhai. Congratulations on a good set of numbers and

                   congratulations on taking the hard steps which was required prior to opening up the

                   new stores.

                   Continuing with the last participant's question, so earlier when we were basically not

                   taking Gold Metal Loans and saying that we would prefer cash credit limit, because

                   obviously gold going up, we would need to give margins and all. So, I wanted to just

                   understand, what has changed fundamentally in our thought process, that now we are

                   open to taking the Gold Metal Loan. That will be question number one.

Harit Zaveri:      So, Yash, if you see on a CAGR basis, the gold has increased at about 13% a year in

                   India. Now gold as a commodity in India is split into three parts. One is gold at USD

                   levels, another is gold at the dollar composition, the dollar appreciation, depreciation,

                   and the third is custom duty. These three variables together make gold INR a value.

                   Now, what we notice is that gold in USD has fallen or corrected 30% from its peak of

                   5528 to let's say USD4,000. The dollar has appreciated and custom duty has gone up

                   from 6% to 15%, which has given a negligible impact in gold INR. Now if you go on

                   historical data, gold as a commodity drops heavily and rises heavily, but on a CAGR

                   basis, it has a 7% appreciation.

                   If I were to arrest the gold volatility through GML, by keeping the dollar and the

                   custom duty component separate, then I am playing a good part by just giving this

                   5.5% of margin that is 3%, 3.5% versus 8.5%, 9% and then sacrificing the 7% with

                   5.5%. So, I am remaining on a very, very long-term basis at minus two. But it helps

                                Page 16 of 20

[page 18]
                                                                                     RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                          August 12, 2026

               me a lot to scale the business because my debt leveraging capacity increases robustly.

               So, this composition overall seems to be a better composition.

               Now, why we are not taking in before because of these margins, etcetera, that is true.

               And over here also we have said that in the long-term approach, we will be getting it

               to 100% thing, not in a year or so. So slowly, when the credit rating improves, from

               let's say BBB + positive outlook to let's say an A band and plus and plus, and we see

               that the banking relationships are strengthening and the accounts and department, the

               finance department is able to take care, that is how we will slowly progress.

Yash Modi:     Got it. So basically, what you're trying to say is that because our balance sheet size has

               increased, the ability to, if there is some margins hit also, the ability to take that margin

               hit has also improved, plus it is also acting as the natural hedge, which now that we are

               becoming more and more retail in nature, we would prefer to be more hedged rather

               than take that volatility on. Is that the correct understanding?

Harit Zaveri:  Yes, yes, it's a correct understanding.

Yash Modi:     Okay, sir. Second question would be, now that we have planned these seven stores,

               what is our plans of going the franchise route? Taking on the previous participant's

               question, obviously now that you take the gold metal loan, the operating cash flows

               will improve, but now another lever of improving operating cash flows will also be the

               franchisee route. So, what are your thoughts on the franchisee route?

Harit Zaveri:  So, when we say that we are opening Surat store and Rajkot store, which are mega

               stores, and there is a heavy spend on marketing that we are doing or brand building we

               are doing. We are not looking or keeping our eye on higher side of developing unit

               economics. What we are really doing is, we are investing in brand building so that

               tomorrow the brand is lucrative for franchisors.

               So, before we go to these people or to take our franchise, we want the brand robustness

               to be there so that when they take it, the good from their shelf moves faster. Hence this

               exercise is taken. It is just an effect that there is a Surat and Rajkot store coming up, so

               this is the expenditure that we are doing, but we know inside that this expenditure is

               not done only for Surat and Rajkot.

               The whole approach for doing this exercise is to build the brand, so that tomorrow we

               can go onto the franchise route. But today it is too early to say anything, so let us stick

               onto the brand building word itself.

Yash Modi:     So, in the  long  run,  is it fair to assume that there will only be  two  verticals  for      our

               business?   One   will  be job work and the other will be retail      and  typically  all      our

                                       Page 17 of 20

[page 19]
                                                                              RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                              August 12, 2026

                 franchise stores and our other retail stores would be acting as our clients for the B2B

                 part of the business that we are doing? Is that the right way of thinking about say the

                 Titan job work business stays.

                 And obviously the retail and the franchise business become so much that the B2B part

                 of the business that we are doing right now goes to those people now that we obviously,

                 because we have manufacturing excellence and capabilities. Is that the right way to

                 think about the business in say three, four years from now?

Harit Zaveri:    So B2B will remain, be it Titan or family jewellers. But B2C will really transform and

                 accelerate, the brand building will happen, we will explore routes for bringing high

                 store visibility, expansion, and building the brand that relates to consumer on a better

                 space. The sales mix would change for sure, the profit that you see today comes, let's

                 say if it comes from B2B a good share, tomorrow it will come a higher share will be

                 taken by B2C.

                 So that will be our long-term story, approximately that is three to four years as you

                 quoted. And yes, hopefully if we are building the brand in a right way, if we are going

                 on franchise, it is going to be a different scale altogether that we would want to achieve.

                 But yes, yes, your overall opinion is right.

Yash Modi:       Thank you. Thank you so much, Harit bhai. All the best. I look forward to the next

                 call.

Moderator:       Next question comes from the line of Shikhar Mundra with Vivog Commercial

                 Limited. Please go ahead.

Shikhar Mundra:  Just wanted a clarification. Our net worth was INR300 crores as on March 26, and we

                 have earned like INR9 crores, so our net worth should be around INR310 crores, right?

                 Because you mentioned INR400 crores, so just wanted a clarification on the same.

Harit Zaveri:    Inventory levels were mentioned at INR400 crores.

Shikhar Mundra:  Okay, that was the inventory. Because you were discussing the book value. Okay, got

                 it.

Moderator:       Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rajender Passi with NP Analyst.

                 Please go ahead.

Rajender Passi:  As I was asking earlier as well, so Harit bhai, we were discussing on the part that from

                 the long-term perspective, we are doing good. We are taking all the right steps to build

                 a brand and we are obviously into occasion wear jewellery which generally goes into

                                   Page 18 of 20

[page 20]
                                                                                          RBZ    Jewellers Limited

                                                                                                 August 12, 2026

                 22 carats.  But    my  question  was  from  the  lighter  weight  side,  be it  18 carats or even

                 lesser.

                 Do we have any plans or are we looking something to grow our business on that side

                 as well or our focus is only going to remain on building the brand on the retail side and

                 whatever we are getting along with that in the lighter caratage from our B2B

                 consumers, we are going to do that?

Management:      So, we see business of B2B very separately from B2C. In B2B, we have registered a

                 very strong growth, be it wholesale or a complete segment, our volumes itself have

                 grown in B2B segment. So, there is no doubt that B2B is neglected in any case. Now,

                 given that we are a B2B player, we understand demographics, we understand consumer

                 demand, we understand merchandising taste, and the change of taste and preferences

                 that we see, we are developing products and we are seeing a very encouraging response

                 in IIJS for that.

                 Now, 18 carats, currently there is a shift, but what proportion of shift it is, I have said

                 that the revenue mix that we are getting from 22, was 100% before, now it is 18%,

                 20% is 18 carats. To that level, the change is there. And design aesthetic wise, I don't

                 see much of change.The people are still asking for superior designs, better designs, but

                 on the lighter weight. So, when it comes to lighter weight, the look versus the look

                 aesthetic ratio has to change, which we have again delivered in this exhibition.

                 So overall, we are agile and we are very much there to address the need of the market,

                 which is there, and we are doing it so. When you say about lightweight jewellery, we

                 are not into categories like daily wear, but we are an occasion wear player. In B2B, we

                 remain as an occasion wear player in B2B. Yes, we are very much flexible and agile

                 on the shift of caratage that is happening.

Rajender Passi:  Okay. But we are not going to basically entertain the daily wear side as of now.

Management:      So, if you see even in the research reports, there is, from a 50% or 55% of daily wear,

                 occasion wear proportion, occasion wear proportion are event linked purchases, and

                 this has gone up. So, steady or steep increase in price makes occasion wear segment

                 very resilient to demand, weakening of demand. In daily wear, people purchase daily

                 wear on their anniversaries, birthdays, but those are for the moments of joy. Occasion

                 wears are purchased on the compulsory basis.

                 And we are in a segment wherein the demand is more resilient, and hence I think it's

                 the right proposition to be in this segment and grow in a profitable gold segment that

                 is an antique category. Even in the gold category, if you look at it, we are in an antique

                                        Page 19 of 20

[page 21]
                                                                         RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                          August 12, 2026

                 domain which is in industry-wide is known to be a profitable gold segment. Not unlike

                 a plain gold segment wherein you don't have stones or where you don't have margins.

Rajender Passi:  Got it. And the second question was regarding the store opening part. So, Surat one is

                 going to come up towards the end of September. And we are going to have three more

                 openings in in Q3, right? So, can we expect those three openings towards the early Q3,

                 since that is going to be the main season?

Harit Zaveri:    Yes. So, the large format stores are opening at the right time. I think Surat is well

                 before Navratri and Rajkot is going to be somewhere before October itself. So, I think

                 we are, we are in the timelines and both the stores will have a good attraction. Given

                 about the Maninagar and the East Ahmedabad and the Gandhinagar timelines,we will

                 be opening in Q3. They will be witnessing the wedding season on a whole. But we are

                 not really sure of opening it before Diwali or in the month of October.

Rajender Passi:  Got it.

Harit Zaveri:    And those both the stores are mid format stores. So, we want that both the large format

                 stores to leverage the complete season demand. The mid format stores can come in

                 November.

Rajender Passi:  Okay. And according to you or the plan is to have a breakeven in just one year, right?

                 That's what we are targeting right now.

Harit Zaveri:    Yes.

Rajender Passi:  Got it. That was all. All the best.

Harit Zaveri:    Thank you.

Moderator:       Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we have reached

                 the end of question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to the

                 management for closing comments.

Harit Zaveri:    Thank you all for participating in the earnings conference call. If you have any further

                 questions or you would like to know more about the company, please reach out to our

                 Investor Relations Manager at EY. Thank you.

Moderator:       Thank you. On behalf of RBZ Jewellers Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank

                 you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.

                             Page 20 of 20

