[page 1]
                                           RBZ�

                                    JEWELLERS LTD.

17th November 2025

To,                                           To,

Department of Corporate Services              Listing Department

BSE Limited,                                  National Stock Exchange of India Limited,

P J Towers, Dalal Street,                     Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No. C/1,

Mumbai - 400 001                              G. Block Bandra-Kurla Complex,

                                              Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051

Security Code: 544060

Security ID: RBZJEWEL                         Symbol: RBZJEWEL

Dear Sir/Madam

Sub: Earning call Transcript  with  Analysts  and Investors for the Quarter ended as on                                                 30th

       September 2025.

Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, please find below the link of transcript of conference call arranged by the

company for Analysts and Investors on Wednesday, 12th November 2025 at 17:30 hrs. for

discussion on the financial performance of the Company for the quarter ended on 30th September

2025.

Path: Investor Earn Call Transcript_12.11.2025.pdf

This is for your information and records.

Thank you,

For, RBZ Jewellers Limited

HELI    Digitally signed

AKASH   by HELI AKASH

        GARALA

GARALA  Date: 2025.11.17

        17:07:59 +05'30'

Heli Garala

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Mem. No: 49256

Rcgd. Office& HeadOffice : Block-D, Mondeal Retail Park, NearRajpath Club, S.G. Highway, Ahmedabad-380054. Gujarat, India

Ph.: +91-79 69135740/ 41 Email: info@rbzjewellers.com, Website: www.rbzjewcllcrs.com CIN:L36910GJ2008PLC053586

Ha."itZa\�eri(ADhision ofRBZJew~llersLtd.), GF-1 to4, FF-IOI &102,SF-201 &202,TF-302,Ak,harCompl~x, Shivranj~niCr\.,_;RoJd, Satellite,

                                  Ah"'ed.lbad-15. Call: +91-79-69135730 / 31

[page 2]
                        JEWELLERS LTD

"RBZ         Jewellers Limited Q2 FY                    '26  Earnings

               Conference Call"

               November 12, 2025

                        "Vv"VALOREM

                        1\1\._ ADVTSORS                      C  H  O  R

JEWELLERS LTD           Your Partners in Value Crea/um

MANAGEMENT:    MR. HARIT ZAVERI - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR

               AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, RBZ JEWELLERS

               LIMITED

               MR. HARSHIT GANDHI - INTERNAL FINANCIAL

               CONTROLLER, RBZ JEWELLERS LIMITED

               MR. BHAVESH SABHNANI - SENIOR MANAGING,

               ACCOUNTS AND FINANCE, RBZ JEWELLERS LIMITED

MODERATORS:    MS. HENA KHATRI - VALOREM ADVISORS

                        Page 1 of 20

[page 3]
J EWELLERS     LTD

                                                                                        RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                               November 12, 2025

Moderator:          Ladies and gentlemen, good  day  and  welcome  to  the  Q2  H1  FY  '26 Earnings Conference Call

                    of RBZ Jewellers Limited.

                    As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an

                    opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance

                    during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing `*', then `0' on your touch-tone

                    phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.

                    I now hand the conference over to Ms. Hena Khatri from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and

                    over to you, ma'am.

Hena Khatri:        Thank you. Good evening, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Hena

                    Khatri from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of RBZ Jewellers Limited.

                    On behalf of the company and Valorem Advisors, I would like to thank you all for participating

                    in the company's earnings conference call for the 2nd Quarter and the first half of the Financial

                    Year 2026.

                    Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in

                    today's earnings conference call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking

                    statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from

                    those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions

                    made by and the information currently available to the management.

                    Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in

                    making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and

                    bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and the financial quarter under

                    review.

                    Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today's Earnings Call and

                    hand it over to them for opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Harit Zaveri - Joint MD and

                    CFO of the company; Mr. Harshit Gandhi - Internal Financial Controller and Mr. Bhavesh

                    Sabhnani - Senior Manager, Accounts and Finance of the company.

                    Without any further delay, I request Mr. Harit Zaveri to start with his opening remarks. Thank

                    you and over to you, sir.

Harit Zaveri:       Thank you, Hena and good evening, everyone. Welcome to our earnings conference call for

                    discussing the 2nd Quarter and the first half of the Financial Year 2026.

                    Before I give you the financial and the operational highlights of the period under review, let me

                    first start by giving you a brief overview of the company for some of those participants that may

                    be new to our company.

                                         Page 2 of 20

[page 4]
J EWELLERS  LTD

                                                                     RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                     November 12, 2025

                 RBZ is one of the leading organized manufacturers of gold jewellery in India. We are a unique

                 jewellery company with diversified business model, wherein we offer products to national

                 retailers on wholesale and job work basis, as well as direct customers from our flagship retail

                 store in Ahmedabad. We have a state-of-art manufacturing facility equipped with advanced

                 casting, laser and 3D printing technologies, which is supported by 200 plus professionals and

                 250 skilled artisans. Because of our manufacturing setup and presence across both wholesale

                 and retail segment, we are able to garner better margins than our peers. We offer a diverse range

                 of jewellery collection comprising of different manufacturing techniques and varieties, but our

                 specialties lies in antique gold bridal jewellery.

                 Our flagship showroom Harit Zaveri Jewellers in Ahmedabad offers bridal occasion and daily

                 wear jewellery across diverse price ranges. The retail product portfolio features a diverse

                 selection of gold studded and other jewellery, including bangles, chain, necklaces, rings and

                 earrings etc. We are also planning to expand our retail presence in Rajkot, Surat and Baroda as

                 well.

                 Now, coming to the financial highlights for the 2nd Quarter of the Financial Year 2026 under

                 review:

                 Despite gold price touching lifetime high, we remain aligned with our revenue guidance, revenue

                 from operations for the 2nd quarter stood at INR 145 crores, marking a strong growth of 24%

                 year-on-year and 92% quarter-on-quarter. This performance was driven by successful new

                 launches of design, productivity improvement and positive consumer sentiment from early onset

                 of the festive season. EBITDA for the quarter rose sharply at INR 28 crores, an increase of 105%

                 year-on-year and 118% subsequently, with margins expanding significantly up 766 basis points

                 Y-on-Y and 230 basis points Q-on-Q to 19.5%. PAT for the quarter stood at INR 19 crores,

                 reflecting a robust growth of 130% year-on-year and 162% quarter-on-quarter, with PAT

                 margins improving to 12.82%.

                 For the first half of the Financial Year 2026, our revenue from operations stood at INR 221

                 crores, reflecting a healthy growth of 11% Y-on-Y. EBITDA came at around INR 41 crores, up

                 47% Y-on-Y, with margins expanding by 455 basis points to 18.62%. Net profit for the first half

                 is INR 26 crores, growth of 50% Y-on-Y, with PAT margins improving to 11.64%.

                 In terms of segmental performance for the 2nd Quarter of the Financial Year 2026:

                 Our retail revenue stood at INR 87 crores, registering a growth of 18% Y-on-Y. Wholesale

                 revenue came in at INR 56 crores, up 40% compared to the same period last year, while job

                 work revenue grew 22% at INR 3 crores. For the first half of Financial Year 2026, retail revenue

                 grew by 11% Y-on-Y to INR 132 crores. Wholesale revenue increased 11% Y-on-Y to INR 84

                 crores and job work recorded a healthy growth of 17% year-on-year to INR 4 crores. We closed

                 the first half of the year on a very strong note, driven by robust traction across both occasion and

                          Page 3 of 20

[page 5]
J EWELLERS     L  T  D

                                                                                        RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                                    November 12, 2025

                        daily wear. This growth was    supported by evolving  consumer  preference and enhanced product

                        offerings and early offset of  festive season.

                        During the period, we actively participated in multiple exhibitions to strengthen our market

                        presence, 5 national level B2B exhibitions and 7 B2C exhibitions, significantly enhancing the

                        brand visibility and customer engagement. We have also launched several impactful digital

                        marketing campaigns, showcasing both our festive daily wear collections in occasion wear

                        campaigns, such as Chand, Rangat, Navratri Bridal and Akshay Tritiya festive highlights, our

                        exquisite Gold Polki and Antique collections were there. In Daily wear campaigns, Humsafar

                        and Rozana celebrated lightweight, elegant collections for everyday use.

                        Our retail expansion front, encouraged by the strong performance of our Ahmedabad showroom,

                        we plan to strengthen our presence in Gujarat by expanding in other key cities such as Rajkot

                        and Surat, with at least one of them opening in the quarter 4 of this financial year. Building on

                        our strong Q2 performance, we remain focused on accelerating growth across segments. Our

                        continued emphasis on design innovation and well-diversified product mix and operational

                        excellence positions us well to drive sustainable growth in evolving a dynamic market

                        environment. We are witnessing encouraging demand trends and expecting robust consumer

                        traction during the upcoming wedding season in retail, particularly led by strong interest in

                        occasion wear category. However, while the overall demand remains positive, we are also

                        cautious on the revenue trends given the recent volatility in global precious metal prices.

                        With this, now I open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thank you.

Moderator:              Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question

                        comes from the line of Sahil Patani from Strokes Capital. Please go ahead.

Sahil Patani:           Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a very strong quarter. I wanted to

                        understand in the presentation, we mentioned that RBZ has about 1% market share in the

                        organized wholesale gold jewelry market, right? So, since this industry is like so fragmented,

                        what are we kind of doing to consistently gain market share in this business?

Harit Zaveri:           So, Sahil, thanks for asking the question. And correct, we have 1% market share when it comes

                        to organized, this occasion wear category. Given that in order to do the market penetration so

                        important thing would be launching of new designs. And that we have been doing so since now

                        many years. The design team is efficient. We are having a very organized approach when it

                        comes to approaching season, building up capabilities in terms of, are there on month to month

                        basis to understand that seasonality is there. There can be a demand pressure and can we handle

                        the demand pressure. So, generally market penetration right now because of high gold prices are

                        done by reducing the weight and not compromising on looks or enhancing the looks also

                        basically, reviewing the trends and forecast. With that, a right kind of IT infrastructure is

                        essential because organized players would demand delivery in a very short period of time. So,

                        Page 4 of 20

[page 6]
J EWELLERS     LTD

                                                                                        RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                        November 12, 2025

                    the inventory brokerage is low or that we need to have a right kind of an infrastructure that can

                    facilitate, give us right kind of reporting . The whole supply chain of manufacturing can be right

                    in place. So, obviously, productivity optimization will be one of the scenarios. But on the

                    penetration side, again, we can do exhibitions. We have already received a warm response when

                    we do B2B exhibitions. So, if you see, you can clearly understand on the first half of the year,

                    we have done 542 kg or that is almost we have not de-grown on our volumes. So, when you say

                    when we are not we have not de-grown on our volumes or we are volume positive in the first

                    half, that actually speaks about the strength and the robustness of the company, right? Because

                    gold prices has risen now 50%. If any company tells that okay, I am 20% revenue positive and

                    they don't have job work in their portfolio as offerings, that clearly indicates that they are minus

                    20% on, let us say, volume terms. But when we say that we are volume positive, even marginally,

                    that speaks robustness about the company and it is right kind of penetration strategy. But overall

                    to answer, design emphasis, lightweight design, not compromising on looks and strengthening

                    the operations by IT and other productivity measures.

Sahil Patani:       Understood. Thanks for that. Now, my second question is usually given like the second half, H2

                    is usually stronger for us out of both the halves and with the festive and the wedding season, I

                    think we have guided for about INR 700 crores topline for the whole year and INR 45 crores

                    bottom line. And we have already done INR 26 crores in the first half. So, even if we just match

                    that, I am pretty sure you will beat your own guidance. So, do you want to update that or do you

                    want to stick to the INR 45 crores PAT and INR 700 crores topline?

Harit Zaveri:       So, I actually see, what we are right now seeing is more and more corporates are going towards

                    this gold metal loan. So, when they are going to gold metal loan, the emphasis are coming in job

                    work. So, right now, let us say, last quarter Y-on-Y basis, Quarter 2, we have done 163 kg of job

                    work versus this year we have done 249 kg of job work. So, there is a very high steep increase

                    in job work. Now, our consumers, those who are corporates basically have GML facilities and

                    they want to do work with us on job work model. And we are also preferring those model because

                    we get the gold prior to the dispatchment. So, in this case, if you see the topline might get shifted,

                    but the volumes will support it. Let us say if I am not doing 700 topline, but that let us say 10 kg

                    of order which has come has not come on the sale basis. It has come on the job work basis. My

                    profitability would still remain same, but my topline would shift. That way, if you see the topline

                    has only grown about 25%, but overall the volumes are flat. So, the company has grown on an

                    ideal way, about 50%. So, with that keeping in mind, bottom line at INR 45 crores, I think now

                    it is as you already on TTM level, it is INR 47 crores. The environment is quite dynamic. Let us

                    not revise it. Let us understand Quarter 3, how is it rolling out? It is pretty good, actually, in

                    terms of retail, it is going very strong. So, let us hold on to the next quarter until any other

                    revisions. It will be too early to revise anything.

Sahil Patani:       Yes, that is fine. So, just one last question how was the Diwali and the whole festive period for

                    you? And I know that we have like 4 stores that we are trying to open over the next couple of

                    Page 5 of 20

[page 7]
J EWELLERS         LTD

                                                        RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                                    November 12, 2025

                        years. Any update on that? I know one of them is supposed to come in Q4 itself. So, if you could

                        just provide an update on that and how was the whole festive period for you?

Harit Zaveri:           Yes. So, if you talk about festives, Navratri was early, like it was seen Quarter 2 this year, the

                        start of Navratri. And it was a good festival season. In retail, we saw a very strong ticket size

                        upgradation. And there were customers coming in and despite the gold prices moving this high.

                        So, we are able to, I think, Quarter 3 when the results will come out, you will really see that the

                        retail has done fairly a good job because Quarter 2 is dominated by job work that is on the B2B

                        segment. But Quarter 3 will really have, I think retail is doing fairly well. To answer your

                        question, festive season has really gone good. We have seen a strong growth despite having only

                        one single store. And because of the strength that the store has really done well, we are so

                        confident to develop another coming couple of stores and then adding up 2 more. So, festivals

                        have gone good and the coming storerooms of 4 stores, the one is in Rajkot, Surat and then

                        another 2 stores are in Pipeline. We are understanding what kind of thing, but the overall

                        intention would be to really become a good player on a retail front in Gujarat. So, can we really

                        go forward for further strong expansion of stores? And in terms of Rajkot and Surat, those stores

                        are one of the largest in the respective cities. So, 10,000 square feet carpet area each, that is

                        minimum. Rajkot might be a little bit larger. So, I think we are aggressive in terms of store

                        expansion and the Ahmedabad store is showing us that that reflections that it is growing despite

                        having the same store, high numbers, we are able to grow it X, Y, Z%. So, it is showing us that

                        confidence.

Sahil Patani:           Got it. Yes, surely. And thanks for that, Harit. And again, congratulations on a strong set of

                        numbers. And hopefully, we continue the strength for the remainder of the year as well.

Harit Zaveri:           Sure, sir. Thanks a lot.

Moderator:              Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Deepesh Sancheti from Mania Finance.

                        Please go ahead.

Deepesh Sancheti:       Hi Harit, congratulations on a great set of numbers. My first question was regarding the number

                        of showrooms. Now you mentioned that you are opening 4 showrooms. You already mentioned

                        three names that is Rajkot, Baroda and Surat. What is the fourth location?

Harit Zaveri:           So, Rajkot and Surat is finalized. Baroda being a major economy, we are surely wanting to open

                        that. We are looking for locations. But on a broader guideline, we want to, see, there are many

                        places in Gujarat, right? So, we might be looking to add a couple of stores in Ahmedabad also

                        or nearby Ahmedabad or basically North Gujarat. But certainly, we are looking at some spots

                        and we are keen to finalize it once at least in the next quarter or so. So, I think when the overall

                        guidelines are to become one of the strongest pair in Gujarat in retail, I think 4 is a quite a

                        conservative number itself. Pardon me for not telling the location, but you can expect expansion.

                                          Page 6 of 20

[page 8]
J EWELLERS         LTD

                                                                                             RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                             November 12, 2025

Deepesh Sancheti:       Right. And then just wanted to understand, how do you decide on these locations? Because point

                        is, I know that these cities are well known cities. I don't know about Gandhinagar, whether you

                        are planning or not. But how do you decide on the locations of this? Whether you look at the

                        high income group or how do you actually decide on these locations?

Harit Zaveri:           So, jewellery industry is highly fragmented and the first thing that we look on to deciding

                        location is demographics, the community sense. So, let us say in Gujarat, in Ahmedabad, we are

                        having a strong customer base of certain communities, be it Patel or Jains or Marwaris. So, our

                        stock or the merchandise is famous in those communities. And when we understand that we are

                        basically a little premium because of the occasion wear segment and the antique jewellery, we

                        are positioned a little premium. So, particularly in those segments, we are finding that, yes, Surat

                        and Rajkot or Baroda have the same demographics and the income levels, so on and so forth.

                        But we will look at many of the aspects, right? Certainly a right location will be the thing. The

                        community will be the thing. We cannot open, let us say tomorrow, a showroom in which we

                        are unknown, let us say a Marathi community or any other community wherein we don't have

                        an experience. So, the start would be to do an exhibition at a particular location to understand

                        from different stakeholders, from the consumer, from the vendors, that what kind of products

                        are getting served. So, it is a very conscious call. So, before freezing any location, a lot of

                        exhibitions has already been there. Like Rajkot and Surat, we have done exhibitions throughout.

                        There are many customers who are coming from here. Via Instagram and digital marketing, we

                        understand that what kind of followers in percentage are there in Surat and Rajkot. So, when we

                        tap in there, because these are good bets, so we would want to always receive a warm response.

                        And also we understand about the province, like Rajkot is a great place to go because you cover

                        the whole Saurashtra side of the Gujarat. And Surat is wonderful because it is the ninth largest

                        in terms of GDP. And also it covers fantastically, it covers Southern Gujarat. So, we look at

                        quite a lot of things, demographics too quite simply stated.

Deepesh Sancheti:       What I meant was that going into Rajkot, how do we decide the place? Like, do you go to, like,

                        if you are setting up somewhere in Mumbai, you could do it somewhere near the Zaveri Bazaar

                        or similar to that, do you think in a particular city or you look at the different location only?

Harit Zaveri:           We would look at hubs. So, wherever the strongest hub is in the jewellery market, we would

                        want to get the place only on that location. So, we are very stringent when it comes to the store

                        location. In Rajkot, let us say the store is in the Kalavad road. If it is Surat, it has to be the Parle

                        Point or the Ghod Dod road. So, we are very stringent about the location. We do not want to go

                        and try ourselves out of the jewellery cluster with any. There is no risk. The location has to be

                        100% intact and right. So, no going away from the marketplace, even to spread the stores, etc.

Deepesh Sancheti:       So, these stores will be on lease format or will you purchase these stores, the real estate?

                        Page 7 of 20

[page 9]
J EWELLERS         LTD

                                                                               RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                               November 12, 2025

Harit Zaveri:           Generally, we prefer lease. If we see that there is an exciting location and the landlord is

                        somewhere not agreeing for lease and etc., then we might go for purchase. So, in Surat, half of

                        the property is purchased and half of the property is leased. But in Rajkot, it is fully leased.

Deepesh Sancheti:       Great. Just wanted to understand now, we had a sanction limit of around INR 150 crores. And

                        how much have we utilized that? And have we utilized it for purchase of gold? And if yes, then

                        what is the average price of purchase?

Harit Zaveri:           So, working capital limits will be only utilized for working capital purposes. And CC limits, if

                        you see, it will be utilized for working capital purposes only. And primarily it will be through

                        for the buying of gold. So, we have utilized around, I am not through with the data, but most of

                        the limits are utilized for gold only.

Deepesh Sancheti:       I am not saying for the general, like when you sell gold and you purchase it on one hand, not for

                        that. I am talking about your own stock. Have you increased the amount of stock also during this

                        entire H1?

Harit Zaveri:           Yes, because the demand was very strong, right? So, if you see the volumes are still flat, so we

                        have the purchase and sale will be done throughout. So, yes, we would be utilizing that stock.

                        And it was a season period. In fact, for retail right now also, it is a high on peak season period.

                        Wedding seasons are on. So, we would be utilizing it for stocks and yes, we have utilized those

                        limits for inventory purposes.

Deepesh Sancheti:       I remember we have been speaking to you since IPO times. And in IPO also, you said that the

                        entire money which I am taking, I am going to build my stock with it. At that time, I think at

                        that time, there were around INR 60,000 per 10 grams. That was the rate. And we all were

                        surprised that you are putting everything and not trying to go for gold loan. Of course, it turned

                        out to be right decision for you. So, just wanted to understand, even now you are putting at the

                        same thing or you are also going for gold metal loan?

Harit Zaveri:           So, Deepesh Bhai, it is not like, see, I will tell you that at that point of time, I have said that, INR

                        60,000 I am buying gold. But it is not about that. See, when we have demand, we generally buy

                        gold. And whenever we sell, we generally replenish it by the gold thing. I would not go for, let

                        us say, the INR thing or the GML is just because of let us say the gold has shot up from 60,000

                        to 1 lakh. So, we will have to pay the margins, right, for using this hedging tools and all. And

                        we cannot get the margins so much instantly. So, keeping the cash reserves and everything in

                        place is like on the seasonal times, it is quite like right now, we are not able to do. And we are

                        also not saving on the interest rate. So, CC, we are paying, let us say, 9%. On the GML, we

                        could have got it by 3%. But I think that is a decision to take, whether we go on GML or on the

                        gold buying. But certainly, right now, when you see the results, the strongest progress that you

                        can see is that we have not lost on volumes in the first half of the season. And in the Quarter 2,

                        we have grown the volumes to 380 kg from 317 kg. So, 20% is the volume rise that has happened

                                    Page 8 of 20

[page 10]
J EWELLERS         LTD

                                                                  RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                  November 12, 2025

                        in Quarter 2 that really speaks about the robustness of the company rather than anything, which

                        is to do with price gains, and etc. Going forward, we are still understanding and looking at the

                        GML part or the hedging part very strongly. We really don't want any downside risk. And the

                        book value of gold is sufficiently and very nicely in place to remove us from any of the downside

                        of metal prices that can happen. So, we are quite cautiously covered, Deepesh bhai.

Deepesh Sancheti:       Just coming on the volumes, you said that you have done 380 kg versus 317. This is quarter-on-

                        quarter or year-on-year?

Harit Zaveri:           Y-on-Y.

Deepesh Sancheti:       Y-on-Y and how much of this has been job work and how much has been from corporates?

Harit Zaveri:           So, 250kgs ideally is through job work in among 380 kgs. And the bifurcation of corporates will

                        be quite difficult because I am not having in hand, but most of the people are right now preferring

                        to do job work with us. There is a preference change a little, maybe because some of them are

                        worried, the rate is 1,25,000. So, let us give GML rather than buying and selling. So, that is why

                        maybe the preference changes happen. Similarly, the same changes happen in retail also. People

                        are selling, exchanging gold instead of buying fresh, like more freshness. It is industry-wide

                        same, it might reverse. So, but the bifurcation of family versus corporate, I am not having, but

                        we are really focused on corporates, right? That is how the company is also aligned. And they

                        have given us good growth. We are certainly happy that they have prepared for the season and

                        the numbers are also showing quite nice.

Deepesh Sancheti:       So, going forward, we as an analyst should not look at your sales growth numbers, but we should

                        only look at the volumes as well as your bottom line. Is that would be the right way to judge the

                        company?

Harit Zaveri:           No, incorrect, Deepesh bhai. I would add to this like I cannot say incorrect, but partially correct.

                        So, the best way to look at a company is, first, look at the volume numbers, multiply it by the

                        weighted average gold price, and you can look at the company from that set. So, now, when I

                        say that this quarter, I have done 380 kgs of volume, ideally, you should multiply that whole

                        thing by the weighted average volume that let us say 1,10,000 is the weighted average, if 125 is

                        the current rate. And then see that, look at this much amount of business that the company has

                        done and then the bottom line about, let us say, INR 18.5 crores, whatsoever. Then you can come

                        at the relatable figures. Otherwise, you will always be jumping. If the job work does well, then

                        EBITDA will shoot up, PAT will shoot up, but it is not like that. If you look at multiply it by the

                        weighted average, things will become easy. Yes, you can look at the sales figure also. In retail,

                        sales figure will be very critical because when I say that multiple locations will happen, so

                        revenue will 100% grow, why? Because the retail expansion will happen. So, sales will be

                        important, but volume figures cannot be not considered. And whenever the job work figures will

                        be high, the margins will rise up.

                                  Page 9 of 20

[page 11]
J EWELLERS         LTD

                                                         RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                         November 12, 2025

Deepesh Sancheti:       No, I am not ignoring the volume figures. In fact, the volume figures are very important. I was

                        just trying to ignore the value figures, whether it should be taken. But I think it is a fair point for

                        multiplying it and then getting the whole margin scenario also very easy. If you can add this to

                        your slide also, I think it would be great because for us also to get the weighted average, of

                        course, it is easy, but not a problem. But we will definitely do this if you can give us the volume

                        numbers every quarter. Great. Just wanted to understand one more thing as a business point of

                        view. Do you think that when you are growing number of stores and maybe will you go for more

                        stores in Ahmedabad? Because just like what Titan is doing in a bigger city, you have more

                        number of stores. Will you go that way? And if yes, then when the major expansion of stores

                        will be coming, will that be in your own gold only? Or you will actually come to GML for the

                        retail business?

Harit Zaveri:           So, see, as far as we are comfortable with the book value of gold and the weighted average price

                        of gold, we will be comfortable in accumulating gold. But once we come with the market parity

                        or let us say 10% near to that, that time we will be surely hedging and going forward for certain

                        portion of GML exposure also, why not? And on the future level or long term level, 100% the

                        company would be going on, we would be wanting to go on a GML basis. The preference would

                        be there, but the change will be gradual and like it has to be quite monitored also. And when you

                        say about the store expansions, like how any of the major corporates will be doing, everyone

                        will be having their different strategy. And the first thing has to be looked at, not the competitors

                        or the peers, but the consumers. Now, consumers will tell the story. If the consumers are coming

                        from, let us say, another region, and we are not able to map that and we are going on to a different

                        region for building stores, that might be sad, just because the competitors are doing it. So, we

                        want to focus, everything has to be focused in terms of where the consumer preferences and

                        which locations the consumer are coming? What is the preference that consumers are having?

                        And according to that, we will be opening stores. So, let us say, if consumers are coming from

                        Tier-3, then why not Tier-3? If consumers are coming from Tier-2, why not Tier-2? And yes,

                        then if consumers are coming from the metro cities, for sure. But focus will be not about, okay

                        he has opened here but the focus will be where our consumers are coming from, which

                        community they are coming from, the whole detailed study of demographics and their behavior,

                        etc.

Deepesh Sancheti:       Why I had to ask this question is because many of the family jewellers, when you see the way

                        they work, they work mainly in one city where the family actually comes from, like even a PNG

                        or even Anka Jewellers, they actually are there, but their presence is in majorly in Pune. Of

                        course, PNG is now expanded a lot. But so does Harit Zaveri also want to do this or you want to

                        become a pan-Gujarat player?

Harit Zaveri:           So, Deepesh, I am 36 years old. My jewellery store is merely 11 years old. It was a pilot tested

                        store. I can assure you, in 2019, we had a retail revenue of INR 24 crores and right now, last

                        year we were at INR 323 crores. Nothing to do with family store. We have no bargain system.

                        Things are systematized in the store. No one can come and say that, discount is there and I know

                                          Page 10 of 20

[page 12]
J EWELLERS         LTD

                                                                      RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                      November 12, 2025

                        Harit Bhai or something like that nothing. We are purely running this retail store on the basis of

                        right marketing that we are doing. You can check our Instagram page, Harit Zaveri Jewellers.

                        You will understand and you can surely come to the store, feel it itself that whether it is run by

                        mainly the relationships or actually driven by products and right kind of policies and procedures.

                        Yes, I think this is my submission.

Deepesh Sancheti:       Yes, great, says it all. But again, just one more thing that if the retail presence is going to be, you

                        are a 36-year-old guy. So, point is, your focus will be on retail or your focus will be on B2B?

                        Where is Harit Zaveri's focus?

Harit Zaveri:           So, volume-wise, we will also see, right now we are having a manufacturing facility and we are

                        for sure serving corporates who are giving us the right amount of right volumes. We are goodly,

                        fairly focused in manufacturing and the margins are coming from retail and the scalability should

                        come from retail. So, we are focusing on enlarging the brand. For the coming medium-term

                        goals, we can surely say that you will see the similar kind of numbers coming in with respect to

                        volumes and the volume of retail and wholesale will be somewhere around 50%-50% in the

                        medium-term level. Right now, if you see the volumes are 30% and 70%, 70% of the B2B level.

                        So, yes, we are growing B2C, but that does not mean that we are anyways compromising on

                        B2B or we are not growing on B2B also, like there is a lesser growth or anything is there. No,

                        because see, the main reason is B2C is run by, let us say, Ahmedabad market. If I am

                        understanding Ahmedabad market, let us say, I will understand in terms of rupees. Let us say,

                        my store has a maturity level of INR 500 crores. On that same side, technically understand

                        having a manufacturing facility and having, let us say, 10 Karigars, each karigarhaving 1 kg of

                        capacity. My manufacturing capacity 3 years ago, if I had 10 kilos, so that will translate to INR

                        50,000 per 10 grams, that is INR 50 crore of manufacturing capability I had with 10Karigars.

                        Now, that same 10 Karigarswill not produce less because the gold prices has gone up. They will

                        produce the same amount. Right now, my manufacturing capability would be INR 125 crores,

                        given that it is INR 1.25 lakh. There is a strong focus in B2B, and we are growing, expanding in

                        B2C. But in medium term, you will see the revenue shift will happen in retail much strongly.

                        Volume will remain in both.

Deepesh Sancheti:       Just last question, if I can ask, if I can just squeeze in a last question. What is the order book as

                        of now? Because you had said that in IIGS, you were booked till Diwali. What is the order book

                        right now? And what is it in terms of caratage? Do people prefer 18 carat or we have gone lower

                        also? That is it. That is the last question?

Harit Zaveri:           Yes, so caratage-wise, we are experimenting in 18 carats. We are building up inventory in

                        occasion where also 18 carat, that is new for us also. But we are certainly seeing the demand

                        coming up. As far as order books, see, job work has done its job in the Quarter 2 itself, we cannot

                        expect the same thing to roll out in Quarter 3 because the season was early this year. So, the

                        demand has come out early. And the Quarter 3 for job work will be quite muted. But you should

                        check it on the year-on-year. We are still on a very good side when it comes to job work. On the

                        Page 11 of 20

[page 13]
J EWELLERS     LTD

                                                                                              RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                              November 12, 2025

                    retail level, it is quite, seeing the 41 days of retail, it is going very good. And we are sure that

                    until and unless something else happens, we are sure that the momentum is going to go. Quarter

                    3 will be good in terms of strong retail sales, I think we are going to have. So, yes, caratage and

                    both, I think the revenue part, I think I hopefully have answered.

Moderator:          Thank you very much. The next question comes from the line of Raj Shah from RK Family

                    Office. Please go ahead.

Raj Shah:           Sir,. my first question is, on year-on-year basis, there is solid revenue growth in wholesale

                    division. But I think with the lowest volume. So, can we say that this year, we will close below

                    200 kg of volume in wholesale division? Of course, gold prices have raised. But on volume

                    figures, I just like your view that we will be closing below 200 kg because 200 kg will be the

                    lowest in past 3 years. Similar to that, 19% EBITDA margin on company level, is it majorly due

                    to wholesale division driven by gold prices or any other factor is that?

Harit Zaveri:       Raj, certainly, we had a good conversation with Deepesh bhai. But we will take your question.

                    So, coming to the point, kindly see wholesale plus job work when you see volume data. Why?

                    Because a customer, which is for me, which can be a corporate or an independent retailer, can

                    ask me to supply goods based on wholesale that is a sale bill. Or he can tell me that, I am

                    providing you gold a little extra for the day, then you can job work and bill it to me. So, if you

                    see the volume data, you can see that the customer preference can change. We are not sure that

                    in Quarter 2, we expected the wholesale to actually grow very strongly. But because of the

                    preference, in giving the gold early was there, because of the price rise, they did not want to take

                    the risk to actually have a purchase in whatever financials. So, maybe with that kind of thing,

                    looking at job work plus wholesale will be a right kind of a meaningful thing. And if you want

                    simple data, in this quarter, wholesale was, let us say, 51.5 kgs, and job work was 249.254. So,

                    around 300 kgs of B2B was there, which is in last year 163 plus 57. So, last year volume was

                    220 kgs. So, we don't know if the customer preference changes from job work again to

                    wholesale, we might have to give them a sale bill. Otherwise, they are happy to go for job work.

                    This is quite dynamic in nature. Second point about margins, margins are clearly dictated by the

                    rise in job work volume. So, right now in my sales mix, if you check Quarter 2, 65% is job work.

                    So, total 380 kg volume, simple calculation 250 divided by 380, 65.7% is job work. If job work

                    is this high in the sales mix, margins are bound to rise. In Quarter 1, if you see it is 87 divided

                    by 162, it is only 54%. So, from 54% sale mix, it is 65%-66% of sales mix. Margins are bound

                    to rise when the job work is high.

Raj Shah:           But sir, like on year-on-year basis, there is only INR 5 crores of difference. Like in Quarter 2

                    FY '25, we did INR 23 crores in job work and this quarter we did INR 28 crores in job work. So,

                    INR 5 crores difference in revenue term and you are telling me that INR 19 crores PAT we have

                    reported in quarterly number.

                    Page 12 of 20

[page 14]
J EWELLERS       LTD

                                                                                             RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                             November 12, 2025

Harit Zaveri:         So, I will tell you. So, when you look at job work basis, the revenue of job work that is the sale

                      of services is one part that is just a billing of stones and etc., things, other materials. But we also

                      earn from the salvages that the wastage part of job work. So, let us say if there is a 100 gram set,

                      where the stones are worth INR 10,000 only. So, INR 10,000 in my revenue, the revenue of

                      stones will come in the sale of services. But major revenue or major thing will be out of 100

                      grams of gold, what amount of wastage that has been given to us, we are saving that wastage.

                      So, our recovery or the manufacturing capability to recover gold is very efficient. If the

                      efficiency is good there, then we will be able to save on the wastages part. And those wastages

                      part will be added directly on the bottom line, basically on the closing inventory. So, that is why

                      job work is a very critical data to see and not just the sale of services in terms of rupees. Kindly

                      gauge quantity of job work.

Moderator:            Mr. Raj Shah, sorry to interrupt. Can you please rejoin the question queue for follow up

                      questions? Our next question comes from the line of Chandan Mishra from Finvestors. Please

                      go ahead.

Chandan Mishra:       Good evening, sir. First of all, congratulations for the great numbers. Sir, my question is related

                      to margin. I see we have variation in margins across quarters in EBITDA as well as PAT

                      margins. My question is what sustainable margin we are targeting for?

Harit Zaveri:         Sir, if you want to understand or if you want to understand the relatability of margins, the

                      simplest method would be you multiply volumes with the weighted average amount of gold. Let

                      us say if I am telling that 380 kg is my volume done, you multiply that with 1,10,000, let us say

                      an average rate or 1,10,000,00 as a rupee value. So, INR 418 crores of topline you can take and

                      then you can understand the bottom line. It will be equal throughout all the quarters. Now, to get

                      back what will be the sustainable margin level in terms of revenue mix, only the revenue part, it

                      will fluctuate basis on the job work proportion that we do on the year-on-year basis. If you check

                      the full year basis, generally it will be more or less same with any of the previous years. But if

                      you check on the quarterly basis, Quarter 2, if the seasons are early, margins are going to be

                      heavy because job work will be more. Quarter 3 will be dominated by retail, margins are going

                      to be a little lesser.

Chandan Mishra:       Sir, my next question is related to how much is inventory gain for this quarter?

Harit Zaveri:         So, inventory gain in this quarter, I have, what do you mean by inventory gain?

Chandan Mishra:       We have inventory hold in last quarter.

Harit Zaveri:         Correct, so you are telling what is the profit that we have made from the increase in price of

                      gold, right?

Chandan Mishra:       Yes, definitely sir.

                                              Page 13 of 20

[page 15]
J EWELLERS       LTD

                                                                                         RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                         November 12, 2025

Harit Zaveri:         I can tell you, not significant. Though I don't have the numbers handy right now, not significant.

                      The company's performance in this quarter is highly driven by the volume that they have

                      produced. We have really grown on this Quarter 20% by volumes, despite prices of gold rising

                      50%. So, you can understand if the price of gold has risen that much and we have still grown

                      beyond that 20% by volumes in Quarter 2, the robustness of the company's performance is right

                      now getting shown. Less it is to do with increase in price of gold, it is not a significant portion.

Moderator:            Mr. Chandan Mishra, requesting you to rejoin the question queue for follow-up questions. The

                      next question comes from the line of Rajender Passi from NP Analysts. Please go ahead.

Rajender Passi:       Firstly, congratulations on a great set of numbers. My first question would be like, we are going

                      to open two stores, one in Q4 FY '26 and the other one would be in Q1 FY '27. Is that the correct

                      timeline?

Harit Zaveri:         Yes, it is more or less the correct timeline, yes.

Rajender Passi:       So, regarding this, have we finalized the locations like in Surat as well as in Rajkot?

Harit Zaveri:         The locations are finalized, the lease deed has been done.

Rajender Passi:       And when can we expect this store to be fully operationalized within Q4? Will it be somewhere

                      in the mid or at the end of Q4? But our internal target for that?

Harit Zaveri:         It will be late Q4.

Moderator:            Mr. Rajender Passi, requesting you to rejoin the question queue for follow-up questions. Next

                      question comes from the line of Kunal Sharma from Veritas. Please go ahead.

Kunal Sharma:         Yes, hi Harit. So, Harit, on the question on retail store sites, Surat and Rajkot that we have

                      anyways identified. So, wanted to understand the strategy behind the Surat store wherein the

                      major players like Indriya and many more stores are there. So, what is your take on the marketing

                      strategy side? And how are you getting the market share in the Surat as a whole market?

Harit Zaveri:         So, first, the merchandise is correct. Second, the sensing of the demographics is correct. We are

                      into Ahmedabad. It is the seventh largest city in terms of GDP. We are into demographics of

                      Patel. Surat is in also the same demographics. The market intelligence that we gather, the kind

                      of exhibitions that we do, already the customers of Surat coming into Ahmedabad purchasing

                      from us, basically gives us the confidence to develop a store in retail. Now, if you talk about

                      whether Indriya, etc., corporates are there, they are there. Will it hamper us? They are already

                      there in Ahmedabad also. Why it has not hampered us? We are still growing in Ahmedabad

                      fairly well. We are not a retailer which has been into legacy period, like 50 years, 70 years into

                      the business. We are just new. Like it has been 10-11 years and we have performed from INR

                                           Page 14 of 20

[page 16]
J EWELLERS     LTD

                                                                                     RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                     November 12, 2025

                    24 crores to  INR   323  crores without giving   with policies,  procedures and on the best of merits.

                    So, why not   have  the  confidence to actually  scale?

Kunal Sharma:       No. That is correct. But the question on the market share side and the marketing strategy. So,

                    are we doing any marketing campaign over there?

Harit Zaveri:       Certainly, I think that plans will be 100% there and it will be shown. It will be very evident.

Kunal Sharma:       And what is the marketing as a percentage of sales as of today?

Harit Zaveri:       So, generally the marketing budget would be in the new store expansion, it will be somewhere

                    around 2%-3%. On the maturity of the store, it will be generally from 0.75%-1%.

Kunal Sharma:       And the last one on the payback side. So, what, like in these two stores, what would be the

                    payback and the breakeven can we expect from these 2 stores?

Harit Zaveri:       Payback and the breakeven, I think, I have told you about, if you can understand the forecasting

                    of revenue that we have done for the next year, we have already included the revenue of these 2

                    stores with that. And if you understand the marketing expenditure, I have told you that 2%-3%,

                    it generally speaks about the kind of revenue and the subtraction of the marketing expenses that

                    will happen. So, I think the match will be there. Plus my forecasting of numbers, it will be

                    generally in align with that. So, even in the quarter 4 the store is coming, we have generally

                    understood the marketing budget for that coming store. And that is how it has been pipelined.

                    So, we are in the Surat and Rajkot, we are majorly expecting that the maturity of the store will

                    be around INR 500 and INR 400 crores respectively. But the maturity will come in the 4th or

                    5th year. So, in the first, second year, it will be generally, let us understand even we are, but on

                    the double digit, triple digit, higher double digit or triple digit side of numbers will be there in

                    terms of revenue.

Moderator:          Thank you, Mr. Kunal, requesting you to rejoin the question queue for follow ups. The next

                    follow up question comes from the line of Raj Shah from RK Family Office. Please go ahead.

Raj Shah:           Yes, sir. You have told that my PAT number is higher because of higher job work services. Like

                    we have saved gold during job work services. So, if I see the revenue and volume terms, in

                    volume terms, I think we are also flat on H1 basis in job work and in revenue terms, there is not

                    a significant growth. So, can we say that because we have done the same volume last year, but

                    prices are different of gold and that is why margin has increased drastically?

Harit Zaveri:       No, Raj. Let us clearly understand simple, we will talk 250 kg is my job work volume this

                    quarter. Last year quarter, it was 163 kg. So, now 250 kg into sales figure, that is 250 into, let us

                    say, 1,10,000. So, job work volume is, in the job work, the amount of goods delivered is, let us

                    say, INR 275 crores. How I have got it? 250 into 110, that is 1,10,000, the gold rate per 10 grams.

                    So, last year it was, let us say, 163 kgs. So, 163 into last year average, it was 75,000, INR 75

                                        Page 15 of 20

[page 17]
J EWELLERS     LTD

                                                                                               RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                               November 12, 2025

                    lakh per kilo. So, it is INR 122 crores. So, from INR 122 crores, we have moved to INR 275

                    crores. Now, if you tell that it is because of gold price rise that you have got this, no. Retailers

                    already adjust their gold price rise and then they give demand. That does not mean that we have,

                    for example, if the gold price is 2 lakhs, then we will be able to keep the volume the same. It is

                    never like that. It is based on the designs or the manufacturing capability that we have, we are

                    able to garner higher amount of volumes or we are able to at least maintain volume flat despite

                    prices growing 50%. So, understand, if I have a retail store, my retail store is increasing, let us

                    say, at the pace of 20%-25%, still, my volume will be de-growing at 15%-20%. And in the same

                    way, my merchandise will follow. So, it is clearly, you need to check the numbers which

                    multiplied by the weighted average and you will come to know the demand of the company in

                    that case.

Raj Shah:           Very clear, sir. So, sir, can you quantify that on INR 28 crores, how much we have saved? Like

                    how much crores gotten into bottom line just by doing INR 28 crores of job work services? How

                    much more we have saved in the saved gold, which I have saved?

Harit Zaveri:       So, generally in job work, we generally assume that at least we should be able to save at least a

                    minimum of 2% or 3% or maybe a little bit on the higher side, sometimes on the lower side,

                    depends on the recovery complexity of designs, etc. Numbers are not that handy. You cannot

                    take it like extremely on that level, but general notations will be that.

Raj Shah:           So, you are saying 2%-3% of 250 kgs?

Harit Zaveri:       Yes.

Raj Shah:           Understood. And sir, my second question is, like we have seen over the years, our retail business

                    has been structurally growing. Last year, despite price rise, our volume growth was pretty solid.

                    But I think, so what is your expectation for H2? And because H1 volume growth, like H1 has

                    not seen volume growth?

Harit Zaveri:       Correct. Perfectly said. So, what we have done, we took a little bit on, we lifted the making

                    charge a little bit up. We checked the consumer response. The consumer response was good in

                    terms of revenue, but they were still hesitant for purchasing more. We were checking the price

                    sensitivity of consumers, right? So, because of that, the making charge was a little bit increased,

                    but now understanding that the demand is whatever shift the taste preferences, the price

                    sensitivity, we have redone that making charge. And again, the demand float is strongly there.

                    On the complete financial year, retail is going to be very strong. Quarter 3 will dictate retail.

                    There is nothing, I know Quarter 3 will tell most of the stories of retail. And I think we will be

                    able to touch, if last year it was INR 323 crores, we should be able to touch good double digit

                    growth, plus double digit growth in fact, in retail this year also.

                                Page 16 of 20

[page 18]
J EWELLERS       LTD

                                                                                RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                November 12, 2025

Raj Shah:             And sir, you have said that after 4 showrooms coming in, we target to a 50%-50% share of

                      volume in B2B and B2C. So, sir, I think then volume of 600-700 kg in retail will be massive for

                      our P&L, right? So, what is your view on that?

Harit Zaveri:         It will be good. But store expansions will also cost marketing. We have marketing cost also. So,

                      we need to separate that. On the overall basis, the company will be 100% in the path of

                      expansion. As we have said, we are going to become one of the, want to become one of the

                      largest player in Gujarat for retail. I think so far that whatever is necessary will be done, be it

                      brand, be it marketing, store built up and yes, there will be revenue maximization.

Raj Shah:             And sir, what kind of operating leverage does our retail business enjoy? Like in our current store,

                      how much more margin can increase as turnover increases?

Harit Zaveri:         So, it depends on the product mix. If diamonds are doing good, then the margins can increase.

                      Certainly in our case, if occasion jewellery is doing good, margins are always good because we

                      are also the manufacturer of occasion wear jewellery. So, that is where the actual play comes in.

                      We can sell at a lesser cost than market and still gear up more margin than any of our peers, just

                      because we are the original source manufacturer of those products. So, integrated manufacturing

                      capabilities helps us in gearing up the margins in retail. Also the design exclusivity has also been

                      maintained in that case. So, that is actually the USP of very strong selling proposition or design

                      exclusivity, but and also cost leadership. So, going forward, if the occasion where demand is

                      there, surely the margin will sustain in retail.

Raj Shah:             Sir, can you bifurcate like how much EBITDA margins does our retail operations make?

Harit Zaveri:         Product mix margin bifurcation, I don't have.

Raj Shah:             No, not product mix, retail division.

Harit Zaveri:         Not handy as of now, but let me see. But not handy.

Raj Shah:             If 19% is our quarterly EBITDA margin, then like if you can get how much comes from retail?

Moderator:            Mr. Raj Shah, I am extremely sorry to interrupt. Can you please rejoin the question queue for

                      follow up questions? The next follow up question comes from the line of Chandan Mishra from

                      Finvestors. Please go ahead.

Chandan Mishra:       Thank you, sir for the follow up question. Sir, my question is related to seeing the price

                      fluctuation of gold on the downside in Q3, what can we achieve from division, sir?

Harit Zaveri:         So, seeing the downside price in Q3, the gold price shooting up and correcting always as per my

                      experience has created a nice spike in retail for buying. So, this is the moment when the price

                      gets corrected after increasing. Retailers, customers come and they want to buy gold or book the

                      Page 17 of 20

[page 19]
J EWELLERS       LTD

                                                        RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                                November 12, 2025

                      gold that they booked the sets that they have selected or make a sale of the selected goods. That

                      is what I have seen. Nothing is going to get affected in terms of dropping in gold prices. The

                      book value of gold is safe. And we should enjoy the demand that is coming. When the gold

                      prices get corrected once in a while and then again rises. Continuous drop of gold prices makes

                      the customer confused and continuous increase of gold prices also makes the customer confused.

                      They hold, but because we are in occasion jewelry, delay of demand can be there, denial will

                      not be there.

Chandan Mishra:       One last question, sir. You have given guidance for INR 700 crores for revenue and INR 45

                      crores of PAT. In H1, we have already achieved almost more than half of guidance of PAT. But

                      in a revenue level, we have achieved almost 38%-40%. Do we achieve on track to achieve the

                      revenue guidance?

Harit Zaveri:         Chandan Bhai, it really depends on our retailers who wants to get their goods on the sale bill or

                      who wants to do job work services with us. So, let us say, if you are a retailer, you are giving

                      me one kg of gold for a job work service, I will make a job work and I will give it to you. But I

                      will charge my profits. And if you are wanting to take that on the sale bill side of one kg, I will

                      book the sale as, let us say, INR 1.25 crores, and I will give it to you and then you can give me

                      the payment. So, it really depends on the consumer, our retailers preferences. The little bit of

                      preferences because of sharp increase in gold prices has shifted in more of job work. That is why

                      you're not able to see the reflection of revenue. Kindly see volume data of B2B combined to

                      actually understand the company with whether how it is doing in B2B side and multiply it by

                      weighted average price of gold.

Moderator:            Thank you for your answer, sir. The next question comes from the line of Rajender Passi from

                      NP Analyst. Please go ahead.

Rajender Passi:       Yes, so as I was continuing that when we are going to open 2 stores, one in Surat and the other

                      one in Rajkot, so we will definitely need to increase our inventory size as well, right? And I

                      guess the current inventory size is almost at INR 360 Cr. So, how much do we see it to be going

                      up and how we are going to fund it like, will it be mainly through debt?

Harit Zaveri:         It will be mainly through debt, through internal accruals and through stock optimization.

Rajender Passi:       And what would be the size of inventory that we are looking at? Right now, it is 360, so where

                      it can land?

Harit Zaveri:         So, for competitive purposes, we are generally not wanting to disclose this inventory because it

                      will directly be relating to the new stores that is coming up. You will eventually see in the results

                      are out and inventory will be actually seen. But generally, when the debt equity ratio has to go

                      on 1:1 level, you can see that what amount of float will be there? Going forward, what amount

                                         Page 18 of 20

[page 20]
J EWELLERS       L  T  D

                                                                                                     RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                                     November 12, 2025

                          of  inventory  will be built up? Whatever the debt  is  to  equity  ratio  one is to one will be there, will

                          be  generally  through working capital limits.

Rajender Passi:           And the second question would be, as we already have a large chunk of our revenues coming in

                          from the B2B, are we doing something to increase our customer base on the B2B end, like

                          acquiring new customers or something?

Harit Zaveri:             Continuous practice of exhibitions will be there, launching of new designs will be there,

                          understanding market dynamics, experimenting in different caratage, like 18 carats and all will

                          help us in actually penetrating the market more. It is more of a very organized and systematic

                          approach that we do because we are dealing with majorly corporates. Also, one of the only

                          wholesalers or manufacturers who is able to demand gold in advance or prior and actually get a

                          job work done for that. So, specialization is in place. We are maintaining the design quality, the

                          product quality, the specialization. And yes, the penetration is certainly seen. You can see it from

                          the results itself that volumes dictates the robustness of it and 50% price correction, still we have

                          served by and by an equal volume. Also, it is because of the early season. I agree with that. But

                          still, the company has done good when it comes to the first half of the year. And I think we will

                          be meeting the expectations also, like the projections that we have set forward.

Rajender Passi:           Yes, that is fine. Basically, the company is doing well and mainly understanding from the future

                          perspective that we are also looking at expanding our customer base from the B2B side?

Harit Zaveri:             Yes. Customer base on the B2B side, we will be for surely exploring. We are preferred

                          manufacturers, preferred suppliers for many of the corporate clients, and we will continue to do

                          that.

Rajender Passi:           And as you know, the Q3 is almost half of it is gone, right? And as you have already said that

                          we are seeing strong numbers for strong foothold (unaudible)So, are we confident of beating the

                          last year number from that part?

Harit Zaveri:             Market is dynamic and that is far for me to tell. But certainly I can tell that the retail division of

                          Q3 is doing strong. And whatever the guidance that we have given, quarter-on-quarter we are

                          getting near and we are seeing that we are achieved. Now, it has been almost 6-7 quarters that

                          the company is listed. And my PAT guidance and revenue guidance, generally company is

                          meeting. So, even this year, we are hopeful to meet them. But the environment is quite dynamic

                          in nature. The prices are fluctuating, geopolitical tensions and everything is there. So, there is

                          also a little bit of caution which is there. But certainly with respect to business, we are quite

                          positive and the expansion is also going on. The spirit is there.

Rajender Passi:           And the last question would be from the customer demand side. Like, as the prices have risen so

                          much, the main trend that I have seen in the industry is that the customers are looking for the

                          lower carat jewellery, like mainly into 18 or maybe even lower than that. So, how do you see

                                         Page 19 of 20

[page 21]
J EWELLERS       LTD

                                                                                                       RBZ Jewellers Limited

                                                                                                       November 12, 2025

                      the demand  from  the  customer  side?   Is  it  still  for  the  higher  carat  jewellery or the lower carat

                      side?

Harit Zaveri:         See, India is culturally rooted. Occasion jewellery segment is still dominated by 22 carat

                      jewellery rather than 18 carat jewellery. In daily wear segments, there is a caratage shift.

                      Preference of 18 carat or lower caratage is very high. And we are agile to that trend. But in

                      occasion wear, still the domination will be of 22 carat. Yes, there is an entrance. We are also

                      entering into 18 carat occasion wear and we are seeing that whatever the pulse of market will

                      be, let us understand the pulse and then to gauge the experiment and the initial exercise of going

                      into 18 carat is for sure, we will be doing it.

Rajender Passi:       That was all from my end. All the best.

Harit Zaveri:         Thank you.

Moderator:            Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to

                      the management for closing comments.

Harit Zaveri:         So, thank you, investors and the participants for asking questions. And it was a quite a lengthy

                      concall and I hope that I have answered all the questions very clearly and correctly. If you have

                      any further questions, you would like to know more about the company, please reach out to the

                      Investor Relations Managers, ValoremAdvisors. Thank you.

Moderator:            On behalf of RBZ Jewellers Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us

                      and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.

                                        Page 20 of 20

