[page 1]
SEC/56/2025-2026                                                               November 10, 2025

1.  National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.              2.  BSE Limited

    Exchange Plaza                                         Corporate Relationship Dept.

    Plot No. C/1, G Block                                  Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal  Street

    Bandra -Kurla Complex Bandra (E),                      Mumbai 400001

    Mumbai 400 051                                         Maharashtra, India

    Symbol: KALYANKJIL                                     Scrip Code: 543278

Dear Sir/Madam,

Sub: Earnings Call Transcripts

Pursuant to Regulation 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby inform the exchanges that the transcript of audio

call recording of the Company's Analyst Call to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results

(standalone and consolidated) for the quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2025 is

attached herewith.

Kindly take the same into your records.

Thanking You,

For Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

RETNAVILASAM        Digitally signed by

GOPINATHAN NAIR     RETNAVILASAM GOPINATHAN

JISHNU              NAIR JISHNU

                    Date: 2025.11.10 16:39:51 +05'30'

Jishnu RG

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

                                         Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

    Corporate Office -TC-32/204/2, Sitaram Mill Road, Punkunnam, Thrissur, Kerala - 680 002

                                         CIN - L36911KL2009PLC024641

                    T -0487 2437333 Email - cs@kalyanjewellers.net

                                         WWW.KALYANJEWELLERS.NET

[page 2]
             "Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

Q2 & H1FY26 Earnings Conference Call"

             November 07, 2025

"E&OE - This Transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of Discrepancy, the audio

recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 7th November 2025, will prevail."

MANAGEMENT:  MR. RAMESH KALYANARAMAN -EXECUTIVE

             DIRECTOR

             MR. SANJAY RAGHURAMAN - CHIEF EXECUTIVE

             OFFICER

             MR. V SWAMINATHAN - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

             MR. SANJAY MEHROTTRA - HEAD OF STRATEGY AND

             CORPORATE AFFAIRS

             MR. ABRAHAM GEORGE - HEAD OF TREASURY AND

             INVESTOR RELATIONS

MODERATOR:   MR. RAHUL AGARWAL - STRATEGIC GROWTH

             ADVISORS

                       Page 1 of 13

[page 3]
                                                           Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                                    November 07, 2025

Moderator:            Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Kalyan Jewellers India Limited Q2 and

                      H1FY26 Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and

                      there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should

                      you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then

                      zero on your touchtone phone. Please note this conference is being recorded.

                      I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Agarwal. Thank you, and over to you, sir.

Rahul Agarwal:        Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us on Kalyan Jewellers India Limited's Q2

                      &H1FY26 Earnings Conference Call. Today on the call, we have with us Mr. Ramesh

                      Kalyanaraman, Executive Director; Mr. Sanjay Raghuraman, CEO; Mr. V. Swaminathan, CFO;

                      Mr. Sanjay Mehrottra, Head of Strategy and Corporate Affairs and Mr. Abraham George, Head

                      of Investor Relations and Treasury.

                      I hope everyone had a chance to view our financial results and investor presentation, which were

                      recently posted on the company's website and stock exchanges. We will begin the call with

                      opening remarks from management, followed by an open forum for question and answers.

                      Before we begin, I'd like to point out that some of the statements made during today's call may

                      be forward-looking. A disclaimer to that effect was included in the earnings presentation. I

                      would now like to invite Mr. Ramesh Kalyanaraman, Executive Director of Kalyan Jewellers

                      India Limited, to give his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Thank you. Good evening, and We had an excellent all-round performance during the recently

                      concluded quarter. Momentum on the ground remained robust for most part of the quarter with

                      an exceptional 9 days of Navratri sale to end the quarter on a very strong note. The pickup in the

                      momentum that we witnessed during Navratri continued to the ongoing quarter as well.

                      Same-store sales growth for the 30-day period ending Diwali was in excess of 30% on a like-

                      for-like basis. As I mentioned during the previous call, we had consciously paused the repayment

                      of debt in India as we were focused on getting the approval for the lease of the real estate

                      collateral pertaining to the debt already repaid over the last 2 years. During the last quarter, we

                      received approval from the lead bank of our consortium for the lease.

                      Subsequently, we have reduced INR130 crores of debt, taking the non-GML debt levels to

                      INR550 crores as on 30th September 2025 and are on track to achieve the annual debt reduction

                      target of INR300 crores. We have also initiated steps to monetize the noncore real estate

                      assets.I'll now hand over to Sanjay. He will take you through the numbers. Thank you.

Sanjay Raghuraman:    Thank you, Ramesh. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm really happy to be talking to you after a

                      good quarter and an excellent festive season. In the just concluded quarter, our company reported

                      consolidated revenue of INR7,856 crores, a 30% growth over the corresponding quarter of the

                      previous year.

                                      Page 2 of 13

[page 4]
                                                                                    Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                             November 07, 2025

                      Consolidated EBITDA came in at INR497 crores versus INR319 crores in the corresponding

                      quarter of the previous year. And consolidated profit after tax came in at INR261 crores versus

                      INR130 crores during the corresponding quarter of the previous year, a growth of 100%. Coming

                      now to give you the breakup of the numbers, quarterly numbers between India and Middle East,

                      starting with India. For the just concluded quarter, India revenue was INR6,843 crores compared

                      to INR5,221 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year.

                      India EBITDA was INR432 crores versus INR257 crores in the corresponding quarter of the

                      previous year. And India profit after tax was INR262 crores compared to INR120 crores in the

                      corresponding quarter of the previous year, a growth of 118%. Coming now to talk about our

                      Middle East business.

                      Revenues in the Middle East for the quarter was approximately INR866 crores versus INR800

                      crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. EBITDA in the Middle East was INR61

                      crores versus INR59 crores for the same period of the previous year. The Middle East business

                      posted a profit of INR15 crores for the quarter compared to INR14 crores in the corresponding

                      quarter of the previous year.

                      Talking about Candere, the business posted a revenue of INR93 crores in the quarter versus

                      INR41 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. We recorded a loss of INR9

                      crores in the quarter versus a INR4 crores loss in the corresponding quarter of the previous year.

                      Talking about the first half of the year, consolidated revenue came in at INR15,125 crores, a

                      31% growth compared to the corresponding first half of the previous year. And consolidated

                      profit after tax at INR525 crores, a growth of 70% compared to the first half of the previous

                      year. During the quarter, we opened 32 stores, 15 in Kalyan India, two Kalyan stores in the

                      Middle East and 15 Candere stores. I'm now done with the summary of the financials and we

                      open the floor for questions. Thank you.

Moderator:            Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is

                      from the line of Nillai Shah from Balyasny. Please go ahead.

Nillai Shah:          Congrats on the results. A couple of questions from me. First is many of your peers have called

                      out fairly precise numbers for the festive season sales. So could you throw some light on how

                      Kalyan has performed?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So I told you we look at Diwali minus 30 days, and the same-store sales growth has been

                      30% plus. Because total revenue will misguide you because we have added a number of

                      showrooms, et cetera. So it will not be a right, what you call, way to look at it is what we thought.

                      So Diwali minus 30 days every year, we tell you and SSGs are very strong, 30% plus.

Nillai Shah:          Okay. And the other bit is that after Diwali, you tend to see a pretty significant drop off on this

                      trend versus the normal sort of momentum. How is this year panning out? Is the same? Is it

                      different?

                                             Page 3 of 13

[page 5]
                                                                                       Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                                November 07, 2025

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  No, it's going strong. SSG are very similar to what we saw pre-Diwali. And post Diwali also,

                      weekends are very strong. And as we speak, things are moving almost in the same line.

Nillai Shah:          Got it. And in terms of your full year guidance for the number of stores that you'll open up,

                      what's the number now?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  So we opened India, Kalyan, 25 till September. Before festive, again, Q3, we opened 15. So we

                      are at 40 as we speak approximately. And yes, the plan is to open 84 for this year.

Nillai Shah:          Got it, sir. And the final bit is on margins. The first half, the margins have been very healthy at

                      the PBT level. Any sort of thoughts on how this trend will evolve into the full year?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  So usually, if you have noticed Q3, the margins, PBT margins or the gross margins are always

                      on the higher side in Q3 when compared to Q2, specifically because of the own store, what

                      revenue share between South and non-South and the product share also. So that is how we should

                      look at it. And the pilot is still on, and we get a margin growth in the gross margins. So that is

                      how we should look at it. You know that the repayment of debt is also there. So interest saving

                      can also be there. So with all this, PBT margins should be more in H2 than in H1.

Nillai Shah:          Got. On the pilot bid, just to be clear, what is the plan going forward?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  We are maintaining the same levels because now the debt reduction also has started. So we will

                      maintain the same levels. And if you look at the next financial year, we have the remaining

                      INR400 crores of debt to be reduced. And now the collateral release is also there. So that

                      liquidation can also happen. So the debt repayment for the next financial year can be earlier than

                      what we thought. And once that is done, then we might go into increasing the pilot phase.

Moderator:            The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial.

Gaurav Jogani:        Congrats on the strong set of numbers. Sir, my first question is with regards to the gross margin

                      only. if you can quantify how much is the advantage in this quarter because of this pilot? And

                      is there any other advantage in terms of the last time we had some non-hedge gain -- gains also

                      on silver and the other metals. So if you can quantify that number?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  You're talking about Q2, right?

Gaurav Jogani:        Q2, yes.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So around the same range, so maybe 0.2%, 0.3% because of the pilot and the rest can be

                      very minimal for other metals like platinum, silver, et cetera.

Gaurav Jogani:        Sure. And this kind of a gain, at least can we expect for the next couple of quarters more to

                      sustain given that now, although you are not incrementally doing this pilot, but at least it will

                      sustain at the current levels?

                                              Page 4 of 13

[page 6]
                                                                     Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                       November 07, 2025

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  It should be in the same level. And as I told you before, pilot will continue at the current level

                      for the financial year. So it should maintain at the same 0.2, 0.3% increase in gross margin. And

                      usually, Q3 gross margins are better than Q2.

Gaurav Jogani:        Sure. And just lastly, on Candere, we are seeing now losses in Candere it is coming out at a

                      gradual pace. When can we expect profitability in that segment?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  So Candere, if you look at even now, store EBITDA, we are already positive and positive means

                      it is meaning strong double-digit EBITDA positive at the store level. And even if you look at

                      the corporate EBITDA, we are almost neutral now. Way forward, this financial year, we will

                      end Candere with PAT neutral PAT positive and the revenue target for the year will be around

                      INR500 crores.

Gaurav Jogani:        Sure. Sir, just one clarification. When you say PAT neutral it will be on the exit basis, not for

                      the full year, right?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Full year.

Moderator:            The next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh from HSBC.

Nihal Mahesh:         I had 3 questions. First was a clarification on the debt payment. So in your annual report,

                      specifically for the non-GML part, I think you're looking at taking it from INR880 crores to

                      INR400 crores. So just wanted to check this INR130 crores reduction is specifically for that?

                      And does that target stay?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So if you look at the non-GML, March non-GML was optically higher because of issues

                      with GML. So what I told of INR130 crores debt reduction was negating all that because if you

                      look at only non-GML, we have reduced INR350 crores for H1.

Nihal Mahesh:         Fair enough. So that target of INR400 crores or INR4 billion of non-GML loan at the end of FY

                      '26, that stays?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So it will be at the range of INR400 crores non-GML by March 31. And next year, it will

                      be debt free.

Nihal Mahesh:         Understood. That's absolutely clear. Sir, the second thing was that in the earlier call, you had

                      mentioned about two parts to the pilot. One was obviously the local jewellery brand, if you could

                      give an update on that. And the second part is the pilot related to changing the sourcing

                      specifically for brand Kalyan. If I understand that is something you're pausing, but the pilot for

                      the hyperlocal jewellery brand continues as per expectations for a launch in Q3?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  So it is on track. And from day 1, procurement pattern will be like the pilot for the regional

                      brand? For Kalyan Jewellers, we will not increase the pilot. It will go in the same range for the

                      financial year. And now about the launch of the regional brand, it should be in Q4.

                                             Page 5 of 13

[page 7]
                                                                                   Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                                      November 07, 2025

Nihal Mahesh:         Q4. Any further details you   want  to share other   than the thought of 5 stores and investment of

                      INR3 billion, INR3.5 billion  more  than that, that  you want to clarify in case there is more details

                      to that?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  It remains the same. So we will do 5 showrooms in the next 12 months. And the investment will

                      be around INR300 crores to INR350 crores. And we have also got franchisee inquiry for that,

                      but maybe the first couple of stores will be our own store.

Nihal Mahesh:         Understood. Sir, the last question is generally with the kind of gold price movement that we've

                      seen historically, it has seem to obviously see a lot of increase in the inquiries of franchisees that

                      have happened historically. Have you seen that? And does that then give you a confidence not

                      this year because there would be a pipeline that in FY '27, the store addition or the franchise

                      addition could be much better in India than what maybe at this point we are thinking?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  No. Even now, you know that franchisee capital availability is much more than the 84, 85

                      showrooms, which we want to open this financial year. And we are putting franchisees on hold

                      even for the next year, right? So expansion scale cannot increase more than this. It is especially

                      because we have to check the bandwidth very often. And again, interest level has increased,

                      but interest level was already overboard for us. So some of them, have -- expressed interest for

                      the regional brand, which we will surely evaluate.

Moderator:            The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global.

Devanshu Bansal:      Congratulations on very good numbers in H1. Sir, you mentioned that 30% SSG for festive. I

                      wanted to check if you could also split this growth into number of buyers. Has that also sort of

                      picked up in relation to whatever trends we have seen in H1 and within buyers, if you can

                      comment on, say, coins, plain gold jewellery and studded, that will also be useful.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. studded ratios are going strong. And new buyer share is in mid-30s, and it is also

                      maintaining the same level. And what else did you ask?

Devanshu Bansal:      I was checking on the buyer growth, sir. So this 30%, how much is the buyer growth in this

                      overall, overall bill cuts, maybe what is the bill cut growth in this 30% SSG?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So ticket levels have been the same, maintaining almost the same ticket level. And the

                      SSGs have been 30%. So that's why I told you the new buyer share is almost 30% plus.

Devanshu Bansal:      ticket level, you're saying versus last year, it is same if we compare this. So how can this be

                      50%, 60% increase in gold price.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So ticket customer does not increase their budget only because the gold prices are going up

                      because they have their own budgets. But of course, our customers are okay to increase maybe

                      15%, 20% of their budget. But nowadays, why the ticket size is maintaining at the same level is

                      because the number of times customers shop jewellery has predominantly increased now over

                      the last if you look at 5 to 7 quarters, there has been customers who are coming more frequently

                                Page 6 of 13

[page 8]
                                                                                       Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                       November 07, 2025

                      than before.  And  new  buyers   are  coming  to  again  shop  with a lesser ticket size than our own

                      customers.

Devanshu Bansal:      Sure. And second thing that I wanted to understand is on the inventory side. So I guess this is

                      mostly related to inventory that is there at our stores. So last year, September, it was around

                      INR7,000 crores on standalone. Now it is about INR8,650 crores, so which is like 25% up. And

                      from a growth perspective also, we have seen a similar number.

                      So I wanted to check, I think we have done a very good job that despite this 50%, 60% increase

                      in gold price plus this 25% growth, the inventory has only grown by about 25%, right? So what

                      exactly are we sort of doing? Are we light weighting? Are we introducing lower carat products?

                      So any comments there?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So like I have mentioned before, when the inventory price goes up, we do decrease the

                      volume at the store level also. But of course, it cannot be identically reduced wherein if gold

                      prices go up by 50%, we cannot reduce volume by 50%. But we take initiatives to reduce volume

                      at the store. It can be by way of reducing the caratage . It can be by reducing the, the volume of

                      jewellery in plain gold, et cetera. It's what threefold, fourfold exercise, which we do.

Devanshu Bansal:      Okay. And has there been a significant conversion also maybe from COCO to franchisee? Is that

                      also a major reason here? Have we sort of over the last 12 months, so have we also sort of

                      converted some of our COCO stores to FOCO stores so that this inventory may not have

                      increased to that extent?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. There has been a few conversions in South India, but that is not the major driver. The major

                      driver is because we cut the volume at the store appropriately.

Moderator:            The next question is from the line of Aliasgar from Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund.

Aliasgar:             Congratulations, sir, on excellent numbers. Sir, question is gold prices have risen quite sharply.

                      So have you observed making charges see any pressure because of that? Otherwise, probably,

                      if I think of it this way, maybe the industry profit pool would have doubled. So just if you can

                      share some thoughts on how are the making charges trending with such a sharp rise in gold

                      prices? And also a related question is there's some reduction in gross margin, which I understand

                      probably could have been because of the higher mix of franchisee? Or do you think that has seen

                      some impact because of also making charges?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes, it is only because of the franchisee share, which has moved up when compared to Q1, if

                      you are talking about Q1 to Q2.

Aliasgar:             Correct. And what about the making charges? Are you seeing any pressure on making charge

                      because the gold price is going up or given that gold price doubling, if you assume the similar

                      making charge, then basically the profit pool of the industry would have almost doubled?

                                                 Page 7 of 13

[page 9]
                                                                                    Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                           November 07, 2025

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So when the price goes up, some benefit we pass on to the customers also, which is an

                      industry norm, some tactical campaigns, et cetera. But otherwise, we don't see any competitive

                      intensity increasing because of this.

Aliasgar:             Okay. percentage making charges is more or less the same?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes, it's more -- but of course, we do some tactical making charge benefit or something, but the

                      making charge remains the same as we speak.

Aliasgar:             Got it. So that basically means that if the gold price have doubled probably in the last 1 year or

                      so, then to that extent, the profit pool of the industry would have also doubled, right? Because if

                      you are assuming the same making charges on the gold prices.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So even industry does the same. So it is like one player cannot decide what the industry

                      should do, right? So industry players usually go like-for-like, wherein almost they do the similar

                      tactics only for customers to come in.

Aliasgar:             Understood. Got it. And just if you can talk about the store addition, you gave the number for, I

                      think, 80 stores, which is, I think, for Kalyan, right? Overall, if you can tell me across all different

                      formats, what is the store addition we are building for this year?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  yes, 80 was for Kalyan. And to be precise, 84 Kalyan India, and we want to do 6 international,

                      out of which 3 done. We opened 2 in Middle East and 1 in U.K. and 80 Candere is the plan for

                      the year.

Aliasgar:             Okay. And out of those 80 Candere, how many are already rolled out?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Candere is going a bit behind run, right? So Candere, we have opened only 30 as we speak.

Aliasgar:             Okay. And we will meet the guidance or we will have a slower growth in Candere?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Still optimistic on the number because Candere, it is much easier to open a store than a Kalyan

                      Jewellers, which you know, because inventory is the same and showroom size is smaller. So we

                      are still optimistic to meet the number 80.

Aliasgar:             Right. So the slower pace is not because of any issue in terms of the performance or any changes

                      in the store economics, right? I mean it's just a matter of discounting for new properties?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. in that vertical also, there has been upgradation by certain players. So we had to change

                      certain locations to a bigger location, a better interior, et cetera. So that is why execution got

                      delayed. But otherwise, everything is going on track, which you see on the numbers in Q2.

Aliasgar:             Got it. And on the regional format that we are launching, what is the target on that for the full

                      year? And how many have we opened so far?

                                 Page 8 of 13

[page 10]
                                                                                      Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                              November 07, 2025

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  No, we haven't opened anything so far. So we will open the first couple of showrooms maybe in

                      Q4 this year.

Moderator:            The next question is from the line of Utkarsh Nopany from BOB Capital.

Utkarsh Nopany:       Sir, my first question is regarding your Kalyan, Indian operation. So if we see stores revenue

                      growth based on the data which you provided in the presentation, the Indian operation and the

                      franchisee revenue share, then what we see that our COCO stores revenue growth has been

                      consistently trending down for the past 5 consecutive quarter.

                      So earlier, we were doing around, say, 17%, 18% kind of a revenue growth, which fell down to

                      around 7%, 8% growth in FY '25 and it fell down to 3% in Q1 of FY '26. And now if we see in

                      this quarter, it appears that our revenue growth of COCO stores has degrown by 1% despite the

                      steep rise in the gold prices. So sir, can you please explain the rationale for the same? And I

                      wanted to understand from the context that are we losing market share in our COCO stores.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  No. As I mentioned earlier, there has been conversions of owned store to FOCO and that is why

                      you see that the revenue has degrown. But on a stand-alone basis, the SSGs are strong even in

                      our COCO showrooms. Predominantly, you see South, mostly all the COCO showrooms in

                      South. Our SSGs are about 15%, 16% consistently over the past 6, 7 quarters.

Utkarsh Nopany:       Sir, can you please explain once again? I'm not able to understand. You are saying that we are

                      seeing an SSG growth of 15%, 16% in our COCO stores. So how come the revenue growth is

                      turning down to be negative in this quarter?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So there are conversions which has happened. As I told you before, there has been

                      conversions of certain COCO to FOCO. That is why your revenue on a number basis is coming

                      down.

Utkarsh Nopany:       Okay. And sir...

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Our earlier stated plan, we want to convert our South COCO to FOCO. That is where you see

                      that the revenue is coming down. SSGs are strong, and we have strong revenue growth in COCO

                      showrooms as well.

Utkarsh Nopany:       It's not like your COCO stores have remained constant.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  So what will happen as bigger showrooms would have been converted. And smaller showrooms,

                      we would have opened COCO.

Utkarsh Nopany:       Sir, what I was asking is that your Middle East operation has also posted a pretty subdued

                      performance in September quarter on both revenue growth and margin. So what is the reason

                      for it?

                                          Page 9 of 13

[page 11]
                                                                       Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                       November 07, 2025

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  So Middle East is mostly SSG. So again, it's 7%. It was, of course, performing better in Q1 than

                      Q4, but 7% SSG on a higher base and overall growth is around 8%, but this quarter is performing

                      really well. It's on track again.The festive, , the vacation time if it changes, the revenue can

                      switch quarters. That is why SSGs are 7% in Q2.

Utkarsh Nopany:       Okay. And sir, lastly, like going through your annual report and there, what we see that your

                      employee attrition rate has gone up sharply, which earlier it used to be around 20%, 23% in FY

                      '23. Now it has gone up to around 52% and the female attrition rate is around 85%, 86% in FY

                      '24. So can you please explain the reason why the attrition rate is going up so sharply despite

                      rising employee base and what steps we are taking to bring it down to the controllable level?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  It is predominantly My Kalyan, which we have. My Kalyan, you know that we have a marketing

                      franchise. wherein it is more of door-to-door marketing job. in Kalyan Jewellers, if you see, they

                      don't leave the group at all, right from managers to all senior levels, junior level. But My Kalyan

                      people keep on moving. That is the industry norm of a marketing fieldwork what you call field-

                      work division. For My Kalyan it Should continue at the same levels only. We cannot do anything

                      on that.

Utkarsh Nopany:       So like is it correct, sir, like My Kalyan, the employee base is roughly around 20%, 22% of your

                      total employee base, and that is only contributing to such sharp high attrition rate. Is that correct,

                      sir?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. That is the major reason for that.

Utkarsh Nopany:       Okay. And sir, lastly, sir, like on the balance sheet side, can you just give us some sense like

                      what should be the targeted peak net debt-to-EBITDA ratio for the next 2 to 3 year period?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  I cannot guide you over that. But what you should understand is the gross margins for -- meaning

                      the -- first of all, we'll have to look at the PBT because EBITDA margins are keep on degrowing,

                      will be degrowing at least for the next year because our expansion will be predominantly FOCO

                      where FOCO comes with a lesser gross margin, lesser EBITDA margin, And post the next

                      financial year, we will start opening our COCO also wherein you will see margins increasing

                      again. But since the debt levels will keep coming down and EBITDA will be growing. The ratio

                      should improve meaningfully.

Moderator:            The next question is from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Citi.

Ashish Kanodia:       My first question was on the demand side. So if you look at the last, say, 15, 20 days or so, gold

                      prices have started to correct a bit. So last year, when there was a custom duty cut, we saw a

                      preponement of demand and a spike in overall growth. I understand the correction is more

                      gradual, but have you seen any change in consumer behavior in terms of just any preponement

                      of demand, et cetera?

                                             Page 10 of 13

[page 12]
                                                                               Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                                 November 07, 2025

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  that's why post Diwali also, the demand is trending the same levels of pre-Diwali. Maybe since

                      the price has cooled off a bit, we don't know. But as we speak, the momentum is strong at the

                      stores.

Ashish Kanodia:       Sure, Ramesh. The second question was on the EBITDA margin side. Now given that there was

                      an early festive this year, so any expenses which was preponed because last quarter, when I look

                      at the EBITDA growth, it was more than your revenue growth. And this quarter, if I adjust for

                      the base quarter where you had a custom duty impact, the revenue growth and EBITDA growth,

                      both are broadly similar.

                      So just wanted to check like while there will be some contraction in EBITDA margin because

                      of franchisee, but then you are also getting some benefit from operating leverage and the pilot

                      you're running. So was there any expenses which got preponed this time, like higher marketing,

                      et cetera?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Some ad expenses have got booked because the Diwali was early. Otherwise, everything remains

                      the same.

Ashish Kanodia:       Sure. And lastly, just on the collateral, I think you talked about release of collateral. Can you

                      quantify & what is the value of collateral, which has been released? And broadly by when can

                      we expect this non-core asset sale to be concluded?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  So INR150 crores to INR200 crores of market value assets can be monetized. And we have

                      already taken initiatives to liquidate. the next financial year, if you are being very conservatively,

                      maybe the H2 of the next financial year, not very conservative, H1 of the next financial year.

Ashish Kanodia:       This Will be the sale of the non-core assets, right?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes.

Ashish Kanodia:       Okay. And just last bit is the balance, which is still kind of with the bank, the value would be

                      roughly around INR300 crores. Is that the right number?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes, INR250 crores to INR300 crores.

Moderator:            The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha.

Bhavya Gandhi:        Sir, my first question is regarding the store openings because for the full year, we've guided for

                      89 to 90 stores. And in the first half, we've opened closer to 22 Kalyan stores. So do you think

                      that we'll be able to open the entire 90 stores by the end of this year?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  No, India was 84, which had planned and out of which, as we speak, 40 have been done. 25 in

                      H1 and 15 pre-Diwali. And rest 44 should be done within 5 months to go.

Bhavya Gandhi:        Okay. Got it. And if you can just explain on a Q-o-Q basis, if you look at the PBT margins, over

                      there also, we've seen some fall. So what is the reason? I understand gross margin obviously will

                                                 Page 11 of 13

[page 13]
                                                                                    Kalyan        Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                                    November 07, 2025

                      dilute because  of  the  FOCO  mix.  But  on  the  PBT  margins, what is    the reason despite finance

                      cost falling?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  No, PBT margins have improved, wherein it was 4.5%vs 5.1%.

Bhavya Gandhi:        If I look on a Q-o-Q basis, it's showing me almost 40 basis points lower.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Quarter-on-quarter, if you are looking at, it will what you call your revenue mix. It will depend

                      upon your ad expenses, et cetera. It is very seasonal. So we cannot look at quarter-on-quarter.

                      You can look at year-on-year

Bhavya Gandhi:        Got it. And if you can just throw some light on the last 3 years, whatever FOCO stores we've

                      opened, how utilized are they? Are we still where few stores are underutilized in terms of sales?

                      Are they still trying to get some traction? Just wanted to understand how much revenue potential

                      is still possible from the new stores that you opened in the last 3 years?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Of course, all the stores perform the same way we want. So there have been what, 5% to 10%

                      of the stores which are underperforming. Again, 5% to 10% of the stores which can -- or more

                      than that, which can overperform and rest will be in the level which we want. And that happens

                      in our COCO showrooms also.

Bhavya Gandhi:        Okay. And just, say, for example, if the gold price becomes stagnated, obviously, our SSG will

                      start showing normal growth or maybe negligible degrowth also. So if you can just help us

                      explain what happens in a stagnated gold price scenario to SSGs? Will we still be able to push

                      better product mix or what is the case when it comes to lower gold price scenario?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  You should actually never relate the gold prices with SSGs because if you put last 6 to 8 quarters,

                      constantly, the SSGs have been strong double digit. But all quarters, gold price increase or

                      decrease has not been double digit. So customers come with a particular budget, and it depends

                      upon the occasion they buy. And volume will be low when the prices are high. When the prices

                      are low, the volume will be high. So that is the way we should look at it. And gold price has no

                      major impact on growth per se.

Moderator:            The next question is from the line of Subhanu from 3Head Capital. Please go ahead.

Subhanu:              My first question can you tell me a bit more about your major pilot project?

Moderator:            Can you please come closer to the mic and ask your question.

Subhanu:              Hello sir. Can you tell me a bit more about your two main pilot projects. Why you want to open

                      regional brand? Because as I see franchise owner want to open a Kalyan showroom than your

                      new any regional brand because Kalyan showroom is more popular than any of your new

                      regional brand. And why you want to do backward integration because backward integration

                      will help in overall margin?

                                               Page 12 of 13

[page 14]
                                                                                    Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                                November 07, 2025

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  No. So like what you said, Kalyan Jewellers is a pan-India brand. We are there in almost all the

                      states in the country.And we are a hyperlocal brand where 30% to 35% of our inventory will be

                      local inventory, which will actually be an enabler for a customer to come in. But we focus on

                      customers who are a bit aspirational rather than 100% local.

                      So now what we are trying to do is to open a new brand, which can be 100% local, 100%

                      authentic to that region so that we can address to customers who are non-aspirational and are

                      extremely happy with the regional/local/unorganized players. That is the new brand, which we

                      are going to launch. We will plan it to launch in Q4. We have not opened any of that kind of

                      format store as we speak.

Subhanu:              But why would franchisees would want to open any of your new local brands than any Kalyan

                      brand?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  The franchisee believes in Kalyan as a jeweller who can manage a store well. And because they

                      are already with Kalyan, they have a journey with them, so they have a trust with the brand. So

                      when the brand announced that it is going to launch a new brand, there are franchisee partners

                      who wish to actually join this journey.

Subhanu:              Okay. And my second question about your backward integration and how will this help your

                      overall budget.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  So you are talking about the new brand, how will it increase? Actually, that has no connection

                      with margin increase. Margin increase, what I told is because of the second pilot which we are

                      doing, wherein backward integration, where we are trying to negotiate with vendors, and get a

                      leaner credit period to increase our gross margin. That was the pilot which I mentioned earlier.

                      The pilot which you asked on the regional brand is what I explained now.

Subhanu:              Regional brand margin will be same

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Regional brand comes with a lesser margin.

Subhanu:              ROCE will be high. ROCE.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  The regional brand, Stock turn will be high. ROCE in the range of, what, 16% to 18% is what

                      we target to achieve with the brand in the initial year.

Subhanu:              Okay. Thank you.

Moderator:            Thank you. Due to time constraint, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to

                      Mr. Ramesh Kalyanaraman for the closing comments. Over to you, sir.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Thank you very much and look forward for the next quarter. Thank you.

Moderator:            On behalf of Kalyan Jewellers India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for

                      joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.

                                        Page 13 of 13

