[page 1]
SEC/28/2026-2027                                                                   August 08, 2026

1.  National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.         2.  BSE Limited

    Exchange Plaza                                    Corporate Relationship Dept.

    Plot No. C/1, G Block                             Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal       Street

    Bandra -Kurla Complex Bandra (E),                 Mumbai 400001

    Mumbai 400 051                                    Maharashtra, India

    Symbol: KALYANKJIL                                Scrip Code: 543278

Dear Sir/Madam,

Sub: Earnings Call Transcripts

Pursuant to Regulation 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby inform the exchanges that the transcript of audio

call recording of the Company's Analyst Call to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results

(standalone and consolidated) for the quarter ended on 30th June, 2026 is attached herewith.

Kindly take the same into your records.

Thanking You,

For Kalyan Jewellers India               Limited

RETNAVILASAM  Digitally signed by

              RETNAVILASAM

GOPINATHAN    GOPINATHAN NAIR JISHNU

NAIR JISHNU   Date: 2026.08.08 09:37:07

              +05'30'

Jishnu RG

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

                                         Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

    Corporate Office -TC-32/204/2, Sitaram Mill Road, Punkunnam, Thrissur, Kerala - 680 002

                                         CIN - L36911KL2009PLC024641

                                   T -0487 2437333 Email - cs@kalyanjewellers.net

                                         WWW.KALYANJEWELLERS.NET

[page 2]
             "Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call"

             August 04, 2026

"E&OE - This Transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of Discrepancy, the audio

recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 4th August, 2026, will prevail."

MANAGEMENT:  MR. RAMESH KALYANARAMAN -EXECUTIVE

             DIRECTOR

             MR. SANJAY RAGHURAMAN - CHIEF EXECUTIVE

             OFFICER

             MR. V SWAMINATHAN - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

             MR. SANJAY MEHROTTRA - HEAD STRATEGY AND

             CORPORATE OFFICE

             MR. ABRAHAM GEORGE - HEAD TREASURY AND

             INVESTOR RELATIONS

MODERATOR:   MR. RAHUL AGARWAL - STRATEGIC GROWTH

             ADVISORS

                       Page 1 of 13

[page 3]
                                                        Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                                    August 04, 2026

Moderator:            Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Kalyan Jewellers India Limited Q1 FY27

                      Earnings Conference Call.

                      As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an

                      opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need

                      assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on

                      your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.

                      I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Agarwal from SGA. Thank you, and over to you,

                      sir.

Rahul Agarwal:        Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Kalyan Jewellers India

                      Limited's Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Ramesh Kalyanaraman,

                      Executive Director; Mr. Sanjay Raghuraman, CEO; Mr. V Swaminathan, CFO; Mr. Sanjay

                      Mehrottra, Head of Strategy and Corporate Affairs; and Mr. Abraham George, Head of

                      Investor Relations and Treasury.

                      I hope everyone had a chance to view our financial results and investor presentation, which

                      were recently posted on company's website and stock exchanges. We will begin the call with

                      opening remarks from management, followed by an open forum for question and answers.

                      Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements made during today's call

                      may be forward-looking. A disclaimer to that effect was included in the earnings presentation.

                      I would now like to invite Mr. Ramesh Kalyanaraman, Executive Director of Kalyan Jewellers

                      India Limited, to give his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Thank you. Good evening and let me welcome everyone to the call. Q1 performance has been

                      very satisfactory given the overall context. Demand remained robust during most part of the

                      recently concluded quarter, except for 1 month of. Adhik-Maas.

                      During which wedding-related demand slowed down in certain parts of the country. While

                      consolidated revenue growth ex-bullion and PAT growth have been 38% and 32%,

                      respectively, on a standalone basis, the revenue growth ex-bullion and PAT growth have been

                      38% and 25%, respectively.

                      Sharp rise in international oil prices and the resultant pressure on forex led us to launch our

                      "Shine with India" gold recirculation campaign. The larger objective of the initiative was to

                      increase the share of recycled gold, reducing the dependence on imported gold and thereby

                      make the business more resilient. The initiative was well received by our customers, helping us

                      to increase the share of recycled gold as a percentage of revenue to over 46% during Q1 FY

                      2027.

                      For the month of June, the share of recycled gold was in excess of 55%, and our efforts will be

                      to maintain the share in the range of 55% to 60% going forward. I'm extremely happy to let

                             Page 2 of 13

[page 4]
                                                         Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                                  August 04, 2026

                    you know that we have unveiled our first regional brand exclusively tailored for Tamil Nadu

                    markets. We have named it Akshaya Thanga Maligai and will also be known by its short name

                    ATM. Inventory at ATM shall be curated specifically for Tamil Nadu preferences with

                    designs, rates and price points aligned to regional locations and buying patterns. This will

                    position the brand to compete directly with established regional jewelry chains and

                    unorganized players rather than Kalyan's existing showroom network.

                    The first showroom will be launched on 21st August in Chennai and shall be followed by

                    another four showrooms in the next coming months. We have made considerable progress with

                    respect to the sale of non-core real estate assets. We have signed the agreement with potential

                    buyers for 2 separate parcels of land with an aggregate consideration amount to around

                    INR102 crores. We expect to conclude the sale process and receive consideration before the

                    end of the ongoing quarter.

                    Regarding the non-GML debt reduction, we are well on track to complete the repayment by

                    end of September. Post that, we will initiate steps for the release of the second tranche of real

                    estate collaterals. And now talking about the ongoing quarter. The quarter has started off very

                    well despite the volatility in gold prices. We are upbeat about the upcoming festive and

                    wedding season and are fully geared up with fresh collections and campaigns.

                    Thank you, and I will hand over it to Sanjay. He will read you through the numbers.

Sanjay Raghuraman:  Thank you, Ramesh, and hello, everybody. Good to be talking to you all again. In the numbers

                    that I'm just going to be calling out now, I will be referring to revenue numbers. Those

                    numbers are net of bullion sales. I'm just mentioning it upfront.

                    The company reported consolidated revenue of INR10,008 crores, a growth of 38% over the

                    corresponding quarter of the previous year. And consolidated EBITDA came in at INR633

                    crores versus INR508 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. Consolidated

                    profit after tax came in at INR349 crores versus INR264 crores.

                    Coming now to the breakup of the quarterly performance between India and the Middle East.

                    The India business came in at INR8,503 crores versus INR6,142 crores in the corresponding

                    quarter of the previous year. And India EBITDA came in at INR500 crores versus INR434

                    crores when compared with the corresponding quarter of the previous year. India PAT came in

                    at INR321 crores compared to INR256 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous

                    year.

                    Moving on now to talk about the Middle East business. Revenue in the Middle East for the

                    quarter came in at approximately INR1,320 crores versus INR1,026 crores compared to the

                    corresponding quarter in the previous year. And EBITDA in the Middle East came in at INR90

                    crores versus INR73 crores in Q1 of the previous year. The Middle East business posted a

                    profit of INR25 crores for the quarter compared to INR22 crores for the corresponding quarter

                    of the previous year.

                                           Page 3 of 13

[page 5]
                                                                                  Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                             August 04, 2026

                      Lastly, talking about Candere, our e-commerce business, it posted a revenue of INR141 crores

                      versus INR66 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. And the quarter

                      recorded a profit of INR2.1 crores versus a loss of INR10 crores in the corresponding quarter

                      of last year.

                      With this, I'm done with the summary of the financials, and we now open the floor for

                      questions. Thank you.

Moderator:            Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question

                      is from the line of Jasvinder Singh from BPCL.

Jasvinder Singh:      Sir, I just want to know about any bonus issued from the company?

Sanjay Raghuraman:    No. No bonus.

Jasvinder Singh       That's true. But what we expect that how we can take on Tanishq; you can say that share is

                      rising very high. That is INR4,000 and ours is sir very low. How we are competing from the

                      share of that?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  No, no. So, we don't have any plans for bonus share issue as of now.

Moderator:            The next question is from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Citi Group.

Ashish Kanodia:       Just a couple of questions from my side. First, we have seen 1Q has some impact of old gold

                      exchange, because of Adhik-Maas, when you look at July, how has been the demand trend?

Sanjay Raghuraman:    Yes. The demand on ground is strong. It continues like Q1.

Ashish Kanodia:       Sir, when you say Q1, would you exclude the Adhik-Maas or             is it very similar to the full

                      quarter number?

Sanjay Raghuraman:    I cannot give you a direct guidance like that. But on the ground, things are strong.

Ashish Kanodia:       Sure. Second thing is when I look at the margins and if I exclude the impact of the inventory

                      gain, then the profit growth looks subdued because when we look at PBT growth, excluding

                      the one-off gain of INR410 crores, at least on a standalone basis, it comes to only 14%. And

                      this, I think, would be one of the lowest we have seen where the profit growth has been lower

                      than the revenue growth.

                      And I think on the old gold exchange, you have called out that this trend should continue

                      where you want to maintain 55% to 60% of old gold exchange. So on the PBT margin side,

                      how should we look at that? And secondly, this quarter, was there anything else also which led

                      to lower margins?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  So now you should take it in this way, wherein you, first of all, negate the bullion, Then the

                      PBT margins are around what, 5.1%, which was at around 5.5%-5.6% before, So the onetime

                                                Page 4 of 13

[page 6]
                                                                   Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                              August 04, 2026

                      gain from the customs duty, basically, if you cut it into three, Onetime gain of what        INR30

                      crores- INR40 crores, that we had to give back to the consumers by way of offers,            etc for

                      people to come and exchange their old gold instead of paying cash

                      And you know that exchange itself is margin dilutive by around 0.2% -0.3%. That also has to

                      be taken care. And then you still will remember that we had some onetime gain of platinum,

                      silver, etc which was in the range of 0.2%. So all put together, this PBT margins are at 5.1%.

Ashish Kanodia:       Got it. And then just going forward, when we think of the margins, at least on a PBT level, we

                      should expect this 0.2% - 0.3% margin dilution to kind of continue because at least for the next

                      two - three quarters, the old gold exchange levels will remain high and you will not have the

                      benefit that maybe there will be some benefit of the inventory gain in 2Q as well. But for the

                      next two, three quarters, this 0.2% - 0.3% margin dilution on the old gold exchange, will that

                      continue?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  No. So here, Ashish, what we should do is like, don't look at the short term because short term,

                      yes, our focus will still be on recirculating gold. But again, what we are doing on the

                      recirculation gold is that we are not only promoting customers to exchange, but also, we are

                      promoting cash for gold.

                      The cash for gold is really catching up, and it should ideally negate the margin dilution, which

                      happens due to the exchange. And of course, anyways, we have the one-time benefit from the

                      customs duty, which we used in the previous quarter to negate the margin dilution. So to

                      answer your question, for the full year, I don't think there will be an impact. Even on a

                      conservative basis, I think we'll be able to maintain the PBT margins of the previous year.

Ashish Kanodia:       Sure sir. Got it thank you.

Moderator:            Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS Investment. Please

                      proceed.

Vivek Gautam:         Yes. Just wanted to understand, because I have started tracking the company recently, what are

                      the differentiators for our company versus competition, and how is the opportunity size and

                      expected growth rate in the time to come? And how have we been able to perform in the non-

                      South market, which has been our core area?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes, non-South, you know that we have been growing in the non-South markets over the last

                      two - three years. Our revenue share from the non-South markets are more than what, 50%-

                      60% now. And Kalyan has its own USP. We are a very hyperlocal brand. We compete the

                      local players, unorganized players and also national players because we keep 30%- 40% of

                      inventory, which is local and 50%- 60% of inventory which is national.

                      With the national inventory, we compete national players. With the local inventory we

                      compete local players. And there is no new strategy for Kalyan which has to be done where,

                      we only focus on execution because we are expanding 70- 80 showrooms a year. It's FOCO

                                                Page 5 of 13

[page 7]
                                                                                   Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                                   August 04, 2026

                      model. The return on capital, the growth is very high now because you know that we were in

                      late teens. Now we are at what, approximately 20%. Way forward ROCEs will further improve

                      because we focus on capital-light expansion.

Vivek Gautam:         Any highlight about the differentiator for our company because this is a very crowded sector

                      even though the demand is quite high - and how do we differentiate ourselves in this highly

                      competing world of jewellery sir?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  I told you there are two types of players. One is regional players, one is a national player. We

                      have positioned ourselves in between both of them, and we are the only brand, or very few

                      brands like Kalyan positioning where acceptance of the brand across the country has been very

                      strong. And that is why you see the expansion.

                      That is why you see the SSGs have been very strong over the last two - three years. And it will

                      still continue. If you look at the CAGR growth also, at the last three years, the CAGR is, more

                      than 33%. Last two years the CAGR was more than 38%. So revenue growth has been strong,

                      expansion also has been strong.

Vivek Gautam:         Sir then now what about our plans of becoming a zero debt company sir? By when can we

                      achieve it?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. In a couple of months, because I told you, September we will be debt free, non-GML.

Vivek Gautam:         Okay. And there were some issues in the past regarding corporate governance with RPT etc

                      also. Moneylife magazine highlighted it and Motilal Oswal and some other mutual funds, some

                      issues were there. If you would like to say something on that front also because that overhang

                      might be there on our company, sir, if you can clarify it will be good sir.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  How can I comment on all these kind of questions? I am very sorry.

Vivek Gautam:         Okay sir. That is all laid to rest? Nothing substantial was there in mind? Yes. Okay sir thank

                      you.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes.

Moderator:            Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhav Agarwal from SKP Securities. Please

                      proceed.

Madhav Agarwal:       Sir, you still maintain your target to open 84 Kalyan showrooms in India? Because I see in the

                      current quarter, it has been you have opened 12 FOCO stores, right? So for the full year, you

                      maintain your guidance for Kalyan, and for Candere also you had guided for 50 stores, so

                      those targets remain?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. No change in target. So last year also has   been like  this   only.    So no change in target.

                      Usually, H2 is heavier than H1 in terms of store  expansion  and    there    is no change in target of

                      number of showrooms in Kalyan and Candere.

                                             Page 6 of 13

[page 8]
                                                                                   Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                   August 04, 2026

Madhav Agarwal:       Okay. And sir, broadly    speaking, if  you can just share   like if someone today takes up the

                      franchisee of Kalyan, so  what are the  return like ROI for  the franchisee partner broadly, if just

                      you can share?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So our franchisee FOCO where franchisee invests in capex and inventory, and we run the

                      store for them. It's a margin share. And their ROCEs will be in the range of, 14%.

Madhav Agarwal:       14%?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes

Moderator:            The next question is from the line of Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss Public Alternatives.

Prolin Nandu:         A few questions from my end sir. Just on the margin bit could you help us understand why

                      these margins on the exchange side of things would be lower in part? And when it comes to

                      capital or ROCE, it would be different, Could you just help us understand why margins are

                      lower? Will the return on capital take care of it?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So exchange, we do with the Board rate at the jewelry store, And the board rate usually if

                      we buy it for cash, we have a premium which we will get for the board rate itself. So when we

                      do a cash sale, with the cash if we buy bullion, we get what 0.5% - 0.75% markup on the spot

                      rate in which we sell gold at the store, which does not happen when you do an exchange. That

                      is the margin dilution.

Prolin Nandu:         Okay. And the capital employed part will pretty much take care of the margin dilution and you

                      would be largely neutral on the ROCE side of the segment.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes, capital deployment, there is no major change because anyway next day, we would have

                      bought bullion only, instead of that day one we buy, that's it. And as I mentioned that we are

                      pushing the cash for gold also so that this margin dilution which is there on exchange, we

                      would like that to be negated by the cash for gold. So, cash for gold is a new product, which is

                      really catching up now. And we think that is actually margin accretive also because we buy at

                      a discount to the spot price.

Prolin Nandu:         And sorry, what is the cash for gold, could you...?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  If a consumer wants to sell his or her gold for cash at the Kalyan store, now it is open. It was

                      not open earlier. We used to promote only exchange. So for the June quarter, gold for cash

                      portion was in single digit. Now it is moving to double digits. Which is highly margin

                      accretive when compared to exchange. But we want that to get negated with exchange.

Prolin Nandu:         Understood. Sir, I'm just trying to understand whether most of our peers in the organized

                      market have this scheme or we are the first one to do it? And does it in any which way affect

                      our core business or dilute our brand in any which way?

                                                Page 7 of 13

[page 9]
                                                                                 Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                                  August 04, 2026

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  No, it is not like our own customer. It does not mean that if a consumer sells gold, they are

                      poor Even a person who has gold, or who used to go to unorganized segment to sell gold

                      because organized players only buy their own gold, Now that is also getting organized. And

                      now almost all the organized players are also catching it up and other players are also started,

                      and that is growing as a segment. It does not dilute the brand in any way.

Prolin Nandu:         Okay. And you're saying peers also are doing this, right?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes, now almost everyone have started.?

Prolin Nandu:         Okay. Understood. And lastly, so what you're saying is that the exchange margin dilution will

                      be taken care by cash for gold, including cash for gold and rest of the things should be as it is

                      right, of last year and hence, the PBT margin should be similar to what you did in FY '26? Did

                      I get that correct?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. For the full year, we are even on a conservative basis, we hold to the PBT margin of the

                      last financial year. That's also on a conservative basis because we are really seeing this cash for

                      gold quotient coming up. And the promotional offer for the exchange campaign has also been

                      tapered down a bit and our focus is also there for cash for Gold. And I think PBT margin

                      should catch up to the previous year on even a conservative basis.

Prolin Nandu:         Okay. That's it. Thank you so much. I'll join back in the Q&A session.

Moderator:            The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global.

Devanshu Bansal:      Yes sir. Sir, I was checking there has been a dip in gold price of about 20-odd percent over last

                      2 - 3 months. I wanted to check typically such movements lead to consumers sort of sitting on

                      the sidelines. And once the gold price sort of stabilizes, then there is a very high pickup in

                      volumes, right? So have you started to sort of see that upsurge in volumes to compensate for

                      the dip in gold price is what I was sort of trying to understand.?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  No. So it is always that customer does not come asking for a volume of gold. They come with

                      a budget. And when the gold prices are lower, volume will automatically be higher. except for

                      the coins, nobody asks a 10 gram of chain or 15 gram of chain. They ask for a INR2 lakh

                      worth chain or INR1 lakh worth bangle kind of. So automatically, when the gold prices are

                      low, the volume will be high.

Devanshu Bansal:      That is fair. Sir, but typically when it is going downwards, so because of the volatility as per

                      your earlier comments only, so that sort of restricts consumers to visit the stores, they remain

                      in wait and watch mode, right? So I was checking that are now consumers believing that gold

                      prices have stabilized and now we should sort of come and shop? So what's your sense on that

                      what I was saying?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So things on ground, I told you it is strong. And the pause of revenue, pause of

                      momentum is a usual scenario in the industry, wherein if the gold price is very volatile, even if

                                           Page 8 of 13

[page 10]
                                                                                      Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                               August 04, 2026

                      it goes very high, low, some volatility, the consumer takes a pause to see the direction where it

                      is going. But wedding demand cannot take a pause of more than what, 2- 3 weeks because

                      wedding has to happen. The discretionary demand, they can wait maybe a month or 1.5

                      months, whatever occasion they are trying to buy for. So I agree with you. Some pauses do

                      happen. But again, people start coming back when they think that the prices have stabilized to

                      the point which they want. And we do not see anything as of now because July has been good.

Devanshu Bansal:      Got it. And sir, such significant moves may also require some modification in terms of

                      grammage for articles, right? So earlier because over the last 2 years, we were sort of

                      lightweighting our products. So, have we started to sort of work on that perspective also? Or

                      do you see this gold price correction as a short-term thing which was sort of start of you were

                      saying in the coming quarters

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So, we don't want to comment on the gold price. But yes, that becomes a challenge, okay,

                      more during the period when gold price is on the rise. And the price correction has been only

                      15% - 20% and for which we do not overreact for these kind of things. And it's a task for

                      procurement team, and they always keep products on the sweet spot where consumers come

                      maximum for that so-called sweet spot. So that is the usual procedure. You would have seen

                      over the last 2 - 3 years also, price does not stay at a point, it goes up, it comes down. So we

                      play around it.

Devanshu Bansal:      Understood. And sir, one bookkeeping thing. So this customs duty increase related gain would

                      flow in Q2 and some part of Q3 as well, right? So assuming that it is a 6-month cycle, so that

                      should come in next couple of quarters also some bit?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  So mostly in Q2, it does not flow through Q3. So approximately INR40 crores was in Q1 and

                      the rest was in Q2. And yes, this running quarter may come in the rest.

Devanshu Bansal:      Okay. And lastly, if you could spend some time on this new format ATM, right? So this was in

                      the news today. So if you could just throw some light as in how you are planning to ramp this

                      up in Tamil Nadu? That would be my last question. Thank you so much. What are the key

                      differences in this format versus the current format? And how, what is the ramp-up plan for

                      this?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So it is a very regional specific brand which we have launched in Tamil Nadu. The first

                      showroom will be opening on August 21st in Chennai, and we will be opening four more

                      showrooms in the next few months. That is the plan for the new brand. And then it is a

                      regional specific brand unlike Kalyan. Kalyan is a hyperlocal brand, but we keep only 30%

                      inventory which is completely local. Rest is national inventory. And this brand is an authentic

                      Tamil brand where we compete the regional and the local players than the national players.

Devanshu Bansal:      Got it. And these four stores will only be in Chennai or you plan to go in other cities as well?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  There will be other cities also. The first two was in Chennai.

                                       Page 9 of 13

[page 11]
                                                                                 Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                                   August 04, 2026

Devanshu Bansal:      Okay. And overall, sir, as in from an opportunity perspective, what is the number of stores that

                      you anticipate maybe 2 - 3 years down the lane for ATM?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes, the expansion of ATM will also predominantly be FOCO, asset-light. And it's a huge

                      opportunity. Tamil Nadu, if you look at the regional and local competitors, the Tamil Nadu

                      market is very huge and huge opportunity. And for the future scale-up and things, let us finish

                      these four showrooms and then we'll come back to you with the plan for ATM.

Devanshu Bansal:      Got it sir. Thank you for taking my questions.

Moderator:            Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rushabh Doshi from Nirmiti Investment

                      Advisors. Please proceed.

Rushabh Doshi:        Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So I just wanted to understand the policy whenever these

                      custom duty changes happen. So now that I'm seeing that we have passed it on to customers,

                      but in general, in the long-term, what is the policy and also what happens if this reverses? Let's

                      say if there is a cut in the duty?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  It is all depends on market dynamics. So there's no policy around these kind of things. But this

                      quarter or the last quarter because of the promotion for exchange we used that also for

                      promoting our old gold exchange.

Rushabh Doshi:        Okay. That's all from me. Thanks.

Moderator:            Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devesh Rathi from Capital Zen Partners.

                      Please proceed.

Devesh Rathi:         Hello sir, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I would like to know what is the

                      outlook for Candere for current year and for the next financial year? How is it shaping up?

                      How is the profitability of Candere? I mean how do we look at Candere being profitable for

                      current year and next year?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  So Candere has been PAT positive for the first quarter and should continue for this financial

                      year. And we told you that Candere we will be opening around 50 showrooms in the financial

                      year. And the focus for Candere more will be to add inventory in the existing stores so that we

                      get more throughput in the existing showrooms.

Devesh Rathi:         Okay. But is it going as per our plan or how are we looking at the profitability? the

                      profitability will increase from here on? Or as you said, we are looking to add more inventory,

                      which will compress our margins or how will that part be?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  No, adding more inventory will not compress margins. Candere has been PAT positive from

                      second half of the last financial year, and it continues to stay positive. And our focus is to

                      increase the throughput in the existing showrooms. That will be the first priority. And again, to

                      add 50 showrooms in Candere. That is the plan for the financial year.

                                       Page 10 of 13

[page 12]
                                                                                       Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                                      August 04, 2026

Devesh Rathi:         Okay. Thank you sir.

Moderator:            Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS Investment. Please

                      proceed.

Vivek Gautam:         Sir, just wanted to know this dip in the margin is a temporary dip and by when can we expect

                      margins to increase back, sir?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  I told you, it's a short term wherein exchange had to be promoted, because the larger objective

                      is to help recirculation of gold and to reduce import of gold. That is the larger objective. And

                      it's very short term, because we also told you that while we are promoting exchange of gold for

                      ornaments, we also are promoting cash for gold, which is margin accretive and exchange is

                      margin dilutive, it should negate.

                      And you know that we had some onetime gain, which also was given to the customer                   for

                      promoting exchange. And it's very short term. I told you that even a conservative basis,           we

                      believe that the PBT margins should stay at least in the range of last year.

                      And again, you would have also noticed that there has been employee cost increase, because

                      employees are one of our key strengths, and we always take steps to nurture and retain talent,

                      and that's also there around 0.2% -0.3% in Q1.

Vivek Gautam:         Overall story remains intact, opportunity size is quite large. And the movement from

                      unorganized to organized market in India all over remains quite strong, and we are the clear

                      beneficiary of it along with other major players in the sector.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. There's a very good shift from unorganized to organized. It still continues. We see

                      traction even as we speak. And we are well positioned to take revenue from the unorganized

                      segment and expansion is also on track. And yes, so very positive environment.

Vivek Gautam:         And the second thing which we have done quite nicely has been the our FOCO partnership

                      wherein now many of our FOCO models, many of the erstwhile moment pop stores are opting

                      to become our franchise and it's a win-win situation for both of us sir. Is my understanding

                      correct?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Actually, we don't see a lot of our franchise partners our franchise model are basically taken up

                      by partners who are in franchisee business already and/or automobile industry or something.

                      And they are only partners. They are only financial partners. They don't play any active role.

                      So we don't see any merit of existing jeweler becoming a Kalyan franchise. And actually, we

                      don't have any of them as we speak as a Kalyan franchise.

Vivek Gautam:         It's altogether new franchisee only, I mean, your jewelry business, initially for the first time

                      inside and outside...

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  They are only financers now. Wherein they don't play a role in the management, right?

                                             Page 11 of 13

[page 13]
                                                                                 Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                                        August 04, 2026

Vivek Gautam:         Okay, sir. Keep up the good work, sir. Okay. Thank you.

Moderator:            Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Citigroup. Please

                      proceed.

Ashish Kanodia:       Just on the employee cost side, I see there's almost 54% increase in the standalone employee

                      cost. So is it that there was some onetime bonus payout, etc , which happened this quarter or

                      this is more like an increase in wages and so the growth will continue over the next few

                      quarters?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  It is not a onetime. So, over and above our usual annual increment. Once in a few years we

                      give better increment to make the employees motivated and it should be there in the future

                      quarters also. But yes, operating leverage will negate all these kind of things.

Ashish Kanodia:       Sure, sir. And second, I think you called out that while old gold exchange is margin dilutive,

                      cash for gold it gives you some margin benefit. I just wanted to understand like what is the

                      benefit we are getting from cash for gold? And secondly, I think when you're paying the

                      customer cash, like if someone is bringing in old gold and if you're paying in cash, it will not

                      form part of your revenue, at least that's what my understanding is. But from a margin point of

                      view, how does it benefit?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Yes. So, when we buy gold from a customer for cash, we buy at a discount to the spot.

                      Exchange, we actually buy at the board rate itself. So once gold for cash gains momentum, that

                      should negate the dilution of margin, which happens because of exchange, which is why I

                      mentioned that margin going forward will not be impacted.

Ashish Kanodia:       Sir if you look at from a full year perspective, say, FY27 versus FY26 for PBT margins, let's

                      assume that it remains flat, like when you said it will not be impacted, if we assume flat, this

                      includes the benefit which we'll get from custom duty increase. Is that right?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  So short term, I am not talking about the customs duty because the running quarter also

                      because last Q1, we have actually given most of the portion of the customs duty to consumers

                      for exchange, So even as we speak, we are not diluting in what we are giving the consumers

                      for exchange. Of course, we have reduced the kind of the offers which we give for exchange.

                      But we still are not looking on a short term, but cash for gold has picked up now. So, there can

                      be some customs duty advantage also in the running quarter, but conservatively the customs

                      duty buffer can be shared with the consumer.

Ashish Kanodia:       Got it. And lastly, when you look at the inventory because of this increased old gold exchange

                      and also because of cash for gold, do you think that in the medium term, does it impact your

                      inventory level, inventory planning, etc?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  No, because it's also inventory for us even if we buy gold for cash, And only to the bullion

                      extent, meaning we'll have to sell bullion if the old gold is more because we have to maintain

                                 Page 12 of 13

[page 14]
                                                                 Kalyan Jewellers India Limited

                                                                                                        August 04, 2026

                      the gold loan. most of the vendors, especially in the studded category are on invoice basisfor

                      which they will have to pay cash only. So, to have cash in the system, if the exchange quotient

                      is more, we will have to do bullion. That's why you see bullion sale in Q1 also.

Ashish Kanodia:       Got it. And just lastly, is it possible to share what kind of a custom duty benefit we can expect

                      in 2Q, like this quarter was INR41 crores. Will it be broadly similar number in 2Q as well?

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  It's in the range of INR60 crores for Q2.

Ashish Kanodia:       Got it. Thank you.

Moderator:            Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the

                      conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir.

Ramesh Kalyanaraman:  Thank you very much, everyone, and see you in the next quarter. Thank you.

Moderator:            Thank you. On behalf of Kalyan Jewellers India Limited, that concludes this conference.

                      Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.

                                          Page 13 of 13

