[page 1]
Date: November 18, 2025

To,                                                  To,
BSE Limited,                                         National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                           Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, BKC,
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001                        Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051
Scrip Code: 544256                                   Symbol: PNGJL

Subject: Transcript of Conference Call

Dear Sir/ Madam,

Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of audio call
of the Conference Call held on Thursday, November 13, 2025, at 03:00 P.M.

The details are also available on the website of the Company at https://www.pngjewellers.com

Kindly take the above information on your records.

Thanking You.

Yours Sincerely,

For P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

PRAKHAR           Digitally signed by PRAKHAR
GUPTA             GUPTA
                  Date: 2025.11.18 21:47:05 +05'30'

Prakhar Gupta

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

                                                             P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                       (Formerly known as P N Gadgil Jewellers Pvt. Ltd.)

          Registered Office.: PNG House, 694, Narayan Peth, Kunte Chowk, Laxmi Road,Pune, - 411030. Maharashtra, India.
                                                      Tel. No. +91 20 24435005 I Fax: +91 20 244305011

Toll Free no.: 1800 233 5005 (1 1A.M. - 7 P.M.) I www.pngjewellers.com I info@pngadgil.com I CIN: L36912PN2013PLC149288 I
                                                                                   INDIA I USA

[page 2]
       "P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited"
Q2 and H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call

             November 13th, 2025

MANAGEMENT:  MR. SAURABH GADGIL - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING
             DIRECTOR - P N GADGIL JEWELLERS LIMITED
             MR. KIRAN FIRODIYA - WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND
             CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - P N GADGIL JEWELLERS
             LIMITED

MODERATOR:   MR. NAVEEN TRIVEDI - MOTILAL OSWAL FINANCIAL
             SERVICES

             Page 1 of 19

[page 3]
            P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                November 13th, 2025

Moderator:       Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the P N Gadgil Q2 and H1 FY26 Earnings
                 Conference Call, hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services. As a reminder, all participant
                 lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions
                 after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please
                 signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this
                 conference is being recorded.

                 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Naveen Trivedi from Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
                 Thank you and over to you, sir.

Naveen:          Yes, hi. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Motilal Oswal, I'm Naveen Trivedi, I would
                 like to welcome you all to the P N Gadgil Jewellers Q2 FY26 earnings conference call. For the
                 management, today we have represented by Mr. Saurabh Gadgil, Chairman and Managing
                 Director; Mr. Kiran Firodiya, Whole-Time Director and CFO.

                 I would now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks. Over to you,
                 Saurabh.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Thank you, Naveen. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us today for the P N
                 Gadgil Jewellers Q2 FY26 earnings call. I hope all of you had the opportunity to go through our
                 financial results, press releases and investor presentations, which are also available on the stock
                 exchange, as well as on the company website.

                 This quarter, gold prices continued their upward trajectory, rising over 50% year-over-year and
                 in high teens on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Despite this sharp increase, consumer sentiments
                 remained highly encouraging. The initial momentum was steady and gained strong traction as
                 the early festive season began, with Navratri providing the perfect finishing touch to end the
                 quarter on a high note.

                 We launched eight exclusive stores during the quarter, five company-owned COCO stores and
                 three franchisee-owned FOCO outlets, taking our total store count to 63 at the end of Q2. This
                 quarter also marked a significant milestone in our expansion journey, as in line with our
                 communication last quarter, we successfully entered new markets beyond the western region,
                 opening stores in Indore, Madhya Pradesh and Lucknow and Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh.

                 Our teams carry out extensive research in selecting these locations, and we strongly believe that
                 these new outer Maharashtra markets will play a pivotal role in the growth playbook going
                 forward.

                 For H1 of FY 2026, our consolidated revenue from operations stood at INR 3,892 crores. Gross
                 profit came in at INR 484 crores, up almost 77% year-over-year, reflecting an improved product
                 mix.

                 EBITDA was INR 266 crores, registering a growth of 101.3% year-over-year, while net profit
                 rose to INR 148.7 crores, higher by 111.6% year-over-year. Net profit margin expanded to
                 3.8%, compared to 1.9% in H1 of FY25.

                                          Page 2 of 19

[page 4]
            P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                            November 13th, 2025

                 The company delivered an exceptional performance in this quarter, driven by healthy growth
                 across all categories; retail, e-commerce and franchisee segments. Early festive demand,
                 particularly during Navratri, resulted in record-breaking sales of INR 428 crores, an exceptional
                 66% rise year-over-year.

                 Our Q3 has already started on a very high note, with the Dussehra and Diwali sales setting new
                 records and extending the overall sales for the month of October to over INR 1,800 crores. We
                 expect this strong trajectory to continue and remain confident for the year ahead.

                 Our PAN-India expansion program is progressing well, with around 13 to 15 new stores planned
                 in the second half of the year. Having already entered Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh, we
                 are now exploring additional opportunities in Bihar as a part of our broader vision to become a
                 PAN-India leading brand. We remain on track to achieve our target of 76 to 78 stores by March
                 2026.

                 With that, I'll hand over now to our CFO, Kiran Firodiya, who will take us through the financial
                 results in detail. Thank you and over to you, Kiran.

Kiran Firodiya:  Thank you, Saurabh, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll now walk you through the performance
                 highlights for Q2 financial year 2026.

                 For the quarter, consolidated revenue from operations stood at INR 2,177.6 crores, gross profit
                 rose by almost 91% year-over-year to INR 258.1 crores, with the gross margin expanding by
                 510 basis points to 11.9%. EBITDA grew by almost 117% to INR 142.9 crores, reflecting an
                 EBITDA margin improvement of 327 basis points to 6.6%.

                 Net profit also surged by 127% year-over-year to INR 79.3 crores, with the net profit margin
                 rising by 190 basis points to 3.6%. Our retail segment, which accounts for around 72.2% of total
                 sales continues to be our largest growth engine with a revenue growth of 29% year-over-year,
                 with EBITDA margin of 9.1% and PAT margin of 5.1%. We have retail, both e-commerce and
                 franchisee segments delivering strong performance. E-commerce revenue stood at INR143.5
                 crores [Technical Difficulty]

Moderator:       Sir, sorry to interrupt. Your voice is breaking.

Kiran Firodiya:  Am I audible now?

Moderator:       Sir, you are audible. Can you come again, please?

Kiran Firodiya:  [Technical Difficulty]

Moderator:       Sir, please hold on. Let me reconnect you to the line. Ladies and gentlemen, please continue to
                 hold. We are reconnecting the management line. The line for management has been
                 reconnected. Please go ahead, sir.

Kiran Firodiya:  Apologies for technical error, but now I'm hopeful that you people are able to hear us clearly.

                                          Page 3 of 19

[page 5]
            P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                                         November 13th, 2025

                 E-commerce revenue stood at INR 143.5 crores, registering 113% year-over-year growth, while
                 franchisee revenue rose to INR 340.8 crores, reflecting 105% increase year-over. On the
                 customer front, engagement continues to strengthen. Our transaction volume were up by 18%
                 with an average transaction value of almost INR1 lakh.

                 Footfall grew by 20%, supported by a conversion rate of 93%, demonstrating a sustained
                 consumer interest even with the rise in the gold prices. Festive sales played a major role in
                 driving growth, highlighted by record sales of INR 428.1 crores on Navratri, marking a 66%
                 increase over last year, underscoring strong festive momentum.

                 We also saw a significant increase in the studded jewellery mix, taking the stud ratio to 9%,
                 reflecting a clear shift in the consumer preference towards more design-led aspirational
                 products. At store level for H126, our per store revenue stood at INR 61.8 crores and net profit
                 at INR 2.4 crores per store.

                 During the quarter, we further strengthened our retail presence in Maharashtra with the launch
                 of our flagship store in Dadar, Mumbai, a key milestone that strengthened our brand visibility
                 in our -- one of the India's most prominent jewellery market. Our flagship event, Mangalsutra
                 Mahotsav and Painjan Mahotsav received record customer participation and contributed
                 meaningfully to the top line growth.

                 Looking ahead, we are optimistic about sustaining this growth momentum while the upcoming
                 wedding season expected to drive strong consumer demand. CRISIL has reaffirmed our long-
                 term rating as CRISIL A positive and our short-term rating as CRISIL A1, underscoring our
                 strong financial discipline and prudent capital management.

                 In summary, quarter two financial year 26 marked another quarter of robust and broad-based
                 performance with strong early festive momentum, healthy margins and expanding geographic
                 reach, reaffirming our position as one of the India's most trusted jewellery brand.

                 That concludes the financial highlights for the quarter. We can now open the floor for questions.
                 Thank you.

Moderator:       Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from
                 the line of Mr. Raj from Finvestors. Please go ahead.

Raj:             Congratulation on very good set of numbers, sir. My question is, sir, now how is the adoption

                 of gold jewellery as we have seen such a spike in gold prices in last 1 year. So, when do you

                 expect to come to those kind of volume growth in the business?

Saurabh Gadgil:  Raj, thank you for your question. And this has been spoken for quite some time now, the impact
                 on higher prices on consumer demand. We have seen that in spite of these high prices, demand
                 remains [inaudible]

                                          Page 4 of 19

[page 6]
      P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                 November 13th, 2025

                 Diwali, the entire festive season has been a record-breaking season. Value growth has been
                 enormous as we have seen from the numbers. But we have also seen positive volume growth at
                 the company level.

                 Consumer interest in jewellery remains strong and now with the upcoming wedding season in
                 the month of December-Jan, the road looks pretty positive. All-in-all, the rising prices have had
                 no impact on consumer demand. Both investment demand and jewellery demand have been
                 strong as we speak.

Raj:             And just want to clarification, on your side that when we compare this result with the last year

                 results, there is a revenue from the refinery. So, till when will it come in the results? And I think

                 in the ...

Saurabh Gadgil:  If you read the financial clearly, the revenue from the refinery was up to 30th September 2024.
                 So, after that, there has been no refinery -- no operation revenue accounted for. So, for this,
                 when you compare the H1 versus last H1, there has been no refinery business. But just to put
                 you out a thing, on quarter-over-quarter basis, as quarter ended September 30, 2024, the refinery
                 business was around INR 350 crores, which now is zero in this quarter.

Raj:             What could be the PAT or EBITDA effect after excluding this business?

Saurabh Gadgil:  Sorry.

Raj:             What could be the PAT or EBITDA effect after excluding this business from our right now main

                 business?

Kiran Firodiya:  So, I think PAT, what we have posted currently for the financial year 2026 quarter two is 3.6%.
                 And that is without considering the refinery sale. So, that you will see in the coming few quarters
                 as well that we will definitely try to maintain our PAT levels with the same margin.

Raj:             Okay. So, from next quarter onwards, this refinery business will not be accounted for?

Kiran Firodiya:  Correct. So, this is the last quarter wherein you are able to see the comparison of refinery sale
                 as compared to last year H1. Now onwards, there is completely apple-to-apple comparison.
                 There is no refinery sale you will see from Q3 onwards from last year as well as this year.

Raj:             Okay. So, fine clarification, sir. And so, on EBITDA margin percentage, so our larger tier, I see

                 they have substantial EBITDA margin. So, we have doing EBITDA margin of I think 6.5% or

                 slightly above.

Kiran Firodiya:  Correct.

Raj:             So, what is your take on EBITDA margin and what lesser we are doing or how better they are

                 doing, how far we are from them?

Kiran Firodiya:  Yes. So, EBITDA margin also consists of retail and non-retail. In case of retail, our EBITDA
                 margin is almost 9% plus. And at company level, our EBITDA margin, we are improving on
                 quarter-on-quarter basis. So, this improvement you will see in coming quarters in the same pace.

                                       Page 5 of 19

[page 7]
            P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                                       November 13th, 2025

                 We are hopeful that we will continue the same margin level for next balanced portion of the
                 financial year as well.

Raj:             So, thank you very much, sir. And after all, even having the spike in the gold prices, these

                 numbers are very good excluding your [inaudible] number. And I hope, the same momentum

                 will continue for the rest of the year. Thank you, sir.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Thank you.

Moderator:       Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Rounit from FinAvenue. Please go ahead.

Rounit:          Good evening, sir. Very congratulations on your great result. My question is, can you share the
                 number of active customers you have in your scheme such as Future Plan, Dajikaka Promise
                 Plan, Golden Gain, and Suvarna Laxmi Labh Plan?

Saurabh Gadgil:  So, we will share the entire detailed list with you. I don't think we have the list right now. But
                 in value terms, we can share you the total amount collected in value under these various scheme
                 we just spoken about. Because these finally all lead to purchase -- they all convert into jewellery
                 purchases at the end of the expiry. In terms of the value in these schemes.

Kiran Firodiya:  I will explain. So, as on September current financial year, we have a Golden Gain Plan of almost
                 53 kgs and Suvarna Lakshmi Labh Plan is almost for 63 kgs. So, totaling 115 kgs, which is
                 completely hedged on the MCX. So, there is no risk in terms of whatever plan we are currently
                 running in our company.

Rounit:          Okay. And what percentage of sales that would contribute to?

Kiran Firodiya:  Yes. So, definitely, you know, these things are... Since both the schemes we have launched this
                 financial year, so definitely...

Saurabh Gadgil:  So, total contribution would be around 10% from this scheme because we have schemes in
                 quantity and schemes in value. So, the total sale from this would be in tune of around INR 700
                 crores, which would be on the range of around 7% to 8% of the annualized sales.

Rounit:          Okay. And so, one more question. What would be your guideline for the coming two to three
                 years?

Saurabh Gadgil:  So, the guidelines which you have mentioned in terms of store expansion, we have already said
                 this in the last call also that we are looking at targeting around 78 to 80 stores by March 2026.
                 And then we will be adding another 30-33-35 stores in the next two years. So, by end of March
                 2028, the company aims to reach 150 stores, which will be a mix of franchisee, company-owned
                 stores, and both the PNG traditional stores and the lightweight Jewellery PNG Litestyle stores.
                 So, that is what we have been... the guidance has been, and we are on track for that. As we
                 mentioned, update, we should be reaching around 78 to 80 stores by end of March 2026.

Rounit:          Okay. Thank you so much, sir.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Thank you.

                                          Page 6 of 19

[page 8]
            P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                 November 13th, 2025

Moderator:        Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Nitin from Fairvalue. Please go ahead.

Nitin:            Yes. Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a great quarter. My only
                  question is the stores that we have opened outside of Maharashtra. So, post their festive season,
                  what kind of fraction are we seeing in the stores? Thank you.

Saurabh Gadgil:   So, we have launched three stores outside Maharashtra and Goa. One has been in Indore and
                  two have been in Uttar Pradesh, Kanpur and Lucknow. All the three stores started on a very
                  positive note with the festive season around the corner and post that they are doing a
                  performance in tune with the overall market. So, as per the target which we had set for the stores,
                  the stores are on track. And both in terms of footfall and, you know, conversion, the stores are
                  on track to, you know, be able to achieve numbers which we have projected.

Nitin:            Right. And also, in terms of breakeven, they are following the trajectory of the Maharashtra
                  stores?

Saurabh Gadgil:   So, we had said that we will be needing another three months more for state stores to outside
                  Maharashtra. So, we had said 15 to 18 months for stores in Maharashtra and 18 to 24 months
                  for stores outside Maharashtra. So, you know, we don't see any deviation there. The stores are
                  on track. The response has been positive because for us the main criteria is the footfall in these
                  new stores in the geography outside Maharashtra and the footfall have been strong. So, that's a
                  strong indication that, you know, we should be able to guide and achieve what we have been,
                  you know, saying in our past calls also.

Nitin:            Sure. That's very helpful. Thank you.

Moderator:        Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Dinesh Kulkarni from FinSight. Please go
                  ahead.

Dinesh Kulkarni:  Okay. Thank you very much, you know, and really great set of numbers. Sir, my question is,
                  okay, we, I know we are adding quite a few stores in Maharashtra and around nearby states, but
                  do you think, have we captured the whole of Maharashtra yet? Or like, what is the plan for the
                  next three, four years? Okay, like, are we fully penetrated in Maharashtra and then it's good to,
                  you know, go for states outside, you know, this region? Like, I mean, how good we are in
                  Maharashtra itself, sir if you could, you know, explain something on that?

Saurabh Gadgil:   Yes, thank you. So, see, we have always mentioned that, you know, Maharashtra is a fast-
                  growing state and newer pockets are always coming up. So, in spite of our expansion outside
                  Maharashtra, we always have an eye on Maharashtra.

                  That being said, even in our existing -- for next two years growth, we have always targeted 10%,
                  15% of the stores to be in Maharashtra. So that means around three stores to four stores could
                  be in the state of Maharashtra and the rest could be outside Maharashtra. Because like you
                  rightly said, Maharashtra is a vast state and newer pockets are always coming up.

                  So, there will be always an eye on that. But right now, we are well-covered in Maharashtra. As
                  far as PNG is concerned, as far as LiteStyle by PNG is concerned, we -- there is a lot of

                                          Page 7 of 19

[page 9]
P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                      November 13th, 2025

                  opportunity led because there are a lot of new markets where we have not launched LiteStyle.
                  So, on LiteStyle, we could see further, you know, store launches in Maharashtra.

                  For PNG, we see primarily we will be looking at the neighboring states, the Central India region,
                  as we have spoken. But the objective will always be that, you know, starting stores where we
                  feel the market is there and where the market is currently under service and there is potential
                  for us to enter that market. So, our market research and our sales teams are always on the lookout
                  for such new areas.

Dinesh Kulkarni:  Okay. Sir, like as you discussed previously, like say if the gold prices remain so high, which we
                  know, say above a lakh rupees, do you think the kind of volumes we, I know, the festive season
                  definitely boosts and helps the wedding season and festive season. But say like over a period of
                  time, if the prices remain so high, do we -- have we done some kind of a sensitivity analysis?
                  Like, okay, say, assume the prices remain so high for the next three, four years, assuming the
                  uncertainty around the global financial markets, do you think the volumes will still hold or do
                  you think there will be a decline in the volumes?

Saurabh Gadgil:   See the entire profitability of the industry is based on value because your making charges are a
                  percentage of the value of the entire gold cost. So as long as, you know, you are able to grow in
                  terms of absolute value, your income is going to keep on growing. And that is what we have
                  seen also happening in this space.

                  But just to add to your thing of, you know, gold prices going higher. In India, gold is not just,
                  you know, jewellery or fashion, it's also emotion, it's a religion, it's a part of a tradition. So,
                  people are using old gold as a currency to buy new gold. So today, almost 55%-60% of entire
                  jewellery purchases, wedding shopping is happening through old gold.

                  So that is ensuring that the volumes are also intact and the margins from the making charges are
                  on the positive side. So, I think, we don't see any pressure in terms of, you know, these prices,
                  people always look at gold as an appreciating asset, and it's not just an investment, it's an
                  emotion. So, I think from that perspective, the numbers should not see a concern even if prices
                  go up.

Dinesh Kulkarni:  Okay, sir. Thanks for those answers. Just two quick suggestions, which I have, because I'm a
                  customer as well, of the, you know, stores, I recently visited quite a few stores in here, Pune, in
                  Chinchwad area. One thing is, sir, when I'm searching P N Gadgil Jewellers, right, by default,
                  even Google still returns PNG Sons, I know, and it's a kind of a competitor today with

Saurabh Gadgil:   Working on that.

Dinesh Kulkarni:  Yes.

Saurabh Gadgil:   Google works on certain algorithms, and that's what Google also works on the longevity. So we
                  -- that's the thing which we're already working on. This also has been said by some other
                  customers. So duly noted, we're working on this.

                                    Page 8 of 19

[page 10]
            P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                                November 13th, 2025

Dinesh Kulkarni:  Yes, and one more thing, sir like -- I'm also using the app as well, P N Gadgil app, and it's really
                  not user-friendly yet because even though I'm having a user account, it's not allowing me to,
                  you know, enter my details and log me in. Seems there is some work needs to be done on that
                  front as well. It's just a suggestion, you know, from an investor cum customer, so please take...

Saurabh Gadgil:   But the app today has been used by a lot of customers for making their payments and for
                  browsing, but definitely, we'll see if there's a bug and we'll work on that.

Dinesh Kulkarni:  Yes, needs to be. Thank you very much. All the best.

Moderator:        Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Naveen from Motilal Oswal Financial
                  Services Limited. Please go ahead.

Naveen:           Yes, hi, Saurabh. Saurabh, just give us some more things about how has been the festive kind
                  of trends of October, if you can share about how has been the triple SSG was there. And also,
                  since we are kind of in the middle of November have you seen any kind of a deacceleration in
                  November?

Saurabh Gadgil:   So, I mean, October had been a bumper month and like we are also given a release to the
                  exchange that, you know, we had the highest Diwali sale ever. Also, the entire month has seen
                  record-breaking sales. We have crossed INR 1,800 crores plus in a single month.

                  Another highlight has been the strong support from the studded category, which has shown a
                  very high increase. And the reinforcement of people's faith in gold as investment and as
                  jewellery both have been reinforced again during this time. In terms of post-Diwali, there's
                  always a little slowdown in the month of November, which you have seen. But markets, as
                  prices are going up, markets have picked up.

                  And even this month, the guidance for a quarter, I think we should be able to achieve that is
                  what we feel right now. Looking at the overall market sentiment, silver has been doing
                  exceptionally well. It has seen very, very good traction. So, all the cylinders are firing and I
                  think that there shouldn't be any deviation from what we are projecting for the upcoming quarter
                  and for the upcoming H2.

Naveen:           So, fair point. And with respect to our store opening guidance, are we revising any guidance
                  and how are we placing second half with respect to store expansion in Maharashtra and New
                  State?

Saurabh Gadgil:   We stick to the same guidance. We had mentioned that we will be touching around 78 to 80
                  stores as of March end 2026. We will include a combination of PNG and Litestyle and COCO
                  and FOCO. So, we stick to the same guidance. I think both in terms of the expansion, in terms
                  of the numbers, I don't think there is any deviation from what we have been speaking. So, I
                  think, as we speak, the guidance remains the same.

Naveen:           So, our entry in MP and UP has been kind of targeted at the top cities in those states. One, we
                  should look for similar cities, more store expansion or you think that the top five cities of these

                                          Page 9 of 19

[page 11]
         P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                 November 13th, 2025

                 states will be kind of a lookout for store expansion for this year and the next year, sort of a time
                 frame?

Saurabh Gadgil:  So, both these states, the three states, primarily MP, UP and now adding Bihar to it, we are
                 looking at adding more cities. So, as we speak at MP, we are looking at Bhopal, we are looking
                 at Jabalpur, we are looking at Gwalior, Banaras, we are looking at Prayagraj and a couple of
                 more cities.

                 So, there is expansion in different cities and also looking at more markets in the existing cities.
                 So dedicatedly, we are doing market research, we are doing exhibitions in those places, getting
                 a lot of inputs, market intelligence. But the plan would be to focus on states and like we have
                 spoken before, it will be a regional focus, look at a particular region and be a player of
                 dominance in that region.

                 So, we continue to stick to the same model and the region where we have mentioned the Central
                 India Belt, starting from MP, UP, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand up to Orissa and Delhi NCR
                 is what will be in the focus for the next two, 2-2.5 years.

Naveen:          Sure, Saurabh. Sure. And when I look at the other expenses side, certainly there is a kind of a
                 big jump versus y-o-y and even sequentially there is a big jump versus for quarter one. Is it to
                 do with new stores expansion where we had kind of a - the new states, both Indore and Lucknow
                 side? And how should we look at the run rate in the coming quarters?

Kiran Firodiya:  Yes. So, hi, Naveen, Kiran, this side. So other expenses, you are right. They are because of
                 basically the advertisement cost that the media and all these things that we have already
                 anticipated in the beginning that when we are going ahead with the expansion, then this cost is
                 definitely going to be on a higher side. So, I think predominantly these are the costs.

Naveen:          So how should we, Kiran, we should look at this number either as an absolute number for the
                 second half or any percentage of sales? How should we look at this number?

Kiran Firodiya:  So, what we are thinking is that it should not cross 1.25 to 1.50 of the 1.5% of the total revenue,
                 the entire marketing spend.

Naveen:          Okay. So that's your thing only for the marketing. I'm talking about the total other expenses,
                 which this quarter is close to 5.1% of revenue. And if I look at the first half also, it's close to
                 4.95% sort of a number. So should we assume that this number will run as a percentage will
                 maintain for the year? Or you think that a lot of expenses were on front end and maybe the
                 second half, we may not see such kind of high expenses, right?

Kiran Firodiya:  No, Navin, the thing is whatever expenses we have booked for particular September up to
                 September, there may be slightly incremental expenses because this H1, we have opened almost
                 11 stores, and we have a plan to open remaining 14 stores or probably additional 16 stores by
                 H2. So, you will see slightly incremental in the marketing spend.

                                       Page 10 of 19

[page 12]
         P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                                        November 13th, 2025

Saurabh Gadgil:  But Navin, overall, like Kiran mentioned, the 1%, 1.2% of the total top line is what the
                 marketing will be kept at. So, there will not be any huge incremental hike in marketing also for
                 the entire year.

Naveen:          Sure, sure. And my next question is on the gross margin side. So, quarter one, we were close to
                 13% margin and we were guiding that maybe this is a number which is kind of sustainable for
                 coming quarters also. From that lens point of view, it is like 12% margin this quarter. Even on
                 a Y-o-Y basis, it is on a higher side. But when I look at the quarter one, it is slightly on the lower
                 side. So, how should we look at one second half number? And maybe in the medium term, how
                 to look at this gross margin trend?

Kiran Firodiya:  See, as compared to quarter one versus quarter two, Naveen, this quarter two is, there is no
                 major festival as such. So, we have opened the new stores. So, more or less, our intention is to
                 do the replenishment. We have to ensure that our stock level should be maintained at the same
                 level. Now, the real improvement you will see in quarter three.

                 In quarter one also, you will see there is only one festival, Akshaya Tritiya. So, Gudi Padwa
                 also shifted to last year. so, we are expecting that quarter three you will see, as compared to
                 quarter two, high margin improvement in the gross margin.

Naveen:          Sure, sure. So, broadly, at EBITDA level, close to 5.5% to 6% can be expected as a EBITDA
                 margin for the year?

Kiran Firodiya:  Yes, of course, at a company level, definitely.

Naveen:          Sure, sure. And anything on the other income side, like with this quarter, we have seen a big
                 jump in the other income side?

Kiran Firodiya:  Yes. So, other income, as I told you, it is basically our fixed deposit, which we have done for
                 the GML purpose. So, that FD interest that has been captured. At the same time, there are gain
                 on the derivative instrument that is also, we have to book because that discount we have captured
                 at the other expense, but the gain we have to account for in the other income. So, that is the
                 reason that has been shifted up.

Naveen:          So, part of the other income will be sustainable?

Kiran Firodiya:  Yes, yes, of course, of course.

Naveen:          And then, how much, like, we should have, kind of a thing?

Kiran Firodiya:  Naveen, the thing is, my total fixed deposit with the bank is roughly INR750 crores. So, on that,
                 I am having my fixed deposit at 7%, 7.5%. So, that you will see on a continuous basis. Only
                 thing is, we have to account for as and when on a quarter-on-quarter basis.

Naveen:          Okay. So, so broadly, I think around INR50 crores other income will be there from fixed deposit
                 side....

Kiran Firodiya:  Correct, correct, correct. For the whole year.

                                      Page 11 of 19

[page 13]
            P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                                     November 13th, 2025

Naveen:           Yes, for the whole year. Yes, for the whole year. There can be lumpy on a quarterly basis, but
                  at an annual level can be INR55 crores sort of a number.

Kiran Firodiya:   That is right.

Naveen:           Sure, that is from my line. I will be in the queue again.

Moderator:        Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Aaditya Agrawal from FinAvenue. Please
                  go ahead.

Aaditya Agrawal:  Sir, I just wanted to know our guidance towards stud ratio. Like, as of now, we are having a
                  stud ratio near to 9 or 10 percentage, whereas leading players such as Titan and Kalyan are
                  having a stud margin ratio of near around 20 to 25 percentage. So, do we have any plans to
                  increase stud ratio from here on in next two to three years? And if yes, can you please guide on
                  the same?

Saurabh Gadgil:   Yes, definitely. Stud ratio has been increased as we have spoken before also that we started with
                  five years ago with almost a zero-stud ratio, which today is around 10% on a grown volume.
                  The company aims to reach 12%-13% in the next two years. And that has always been the focus.
                  We have recently also launched Polki and Kundan Jewellery, which is another addition to the
                  stud category. Colourstone Jewellery is also doing well.

                  So, we are confident that the stud ratio will keep on growing. And if you have seen even the
                  financial, the margin increase has primarily come from the higher sales of Diamond and Studded
                  Jewellery. So, that's the area which we continue to focus on.

Aaditya Agrawal:  Yes, sir. And sir, like our inventory, can we guide on the hedging policy of our company on the
                  inventory side?

Kiran Firodiya:   Yes, so we are doing 100% effective hedging on a month-on-month basis. So, that's the same
                  thing we are keeping continued for the last almost nine months after the IPO.

Aaditya Agrawal:  And sir, so whenever gold is sold from our stores, so hedging losses, we book in that current
                  quarter only in the P&L statement?

Kiran Firodiya:   Yes, yes.

Aaditya Agrawal:  Okay. Okay, sir. Thank you so much.

Moderator:        Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Rajiv from Nuvama. Please go ahead. Mr.
                  Rajiv, are you on the line?

Rajiv:            Yes, good afternoon, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, on the hedging part, are we completely
                  hedged on silver side as well?

Kiran Firodiya:   Yes, so silver side, during the festive season only, we are keeping our position hedged.
                  Otherwise, we are using the replenishment model for silver.

                                          Page 12 of 19

[page 14]
        P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                  November 13th, 2025

Rajiv:           Okay. And I mean, you made a comment that in other income, there is a gain on FX. I think
                 there should be a loss because of the hedging part, right?

Kiran Firodiya:  No, no, no, no, no. The thing is, you know, we have launched the scheme in the month of
                 September that you can book the metal by paying 50%. And at the time of festive day, you can
                 buy the product at the lower price or the market price, whichever is lower. So, exclusively for
                 that purpose, we have taken the forward cover.

Rajiv:           Okay, got it.

Kiran Firodiya:  So, only for that purpose, we are having the gain because ultimately, whenever you are
                 launching any scheme, you have received the advance and that is fixed order. So, I have to
                 hedge it.

Rajiv:           . And if you can call us, what is the SSSG on a Y-o-Y basis? And sir, request if you can publish
                 that number also in the presentation.

Kiran Firodiya:  Yes, so year over year, if you see there, then the SSSG in terms of volume is more or less same,
                 but quarter over quarter, there is 29% growth in the SSSG. Why I am saying year over year,
                 there is no improvement in the volume, but yes, value wise, there is slightly growth. The main
                 reason for that is the number of stores. For H1, we have 39 stores. Last year and this year H1,
                 we have almost 63 stores.

                 So, 24 new stores have been added to the kitty. So, now, as we mentioned in the IPO, we
                 required minimum 15 to 18 months if the store is in Maharashtra to reach to breakeven. And
                 then slowly, slowly, the store will definitely improve adding to the bottom line. So, you will see
                 eventually coming in the coming quarter, the improvement in the SSSG for the store which we
                 open after IPO.

Rajiv:           So, the question was, the stores which you had at the end of Q2 FY '25, which is, it's a 28 COCO
                 stores. How did they do on a Y-o-Y basis and removing the addition which you had over the
                 last 12 months?

Kiran Firodiya:  So, as I told you that as we publish the data, quarter over quarter, there is a growth of 29% in
                 terms of value.

Rajiv:           Okay. Yes, got that. And also on the working capital side, the payable number, which in every
                 quarter basically swells up. How do we think about that in the subsequent months?

Kiran Firodiya:  Hello, you are not audible, Rajiv.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Can you repeat the question please?

Rajiv:           Yes. So, I'm talking on the working capital side. So, the payable number, I think it's close to,
                 it's again elevated in this quarter, right, which usually in the March and again drops. So, how
                 should we think about that? Because your working capital requirement from the payables would
                 have been higher if not for the payable gains which you had during the first half.

                                      Page 13 of 19

[page 15]
            P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                         November 13th, 2025

Kiran Firodiya:  Yes. So, your question is very valid, Rajiv. The thing is, since we are closing on 30th September
                 and we have to gear up for, since that's right on 2nd of October and plus the festival season also
                 in the month of October. So, yes, there is slightly improvement in the payables on 30th
                 September, but because after the festival, whatever the credit days we have, we have already
                 cleared entire payment cycle.

Rajiv:           Okay. Just one clarification. So, I remember at the time of the IPO, typical store required, I think
                 50 crores, 52 crores in terms of investment. Considering that the gold price has seen the rise,
                 what is the capital employed per store you are looking for now for incremental, let's say, 3000
                 square feet store?

Kiran Firodiya:  Yes. So, now last year when we have done the presentation, that time we have anticipated that
                 33 crores to 34 crores of the investment with the store size of 3500 to 4000 square feet. Now,
                 that because of the incremental in the gold prices, that minimum investment is around 45 crores
                 and the capex is roughly 2 crores. So, around in between 47 crores to 50 crores is the amount
                 that required need to be infused for opening of new store.

Rajiv:           Got it. That's all from my side. Thanks a lot.

Moderator:       Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Utkarsh from BOB Capital Markets
                 Limited. Please go ahead.

Utkarsh:         Yes. Hi. Sir, I just need a clarification on two points. First, on the store opening guidance and
                 so you have mentioned that we are looking forward to open 78 to 80 stores by March '26. So,
                 just wanted to know how many PNG traditional stores we are looking to open in the second half
                 of FY26, and how many it would be COCO and franchisee store in the second half?

Saurabh Gadgil:  See, as we opened one store on 1st October. So, as you speak, we are at 64. We plan to add
                 another 14 to 16 stores in the coming six months before March end. Out of that, we have targeted
                 that we should be looking at around six to seven PNG stores and same around seven to eight
                 LiteStyle stores. We can say 50/50. And again, out of this, 50% store will be company and 50%
                 should be franchisee.

Utkarsh:         Okay. So, if my understanding is correct, we were having 59 PNG traditional stores at the end
                 of September. We have opened one store in October. So, our total store count has gone up to
                 60. And we are looking forward to open another seven stores, say, in the remaining five months
                 of FY26?

Saurabh Gadgil:  Yes, seven to -- I mean, see, franchising will be around seven to eight stores, let's say, for PNG.

Utkarsh:         Okay. Fine, sir. And, sir, second clarification I just wanted, what is our revenue growth and
                 margin guidance for the second half of FY26, and how much revenue growth we have clocked
                 for October month?

Kiran Firodiya:  Yes. So, Utkarsh, this is a good question, because the H1, which is we haven't seen any major
                 festival, only Akshaya Tritiya, that is also super-duper. But now this quarter, which is quarter

                                          Page 14 of 19

[page 16]
            P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited  November 13th, 2025

                 three, we have completed the month of October, which is Diwali, as well as Dussehra. And this
                 entire month, October itself, we have completed the turnover of the entire quarter one.

                 So, now we are very much positive that after the remaining two months complete, we can
                 definitely reach around in between INR 3,000 crores to INR 4,000 crores for the quarter. And
                 with respect to the margin, definitely, you will see a great amount of improvement in the margin
                 as compared to quarter two.

Utkarsh:         Okay. And, sir, how much revenue growth we have seen in October month, sir, if you can
                 specify?

Saurabh Gadgil:  So, see, October figures are not audited, but October, the revenue would have been in the
                 upwards of INR1,800 crores.

Utkarsh:         Okay. Thanks a lot sir.

Moderator:       Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Nitin from Fairvalue. Please go ahead.

Nitin:           Yes. Thank you for the follow-up opportunity. So, my question is on the LiteStyle format. If
                 you can provide some more color on the breakeven period required in this format and what kind
                 of margins do we get here?

Saurabh Gadgil:  So, see, LiteStyle, by name itself, is a lightweight jewellery-focused format. So, the store size
                 would be ranging around 1,500 to max 2,000 square feet. This could be on a high street or in a
                 mall, catering to the working women, fashion-conscious, lightweight-oriented customers.

                 The inventory in these stores would be in the range of around INR 8 crores to INR 10 crores.
                 And we expect that these stores should contribute once they mature to around 2.5 to 3 stock
                 turns. So, around INR25 crores is what we expect these stores to reach at.

                 The margins would range -- in the range of around 20% to 25%. So, while the gross margin of
                 PNG traditional stores would be around 13%, the lifestyle would be in the range of around 20%
                 to 25%. Kiran, would you add anything more on this?

Kiran Firodiya:  Yes. I think what Saurabh has mentioned is correct. So, roughly a typical investment of INR 10
                 crores to INR 12 crores with the gross margin of around 20%. And with this, typically, we say
                 that one year or 1-1.5 year that 15 or 16 month, that particular store will come to a breakeven.
                 And that is we are feeling that it's very healthy margins we observe because last entire 12
                 months, we opened three LiteStyle stores. So, they are doing predominantly good, and they are
                 already reached to their breakeven. And one store already crossed the breakeven. So, we are
                 seeing good traction in the LiteStyle as well.

Nitin:           That is very helpful. Thank you. And my last question is on international expansion. So, a lot
                 of your peers are reporting good growth in Middle East, as well as North America, specifically
                 US. So, do we also have any international expansion plans on the cards?

Saurabh Gadgil:  Yes. So, we have mentioned during our plan for the year that we will be looking at adding a
                 store in North America. So, somewhere on the West Coast, what we are targeting right now,

                                      Page 15 of 19

[page 17]
            P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                 November 13th, 2025

                  California, Seattle, where we already have a presence. So, that is all on the cards right now
                  because we see a lot of more opportunity right now in the Indian market.

                  So, the company is focusing aggressively on the Indian growth. But yes, we will be adding, we
                  will look at adding one store a year on the international front, right now, looking at North
                  America as the region.

Nitin:            Right. Thank you, and all the best.

Saurabh Gadgil:   Thank you.

Moderator:        The next question is from the line of Mr. Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. Please
                  go ahead.

Lakshminarayanan  Yes, thank you. I just want to understand, you have been phenomenally successful in
                  Maharashtra as you actually expand into other geographies, which could be continuous or even
                  outside Maharashtra like UP, etc.

                  What are the activations, what are the things you do to actually attract footfalls? You mentioned
                  that the footfalls have been good. So, I want to understand what are you doing, which makes
                  you a trusted name in those states also?

Saurabh Gadgil:   So, it's a very important question and that's something which is always on the mind of the
                  company when we expand. So, it's a series of things we do before we enter into market. We do
                  market survey there. Then we do exhibitions there. We do a lot of groundwork there in terms of
                  creating relations, creating friends of brands.

                  Once we are confident about launching a store, we do a lot of activities around there to spread
                  awareness. We do branding campaigns. We do a lot of physical campaigns in terms of
                  newspaper hoarding. Do a lot of online activities.

                  Even when we are on a drive to recruit staff, we also try to get people from the relevant
                  background, which also helps us to get a better understanding of customers. And having the
                  right product at the store, the right merchandise, really helps us to be relevant to the people's
                  requirements there.

                  I think the legacy we carry, the brand positioning we carry, that really is a very important pull
                  factor when we go into those markets. So, as you saw both in MP and UP, people come to us
                  because they see we are a legacy brand, having deep understanding of the jewellery market,
                  known for its values and trust. So, this combination of all these things leads us to being able to
                  generate a kind of footfall. And it's a very planned approach.

                  We also try to estimate the footfalls per day, footfalls per month, and then we try to compare
                  that with, what is actual. On that basis, we have said that we are on track to achieve what we
                  had forecasted for these two regions.

                                          Page 16 of 19

[page 18]
P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                 November 13th, 2025

Lakshminarayanan   Sir typically, when I look at some of the other geographies, one of the pulling reasons could be
                   some kind of a discount or some kind of reduced making charges, etc. Now, is that something
                   which you actually look at it in those markets where you are?

                   Of course, there are other large, maybe national chains, also regional chains around. Do you
                   actually reduce your making charges in those regions? Is that a way you actually look at it?

Saurabh Gadgil:    See, making charges are never a factor which converts purchases. A customer may get five
                   rupees off, but he has to still pay 95 rupees. So, the brand, the design and the service are the key
                   elements and that is what we believe in.

                   Discount can just be for a festive season or for an inaugural offer, just to more of a respect for
                   the customer as an entry in the market. By the company, we always focus on the value more
                   than the discount.

Lakshminarayanan   Got it. And any thoughts on this lab-grown diamond that is also in one side, we hear a lot of
                   noise around that. Does that in any way impact your sales of studded jewellery?

Saurabh Gadgil:    See, studded jewellery sale has seen a very, very steady rise. There has been no pressure from
                   lab-grown. So, as a company, we have not seen any pressure from the consumer side demanding
                   lab-grown. So, as of now, we have, there is no interest from the company to enter into that
                   category.

Lakshminarayanan   So, one last thing, organizationally, we have been focused on Maharashtra, now that we are
                   actually expanding others. What changes at an organizational level you have done in terms of
                   management bandwidth so that the right steps are taken? And then, in terms of if there is
                   something going wrong, you actually can actually pullback. How are you risk mitigating these
                   expansions?

Saurabh Gadgil:    We are doing a lot of things on that front, setting up a store operation audit team, looking at
                   increasing the merchandising team, looking at increasing the further development, visit
                   development and exhibitions team, to be able to have a better control over your CRM and to get
                   feedback from that, visit by experienced senior professionals in those regions. A lot of these
                   things are done, and I think that is very important to be able to not just grow, but to be able to
                   grow profitably and manage that growth.

Lakshminarayanan:  And sir, one last question from my side. In your total tonnage of sales in gold, how much is
                   actually traded in, essentially, people are coming to recycle? And then, how much is coming
                   from those campaigns? You talked about some schemes, which is around like some X number
                   of kilos of gold.

Saurabh Gadgil:    On the jewellery side, around 50% would be old gold, which is exchanged against new
                   jewellery. The scheme, as you mentioned, around 8% to 10% of the entire volume comes from
                   the scheme sales.

Lakshminarayanan:  And this 50 kgs of gold thing, is it -- I mean, all of them coming from your own sales or how
                   much is coming from other places purchased gold?

                              Page 17 of 19

[page 19]
            P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                                                 November 13th, 2025

Saurabh Gadgil:    As a company, we are very compliant on buying old gold. So without invoice, we do not
                   purchase old gold. So, most of this is our own gold. But yes, definitely, if it's Hallmark gold
                   from the market, with a proper invoice, we also get it accepted. But we have seen that 80% of
                   it is still our own gold.

Lakshminarayanan:  And the customers who are actually doing this trade-in as well as these, though it is 60%, they
                   may be also adding -- I mean, they may be the same people who are actually buying more gold,
                   right? So if you look at it, purely for fresh gold purchases would be how much?

Saurabh Gadgil:    That is what we always said before that, that old gold is 50%, the balance is fresh purchases.
                   And because being a legacy brand, almost 70% of our customers are already people who are a
                   part of PNG family. So the cost of acquiring new customers for us is very low, because we are
                   able to have a huge database of our existing customers.

Lakshminarayanan:  Yes. Thank you. Thank you so much, sir. This is very helpful.

Moderator:         Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Rounit from FinAvenue. Please go ahead.

Rounit:            Sir, how much revenue is from gold, silver and sale of diamond? Could you bifurcate on that,
                   please?

Kiran Firodiya:    Sure. So roughly...

Rounit:            Like you did INR2,178 crores of revenue this quarter?

Kiran Firodiya:    Yes. So you want a quarter-wise, quarter-on-quarter or how you want?

Rounit:            For this quarter, what is the bifurcation? How much is from gold? How much is from silver,
                   sale of silver? How much is from sale of diamond?

Kiran Firodiya:    Yes. So, when I see my total 100% revenue, almost 85% is coming from gold, and 10% is
                   coming from silver, and remaining 5% is coming from diamonds.

Saurabh Gadgil:    By diamond, we only mean the stone cost. The metal cost is included in the gold ratio. That's
                   why when we say that we are on 10% studded. The 5% also is the gold component in that.

Rounit:            Okay, okay. Got it, got it.

Saurabh Gadgil:    So you can -- yes, so that is what the breakup is.

Rounit:            Okay. And one more question, sir, I have. What's your update on the previous two stores, the
                   LiteStyle store you have opened?

Saurabh Gadgil:    So, both are -- like Kiran mentioned before, we have total launched three lifestyle stores. Of
                   that, one is already broken even. Two are on the path for it. And the sale, what we're expecting
                   in terms of being able to do two stock turns, we are on track for that. So the response has been
                   encouraging.

                                          Page 18 of 19

[page 20]
            P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited                 November 13th, 2025

                 We also had to do a little work on the merchandising mix. So that is what we have right now
                 worked on. And I'm looking at the way the brand is being accepted by people, we are confident
                 that the expansion ahead would definitely be fruitful and we'll be able to add to the PNG existing
                 store.

Rounit:          Okay, okay. Thank you, sir.

Moderator:       Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now like to
                 hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Thank you, everyone. We truly appreciate all the participants for taking out time to join the
                 conference and for insightful questions. We hope that we able to address all of them to a
                 satisfaction. If you have any further queries or would like to know more about the company,
                 please feel free to reach out to our secretarial team and Investor Relations partner at X-B4
                 Advisory. Wishing all of you a great day ahead. Thank you very much.

Moderator:       Thank you, sir. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited, that concludes this
                 conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.

                                          Page 19 of 19

