[page 1]
Date: August 04, 2026

To,                                                 To,

BSE Limited,                                        National Stock Exchange of India Limited,

Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                          Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, BKC,

Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001                       Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051

Scrip Code: 544256                                  Symbol: PNGJL

Subject: Transcript of Conference Call

Dear Sir/ Madam,

Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations                                  and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of audio                         call

of the Conference Call held on Tuesday, July 28, 2026, at 03:00 P.M. (IST).

The details are also available on the website of the Company at https://www.pngjewellers.com

Kindly take the above information on your records.

Thanking You.

Yours Sincerely,

For P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

PRAKHAR                Digitally signed by

                       PRAKHAR GUPTA

GUPTA                  Date: 2026.08.04

                       16:48:57 +05'30'

Prakhar Gupta

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

                                  P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

      Registered      Office.: PNG House, 694, Narayan Peth, Kunte Chowk, Laxmi Road,Pune, - 411030. Maharashtra, India.

                               Tel. No. +91 20 24435005 I Fax: +91 20 244305011

Toll  Free no.: 1800  233 5005 (11A.M. - 7 P.M.) I www.pngjewellers.com I info@pngadgil.com I CIN: L36912PN2013PLC149288        I

                                            INDIA I USA

[page 2]
             "P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited"

             Q1 FY27 Conference Call

             July 28th, 2026

MANAGEMENT:  DR. SAURABH GADGIL - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING

             DIRECTOR - P N GADGIL JEWELLERS LIMITED

             MR. DEEPAK VIJAY - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -

             P N GADGIL JEWELLERS LIMITED

MODERATOR:   MR. AAYUSH ADUKIA - NUVAMA WEALTH

             Page 1 of 16

[page 3]
                                                                   P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                                        July 28th, 2026

Moderator:       Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited Q1 FY27

                 Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there

                 will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you

                 need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero

                 on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the

                 conference over to Mr. Aayush Adukia. Thank you and over to you, sir.

Aayush Adukia:   Thank you, Ananya. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Nuvama, it is a pleasure to

                 welcome you to P N Gadgil Jewellers Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. From the

                 management today, we have Dr. Saurabh Gadgil, Chairman and MD, and Mr. Deepak Vijay,

                 CFO. I would like to hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. Over to

                 you, Saurabh.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to the Q1 FY27 Earnings

                 Conference Call of P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited. I hope you have had an opportunity to review

                 our financial results, investor presentation, and quarterly update, which are uploaded on the

                 exchanges and on the company's website. At the onset, I would like to thank our customers,

                 employees, franchise partners, vendor partners, and shareholders for their continued trust. Their

                 confidence has enabled us to deliver our highest ever first quarter, beginning FY27 on a strong

                 note.

                 The Indian jewellery industry remained resilient throughout April to June despite record gold

                 prices. Demand was supported by weddings and an outstanding Akshaya Tritiya, with festive

                 sales growing 80.3% year-over-year to INR251.4 crores. Customers continued to gravitate

                 towards lightweight jewellery, studded products, and old gold exchange trends and that

                 continues to favor trusted organized players with strong brand and transparent pricing.

                 Against this backdrop, PNG delivered a revenue of INR2,413 crores, up 41% year-over-year.

                 EBITDA grew 57% year-over-year to INR192.4 crores, with the EBITDA margin at 8%, while

                 profit after tax grew 52% year-over-year to INR105.3 crores, with a PAT margin at 4.4%.

                 This performance reflects the strength of the PNG brand, healthy consumer demand across

                 categories, and our continued focus on disciplined execution and operational excellence.

                 Operationally, the quarter was about strengthening our existing network while preparing for the

                 next phase: site identification, franchise onboarding, and execution planning for the expansion

                 pipeline. We ended the quarter with 78 stores.

                 Looking ahead, we remain committed to opening around 25 stores during FY2027, taking our

                 network to approximately 103 stores by the year-end. A few launches are planned in Q2, while

                 the bulk of expansion is planned across Q3 and Q4 through a franchise-led approach across both

                 legacy and litestyle formats, deepening our presence in Maharashtra while expanding our reach

                 in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Central India, and NCR.

                                Page 2 of 16

[page 4]
                                                                             P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                                                 July 28th, 2026

                  Despite elevated gold prices, our performance remains in line with our previously

                  communicated guidance. Supported by a 194-year-old legacy, disciplined execution, growing

                  pan-India presence, and a continued formalization of the jewellery industry, we remain

                  confident of delivering sustainable growth throughout FY2027. With that, I will hand over the

                  call to our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Deepak Vijay.

Deepak Vijay:     Hi, thank you, Saurabh, and good afternoon, everybody. So let me take you through the financial

                  performance for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. Consolidated revenue from operations grew

                  41% year-on-year to INR2,413 crore, driven by broad-based growth across retail, franchise, and

                  e-commerce. Retail grew 56% on the back of 46% SSSG. Franchise grew 8% and e-commerce

                  grew 20%, reflecting continued traction across marketplaces, our D2C platform and digital

                  initiatives.

                  Gross profit for the quarter stood at INR319.6 crores with a gross margin of 13.2%. EBITDA

                  stood at INR192.4 crores, up 57% year-on-year, with EBITDA margin expanding 80 bps to 8%.

                  Profit after tax stood at INR105.3 crores, up 52% year-on-year, with PAT margin up 40 bps to

                  4.4%. Basic EPS came in at INR7.8 against INR5.1 in quarter one last year.

                  Our studded jewellery strategy continues to gain traction. Retail studded ratio improved to

                  10.9% from 9.9% in the previous quarter, with our recently launched stores in North and Central

                  India already running stud ratios of 15% to 18%, well ahead of our mature Maharashtra network,

                  while Litestyle by PNG posted a stud ratio of 32.9%.

                  Our gold bars and coins business also continues to strengthen customer engagement, with 53%

                  of gold bars and coins purchases converting into jewellery this quarter, up from 46% in the last

                  year. On revenue mix, retail contribution rose to approximately 78% of total revenue, while

                  bullion sales normalized to around 22% of retail revenue.

                  As we move through the       year,  capital allocation will remain focused on  high-return store

                  expansion, strengthening     our    franchise network, digital investments,    and operational

                  excellence.

                  With that, we conclude our opening remarks and would now be happy to take your questions.

                  Thank you.

Moderator:        Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first question is from

                  the line of Yash Sonthaliya from Edelweiss Public Alts. Please go ahead.

Yash Sonthaliya:  Hi, thank you team for taking my questions and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Am

                  I audible?

Deepak Vijay:     Yes, you are audible, Yash.

Yash Sonthaliya:  Yes. So my first question is on gross margin. Like year-over-year, our gross margin is pretty

                  much flat, while if I see the change in mix, we have seen a very good mix changing towards

                  retail, which is like one of the highest margin products, highest margin revenue for us. So how

                  to understand this flat margin?

                                Page 3 of 16

[page 5]
                                                                                  P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                                        July 28th, 2026

Deepak Vijay:     So if you see our -- you have to also compare the adjusted gross margin wherein we have given

                  the hedging gains separately, Yash. So if you will remove that, the adjusted gross margins will

                  -- we have increased it by kind of 40, 50 bps compared to last year.

Yash Sonthaliya:  Got it, got it. And one more follow-up on the same. Basically, I really want to understand how

                  to read the retail margin for the business, right? Because in retail also, there is a huge sale of

                  less studded or maybe plain gold type jewellery. So what is the ideal retail margin for our

                  business when the studded ratio is in the range of 10% to 11%?

Deepak Vijay:     Yes, so ideally we -- so the studded have a different margin as compared to the metal, gold

                  metal jewellery, plain jewellery. These are differentially very, very different. With a studded

                  ratio of 10% to 11%, we should be in the range of somewhere between 12.5% to 13.5% is what

                  we should target.

Yash Sonthaliya:  Got it, got it. And this assuming around 20 -- sorry...

Saurabh Gadgil:   So like we are saying in the retail sale, we have our sale of jewellery has increased to now 80%,

                  20% to 21% is only bars and coins. So keeping that and looking at studded, plain gold, and bars

                  and coins in the retail category, the gross margin should be, like Deepak said, between 13% to

                  14%.

                  But ideally, but this is what we have been talking on and we have been also able to give a

                  guidance on the gross margins, considering the impact of hedging gains, which we have shown

                  separately in our presentation.

Yash Sonthaliya:  Got it. Makes sense, sir. And one last question. Like with our store expansion happening, ideally

                  what our understanding is, the other expense will also increase with the same amount. But in

                  this quarter, the other expenses only increased by 5%. So any specific efficiency or...

Deepak Vijay:     Yes, so I'll take this question, Yash. So yes, the other expenses have not moved in the same

                  proportion as the sales. A couple of reasons. Firstly, with the demand or the things which have

                  happened in the industry in the beginning of the quarter, we have gone very conservative on our

                  spends. That is one, that we have not -- we have just put kind of leash on any incremental

                  expenses which we could do for the demand thing. So that is in line with the industry going

                  through the phase wherein the demand could be down, so we have taken a conservative approach

                  there. One is that.

                  Second is the scheme redemptions which happens on these schemes, those share, that discount

                  on that scheme share is lower in this quarter compared to the last quarter. This has been two

                  new things. And the marketing spends, we have also gone very, very conservative. We have cut

                  down the hoardings wherever not required, like, 250, 300 hoardings have been cut down from

                  what it was last year. So, we continue to monitor and keep our marketing cost within 1.5%, and

                  that is what has helped to keep the cost in check.

                  Also, there has been no stores which have been planned this year -- I mean in the quarter, so

                  there have been no stores which were planned in the quarter, so no travel, nothing has happened

                  in that side. But yes, going forward, in line with quarter three, quarter four, this should have

                                       Page 4 of 16

[page 6]
                                                                              P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                                           July 28th, 2026

                 some increase because the expansions are planned across quarter three and quarter four. But

                 having said that, we are confident of delivering the guidance EBITDA within slightly higher

                 cost or the comparable cost in quarter three, quarter four.

Yash Sonthalia:  Makes sense. Thanks, thanks a lot, sir, for answering all the questions.

Moderator:       The next question is from the line of Smith Gala from RSPN Ventures. Please go ahead.

Smith Gala:      Yes, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, my first

                 question was in line with the sale of coins, etcetera, which were elevated in the last quarter and

                 which have cooled down this quarter. So, it will be -- it is my request to the management that,

                 can this number be given separately in the presentation? And what is the difference between the

                 other section in the segmental reporting which we gave in the PPT and the 21% to 22% which

                 we are mentioning of gold coins, etcetera, as a part of retail revenue?

Saurabh Gadgil:  So, see, in retail what I mentioned as bars and coins is what we sell at the stores. So, this time

                 we have gone and mentioned, we have given the details of that, that the average ticket value is

                 less than 5 grams of the bars -- the coins and bars sold at the retail counter. And out of that,

                 more than 50% have converted into jewellery. So, this has been a productive, this is a productive

                 sale for us.

                 The other part which I mentioned here is primarily the corporate sales, the what we do, you

                 know, for companies in bulk orders. So that's a very small, minuscule number, as far as we put

                 it in others. But going ahead, we would have three categories like I mentioned: retail, out of

                 which roughly around 78% to 79% would be jewellery, 20% to 21% would be bars and coins,

                 and then the second level would be the franchise, and the third arm would be e-commerce.

Smith Gala:      Okay, that was helpful. The next question from my side, same as a continuation to the question

                 from previous participant on the other expenses. We have seen a big reduction as far as other

                 expense is concerned. While you alluded the reasons for the reduce, primarily no new showroom

                 openings, etcetera. So, on a normalized basis, what are the kind of other expenses what we are

                 looking at as a percentage of sales?

Saurabh Gadgil:  So, see, the guidance given by us, we will be on the same line. Q1 was a little low because we

                 had planned this quarter to really focus more on the existing store network. We had reduced

                 marketing to a large extent since there are no further brand building required in new areas, and

                 we're focusing a lot on on-ground activities.

                 And you know, it was also a season when we didn't really have to spend anything more on travel

                 or other side. But going ahead with for the annualized other expenses which we had planned for

                 the year, Deepak will just give a number to you, should be on track.

Smith Gala:      Should I wait for the number?

Saurabh Gadgil:  Just a minute. I'm just adding the number together.

Smith Gala:      Okay.

                               Page 5 of 16

[page 7]
                                                                         P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                                                   July 28th, 2026

Deepak Vijay:    The other expenses as we said will be in the range of let's say 3% roundabout of the total sale.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Range of roughly INR400 crores is what we're looking at for the entire year.

Smith Gala:      Hello?

Saurabh Gadgil:  Hello?

Moderator:       Ladies and gentlemen, wait for a moment, I will be reconnecting the previous participant.

Deepak Vijay:    Hello?

Moderator:       Just a moment, sir, we are reconnecting.

Smith Gala:      Yes, am I audible?

Saurabh Gadgil:  Yes, you're audible. Yes, the call dropped in between.

Smith Gala:      On the other income bit, I understand our accounting for the hedging takes place at the gross

                 margin level. So, the difference in the other income from INR31 odd crores in Q4 versus INR10

                 crores in Q1, so what plays that?

Deepak Vijay:    Other income is primarily the interest part on the fixed deposits which we have.

Smith Gala:      But this fluctuation is so vast, interest should be, I assume, interest should be more or less

                 equally distributed across quarters.

Deepak Vijay:    Yes, so this will be equally distributed. So, the FDs which we have put on mortgage has come

                 down from last year, and that's the major difference.

Smith Gala:      Because the difference is huge, from INR31 crores odd of other income to just INR10 crores in

                 this quarter.

Deepak Vijay:    No, there is last quarter there is no -- just give me a second. I think last quarter the number

                 which we reported is round about INR12 crores of other income, not INR31 crores.

Smith Gala:      Wait.

Deepak Vijay:    Just check, let me also check, to my knowledge the number is INR 12 crores In Q4 it's INR 31

                 crores.

Smith Gala:      Yes, yes, that was -- I was talking about Q4 only, INR31 crores, yes.

Deepak Vijay:    So, we have dropped down the FDs from the balances.

Smith Gala:      So, the money which was utilized, so the all the money which was redeemed from the FDs is

                 sitting on cash on the balance sheet, is it in Q1?

Deepak Vijay:    It's on the cash also, and we have put some money for the margins for the hedging part also.

                                     Page 6 of 16

[page 8]
                                                                          P        N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                                            July 28th, 2026

Smith Gala:      Okay, and  we   will  be  doing  around  7%  of  EBITDA  margins  for the full year, is that your

                 guidance?

Deepak Vijay:    That's the guidance.

Smith Gala:      Okay, thank you, that's all from my side.

Moderator:       Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj Shah from Three-Head Capital. Please go

                 ahead.

Raj Shah:        Hello? Are you able to hear me?

Saurabh Gadgil:  Yes. Go ahead.

Raj Shah:        Yes. So, I was asking, see, I mean in terms of our standalone stores, we are currently at 65. So,

                 two, three years down, I mean PNG flagship stores, what kind of store addition that you see

                 going forward in terms of a standalone store and what will be the mix of COCO and franchise-

                 owned?

Deepak Vijay:    So hi. So right now, we are at 57 COCO stores and 21 FOCO stores with between legacy and

                 litestyle. We plan to add 25 stores this year and the count will be 103 in total with 63 stores as

                 COCO and the balance is FOCO. Next year, '27, '28, we plan to add round about 37 stores again

                 with the proceeds which we will have from the profits which will accrue.

                 So we will be adding 37 more stores and the COCO count will become 86 and the franchise

                 stores will be 54 and the total count will be 140. So this year we will add 25 stores and the next

                 two years we will add 37, 37 stores. So 103 becomes 140, 140 becomes 177.

Saurabh Gadgil:  And just to the above, out of that we are looking at around 113 stores would be our legacy stores

                 and around 64 stores would be the litestyle stores as of March 2029.

Raj Shah:        Sorry, what did you mention the breakup?

Saurabh Gadgil:  So as of March 2029, we should be at a number of around 177 stores, out of which 113 would

                 be the PNG legacy stores and around 64 would be litestyle stores. That is the plan for three

                 years.

Raj Shah:        Okay, understood. And majority of the new store expansion should come under FOCO, I mean

                 60%, 70% of that of the new stores, right?

Saurabh Gadil:   As of March 2029, we are looking at around the 75 stores would be COCO and around 40 stores

                 would be FOCO.

Raj Shah:        Understood.

Saurabh Gadgil:  So this year, the plan would be to expand more on the FOCO channel because last year we had

                 expanded more on the COCO side. But going ahead, after that, the next two years would be a

                 combination of COCO and FOCO.

                                           Page 7 of 16

[page 9]
                                                              P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                                                  July 28th, 2026

Raj Shah:        Understood. So sir, what kind of gross margins you will see three years out? I understand gross

                 margins will be lower but will be consequently have lower employee and other expenses, so our

                 EBITDA margins might be improving trajectory. But in terms of gross margins, what kind of

                 margins do we see three years out and result in EBITDA margins?

Deepak Vijay:    Yes, so while we will have an gross margin deflection from the FOCO stores increasing, but at

                 an EBITDA level we will be progressing and at a PAT level we target to be at 4.5% to 4.7% by

                 FY29, which is round about 4.4% right now.

Raj Shah:        Understood, sir. And this is last question.

Deepak Vijay:    Because gross margin levels won't be comparable like that so the dilution in the top margin but

                 the same margin flows into my PBT for the franchise margin because we do not incur any cost

                 there. So at a PAT level, we should be in the range of 4.7% by FY29 and more.

Raj Shah:        Understood. Sir, this last question. In terms of our borrowings, currently what is the mix of

                 GML in our borrowings and how do you see this borrowing moving from here? I mean because

                 the organic store expansion might be lower, I mean we do FOCO more, so the operating cash

                 flow that we generate, should it be used to run down the borrowings or how do we see this mix

                 going forward?

Deepak Vijay:    So our borrowing including without GML is in the range of INR1,200 crores, which is in line

                 with what we had in March, so no major movement there. In terms of GML, we have round

                 about INR300 crores to INR400 crores of banking limits the loan right now on gold metal loans.

                 So going forward, the projection is that the entire loan which is round about INR1,500 crores to

                 INR1,550 crores, FY29 we plan to reduce it by INR500 crores to INR600 crores and will be

                 below INR1,000 crores by FY29 and in couple of more years we should be debt-free in next

                 let's say four to five years, Yes.

Raj Shah:        Understood, sir. Thank you so much.

Moderator:       Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naveen Trivedi from Motilal Oswal. Please

                 go ahead.

Naveen Trivedi:  Yes, good afternoon, everyone. Sir, one question on the Adhik Maas which I am sure that would

                 have impacted your quarter one performance also. Can we expect the Adhik Maas which would

                 have kind of a postponed the wedding season can benefit in the coming quarters?

Saurabh Gadgil:  Naveen, Adhik Maas was not a big turnout this year, primarily silver prices hovering at a high

                 level. Silver is a item sought after during Adhik Maas, so Adhik Maas has seen routine sales. It

                 was not like a standout season. Wedding like you said, because of additional month, weddings

                 would be a driver. So Q2 or a large portion of Q3 should benefit from the wedding which have

                 been postponed by a month.

                                 Page 8 of 16

[page 10]
                                                                          P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                                             July 28th, 2026

Naveen Trivedi:  Sure. And in terms of our SSSGs, if I look at our overall growth rates are 41%, correct? And

                 retail growth is 56%. So when I look at the SSSG, is it only pertain to retail growth rates, which

                 is like 46% which we had reported?

Deepak Vijay:    Yes, this is retail SSSG.

Naveen Trivedi:  Sure, fair point. And in this quarter, we had shared the hedging gains for this quarter and the

                 last year also, correct? Can you also share the similar numbers for the last year how these three

                 quarters has kind of a, for the remaining three quarters and for the FY26?

Deepak Vijay:    So I think we have in the last call we reported the numbers for quarter three and quarter four as

                 INR45 crores and INR20 crores of gains. In quarter two, the upside and the downside was not

                 much, it was netted off, but that number is in the range of round about INR5.5 crores, INR6

                 crores, that's what I remember on top of my head.

Naveen Trivedi:  INR45 crores for quarter four, correct?

Deepak Vijay:    Quarter three.

Naveen Trivedi:  Quarter three was INR45 crores.

Deepak Vijay:    Because that's where the margins were very high that particular quarter with all of the INR45

                 crores gains sitting there. Yes.

Naveen Trivedi:  And sorry, I missed out for quarter four.

Deepak Vijay:    Quarter four was 20. That's what we reported last time.

Naveen Trivedi:  Sure, fair point. And now we are talking about going back to our hedging percentage to go up

                 to kind of a 80%, 90%. And what are the timelines to kind of achieve those percentages?

Deepak Vijay:    So 80% I feel should be doable before Diwali or maybe quarter three. We can target 80% to be

                 around about quarter three and next year we should be touching 90% plus 100% there in the

                 range of 90% to 100%.

Saurabh Gadgil:  See Naveen, the intent is to be for next financial is to be fully hedged. I mean we had gone down

                 because of the margin increase, so we have come to 70% plus. Q2 we should be looking at

                 reaching around 80% and I think the next year the plan is to be committed to be fully hedged.

Naveen Trivedi:  Fair point. And just one bit on the other expenses side also, like you kind of a communicated

                 about reaching to INR400 crores kind of a number. So is it only the marketing hedge where

                 which kind of a wins give you close to INR100 crores plus sort of a cut versus last year?

Saurabh Gadgil:  You mean the overall marketing, you are talking overall other expenses?

Naveen Trivedi:  Yes, you mentioned about last year we did close to INR500 crores plus number. That number

                 will be...

                                            Page 9 of 16

[page 11]
                                                                                  P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                                            July 28th, 2026

Deepak Vijay:    Yes, last year two, three triggers why it was very high. Firstly, the UP launch, which was pretty

                 heavy on the P&L. Round about INR40 crores to INR50 crores have gone into UP and the new

                 celebrity endorsements which has gone there. That's a big top line which will not happen this

                 year straight forward because UP is already launched now and we just go with the organic

                 marketing there and not anything extravagant.

                 That was one part of it. Also the marketing [Inaudible 00:30:02] sale and the foundation day

                 sale, this year we have no plans. The scheme part of it which is not related because this was

                 more of marketing campaigns, so that was reflected under the other expenses. So that also will

                 not happen, that was one-time exercise will not repeat it.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Naveen, on the side of other expenses, there would be major portion saving would be from one-

                 time branding marketing which was done to look at the Central India belt.

                 We launched entire campaign of the Pethwa campaign in to this region, establishing a brand

                 there. So all that was one-time expenditure and then we crossed the INR10,000 crores mark last

                 year with gratitude sales, so this also would be offset during that. So all these one-time expenses

                 which added to the other expenses which should be neutralized this year.

Moderator:       Sir, sorry to interrupt, your voice is coming with a lot of disturbance. Could you please try

                 maybe speaking near the mic?

Saurabh Gadgil:  Naveen, are you there?

Naveen Trivedi:  Yes, I'm there, I'm there, but Yes, your voice was not very audible, Yes.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Yes, I said most of the what Deepak explained were one-time expenses.

Moderator:       It's coming out very disturbed.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Is it okay now? Because I from our side there's no disturbance.

Moderator:       Now it is perfect, sir. Please continue.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Yes. So I think I have answered the question. Naveen, anything else from your side?

Naveen Trivedi:  Just two things from my side. So if last year we did close to INR70 crores to INR75 crores

                 inventory gain, so if I look at on profitability side, there would be like 50 bps, 60 bps kind of a

                 benefit at least on the net profit margin. So I think the underlying margins would be close to

                 3.2% to 3.3% on a yearly basis. How are we seeing this because given now expenses line will

                 kind of a will see tapering down and given now the there is up and down in the gold side also

                 has played out, how are we seeing profit margins this year?

Deepak Vijay:    So as we are growing more on the hedging, so the hedging gains will slowly down.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Hello? Naveen?

Naveen Trivedi:  Yes, yes. So I was asking about our net profit margin percentages.

                                         Page 10 of 16

[page 12]
                                                                   P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                                              July 28th, 2026

Saurabh Gadgil:  This time the PAT margin should be in the range of around 4.2%.

Deepak Vijay:    Yes, we should be upwards 4% between 4.1% to 4.25% is what we are targeting, Naveen. This

                 is underlying without any kind of hedging gains and we're also ensuring that the expenses

                 doesn't go up. That's an very aggressive targets we also have taken, but let's see, we should be

                 able to pull it off with that marketing cuts which we have taken this year.

Naveen Trivedi:  Sure, sure. That's all from my side.

Moderator:       Thank you. The next question is from Subhanu Bangar from Three-Head Capital. Please go

                 ahead.

Subhanu Bangar:  Yes, good afternoon. Hope I am audible. Sir, my question on the litestyle format, like current

                 our studded mix around 32%, but in the same segment many of our listed peers keeping the

                 studded ratio above 50%, 60% or so and they are doing around 30% to 35% gross margin. But

                 my question on -- why we are keeping the studded ratio around 30% to 35% although we are

                 open this format for high studded mix business? And second, what kind of GM we are doing

                 currently, GM means gross margin we are doing? And third, last year you guided we want to

                 open around 100 store for by 2030 in the litestyle format. Are you on track to achieve this

                 guidance?

Saurabh Gadgil:  Yes, so your first question on the litestyle, why the studded ratio [Inaudible 0:34:21]

Subhanu Bangar:  Sir, your voice is breaking.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Hello? Can you hear me now?

Subhanu Bangar:  No, sir. Still breaking.

Moderator:       Sir. Your voice is cracking up a lot.

Saurabh Gadgil:  It is the same. [Inaudible 0:34:38] I don't know why it's cracking. Is it audible now?

Moderator:       Could you please say a line? I'll check.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Is it audible now?

Moderator:       Yes, it is. It is audible now. Continue, please.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Yes, so on the litestyle we had -- as I mentioned last we started litestyle, it was more on the gold

                 side looking at around 80% inventory of gold and only 15% to 18% in studded. But through our

                 -- but through the journey through people's experiences, we realized that studded has to go up

                 and that is how we have been slowly working on the merchandise mix. Eventually, we plan to

                 take it to 80% studded inventory at a store level and 20% gold inventory and that would also

                 enable us to reach a 50% to 60% studded ratio in that category. Hello?

Subhanu Bangar:  Yes, Yes, I am here.

                                           Page 11 of 16

[page 13]
                                                                                P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                                                    July 28th, 2026

Saurabh Gadgil:  Yes. So once that happens, the margins again would be like the industry around 30% to 35%

                 margins on the litestyle format. And on the store size, we have right now spoken up to March

                 2029 where we are looking at reaching around a 65 to 70 store mark now for litestyle and as we

                 go ahead in the next few years we should be aiming to reach the 100 store mark for litestyle.

Subhanu Bangar:  Okay. And what was the current gross margin?

Saurabh Gadgil:  The current gross margin in litestyle in the would be in range around 18% to 20%.

Subhanu Bangar:  And when we can expect this studded mix can go up to 80%?

Saurabh Gadgil:  Likely the next two years because right now we have changed the entire merchandise mix. So

                 our current ratio -- studded ratio is around 34%, which we in the next 12 months expect to be

                 doubling from here.

Deepak Vijay:    Yes, so the studded ratio right now in LS is right round about that percent. This will go up with

                 the change of merchandise mix as Saurabh has mentioned. So Yes, we're looking at round about

                 50% in next couple of years to be there.

Subhanu Bangar:  Okay, great. Best of luck, sir.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Thank you.

Moderator:       Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Jain from Fair Value Equity Advisory.

                 Please go ahead.

Nitin Jain:      Yes, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on an excellent quarter. So my first

                 question is in the retail segment, like we have done very well this quarter despite the Adhik

                 Maas, but both franchise and e-commerce, they have been slightly muted. So what reason you

                 would attribute to this?

Saurabh Gadgil:  See, the franchise, like we have mentioned in our update, we were looking at finalizing

                 franchise, working on the store setups. So the franchise number will pick up in Q2 and Q3. So

                 we have around on the legacy side around 10 line -- 10 franchises planned for the entire year

                 and around five on the litestyle format. So once -- so the number will pick up as we move ahead.

                 And your second question was on?

Nitin Jain:      E-commerce.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Yes, e-commerce, we have taken a conscious decision of focusing more on the jewellery side

                 and reducing the bars and coin sales there. So it's more of a company decision to focus on

                 jewellery, both studded and plain gold on the e-com side. So e-com will see better margins but

                 may see a little slow down, a little decrease in total sales.

Nitin Jain:      Right. Also, the inventory ratio we have today is close to 4x, but according to the presentation,

                 it was nearer to 8x almost eight times two years ago. So what do you think has caused this big

                 dip in inventory ratio?

                                           Page 12 of 16

[page 14]
                                                                        P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                        July 28th, 2026

Saurabh Gadgil:  So the ratio was around seven times, but hello?

Nitin Jain:      Yes, audible.

Saurabh Gadgil:  So the ratio was around seven, that primary was when we were doing the refinery sale and there

                 was a -- there was a lot of B2B sale. After that, everything has been rationalized. We had also

                 given a guidance of the stock turns stabilizing around 3.5 to 4, and that is where we are today.

                 So this was as per the guidance given and after ending the refinery sale and the B2B sales.

Nitin Jain:      Great, that's very helpful. And my last question is on the promoter shareholding. So right now

                 it's greater than 75% and it kind of seems to be an overhang on the stock. So do we have plans

                 to bring it down in the near future?

Saurabh Gadgil:  Yes, the plans are there, definitely. We already have an enabling board resolution into the effect.

                 So, you know, we are monitoring the market and at a suitable time we'll definitely come up with

                 the QIP to get the shareholding to the desired level.

Nitin Jain:      Great, thank you so much. Just one last observation. So recently I was in Ayodhya for                the

                 darshan of Shri Ram Mandir and I saw a hoarding of PNG Jewellers just right outside                  the

                 mandir. So the area had very good footfall and excellent visibility. So congratulations on           the

                 management on that.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Thank you. We're opening a store soon in Ayodhya, so you also next time when you go there,

                 you can also see the PNG store there.

Nitin Jain:      Great, thank you.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Thank you.

Moderator:       Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Sonthalia from Edelweiss Public

                 [inaudible 0:40:24]. Please go ahead.

Yash Sonthalia:  Hi, thanks for the follow-up. So I, sorry for the confusion, but I again wanted to ask on gross

                 profit margin only on the Y-o-Y basis. So hedging gains are very similar on Y-o-Y basis. So

                 and ideally, like you already alluded, we have done a really good job on increasing the retail

                 revenue and the mix of jewellery in the retail and also reduces the discounts or the off schemes

                 we provide.

                 So ideally this should have increased our gross margin. So what is the reason the gross margins

                 are flat?

Deepak  Vijay:   Yes the hedging gain last year was on a lower base of the retail and same, similar hedging gain

                 we have on the bigger base this year. So when you put the adjusted margins net of the hedging

                 gains, you will see the bps increasing there.

Deepak  Vijay:   Yes, Yash, you there?

                                        Page 13 of 16

[page 15]
                                                                              P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                                       July 28th, 2026

Yash Sonthalia:  Yes, yes. So basically 20 bps I understood the base effect,  but ideally what my understanding

                 was the margins would have improved more with the mix        change. But got your point on that

                 part. And...

Deepak Vijay:    Basically we did these new businesses or the new territories in the, their share of these new

                 territories in the overall retail mix is round about 3%, so the adjusted ratio might see bigger

                 number there. But to translate into a visible margin gain this UP and Central India revenue share

                 in the retail mix has to really increase there.

                 So that's where we'll have to focus couple of years down the line when UP and Central India

                 becomes a bigger share of retail margin you will see the better margin number there as compared

                 to that.

Yash Sonthalia:  Got it, got it. And one last question is on the franchise part of the business. Not talking about

                 the growth of the stores, but on the revenue growth, like we only have seen 8% revenue growth,

                 while the same in the our own stores the growth is higher. So why is such high discrepancy and

                 how it impacts the economics for a franchise partner?

Deepak Vijay:    So I'll take the question on the franchise growth being muted at 8% for this year. So franchise,

                 how, how generally we do one stock when we do the, when we start the franchise. That time it

                 is 100% one stock turn happens because we did, they pay up, we stock up there, that's a part of

                 the, of the sales which we book.

                 Now the replenishment happens there on a weekly basis and as and when required and also

                 franchise also sometimes has to pay up the money and then get the stock. So there could be

                 some timing differences which could come in from when the money is paid and when the stock

                 is completely sold there.

                 So franchise is the books the sales which we record is not B2C, it is B2B, so the stores might

                 still have an inventory or the stores, the investor has not paid up the money, they might want to

                 pay up a couple of days ahead. So those all mixes happens in franchise. So franchise apple-to-

                 apple on a quarter-to-quarter, these differences which will come, but having said that, we

                 understand because franchise is our focus now, will be becoming big.

                 So we have taken access of the systems from franchise and we will be monitoring the B2C

                 environment very closely and the customer demands closely and you will see the better

                 economics coming from franchise on the B2C level as well. But this has become our focus now

                 and we are continuously working with the franchise partners to get access on the B2C data.

Yash Sonthalia:  Got it. Thanks, thanks a lot.

Deepak Vijay:    Yes.

Moderator:       Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aayush from Nuvama. Please go ahead.

                                            Page 14 of 16

[page 16]
                                                                             P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                                                    July 28th, 2026

Aayush:           Thanks. Just one question from my end. We are doing good on Maharashtra. Are we seeing any

                  cannibalization signs, particularly in the state? And also, are we gaining any share from the likes

                  of Kalyan and Tanishq? Yes.

Saurabh  Gadgil:  Ayush, can you repeat the question again please? Hello?

Aayush:           In Maharashtra am I audible?

Saurabh  Gadgil:  Yes, Yes go ahead.

Aayush:           In Maharashtra we are doing good expansion. Are we seeing any cannibalization probably in

                  the stores from our store?

Saurabh  Gadgil:  No sir, our expansion is planned in a very strategic way. So, which area we're expanding, we

                  look at the catchment area, which are the customer base there, and only if it makes, if it's a

                  catchment area to serve for a new store, then we launch a store. So cannibalization which will

                  impact the existing store and new store is not happening.

                  Some natural cannibalization will definitely be there, but that's always factored in when we

                  enter a new store that the, at some stores may lose some portion of their sale, but then the store

                  also address new customers and, be able to still top it off and grow, as we move ahead.

Deepak Vijay:     And also to add to what Saurabh has said, that when we go for the franchise stores or our own

                  stores in a similar territory, there is an framework and a guidelines which we use wherein there

                  has to be a particular kilometers apart these stores has to serve two different catchments and

                  they should not eat up into each other's sale.

                  So that is also a guiding factor and a framework when we choose which location to open the

                  new store or a franchise store.

Saurabh Gadgil:   And Ayush, also answer the other question I think which you asked was about gaining share

                  from competition. There is definitely a, share which we are trying to gain from competition in

                  Maharashtra. Also the unorganized segment is something which is moving fast towards

                  organized and that's why getting a lot of new customers.

                  So our CRM is actively working on ensuring that we keep on having a healthy share of new

                  customers and also being able to dive deeper into our existing set of customers.

Aayush:           Understood, sir. Just one more bit, sir, on our UP expansion, how has been the initial feedback

                  of our stores?

Saurabh Gadgil:   UP has gone well, on track as per our plans, which we've been always mentioning during last

                  couple of calls that, we had made some projection for UP in terms of stock turn, in terms of

                  studded mix, and I think we are on track for that. We still haven't finished a year, so some stores

                  are only three months or four months old.

                  But the older stores are also on track and I think UP expansion looks to be satisfactory, looks to

                  be good. And I think studded which we had projected at 15% is already upwards of 18%, which

                                      Page 15 of 16

[page 17]
                                                                                  P N Gadgil Jewellers Limited

                                                                                  July 28th, 2026

                 can still see further growth. And I think those markets had accepted the brand well and that's

                 another reason why we're seeing almost 8 franchises to 10 franchises opening in UP in this

                 financial year.

Aayush:          All right. That's helpful. Thank you, thank you.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Thank you.

Moderator:       Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today.

                 I now hand over to the management for the closing remarks.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Thank you, everyone, for joining today's call and your continued interest in PNG Jewellers. We

                 appreciate your insightful questions and continued support. Should you require any additional

                 information, please feel free to reach us at our investor relations partner, X-B4 Advisory. Thank

                 you and have a wonderful evening ahead.

Moderator:       Thank you. On behalf of PNG Jewellers Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for

                 joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.

Saurabh Gadgil:  Thank you.

                 E&OE: The transcript has been edited for factual errors if any.

                                  Page 16 of 16

