[[page 1]]
 
 
IGL/SE/2026-27/28 
 
24th July, 2026 
 
The Manager (Listing)    The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited     National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,                         Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,                     Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street,     Bandra (East) 
Mumbai- 400 001    Mumbai – 400 051 
  
Scrip Code: 500201                              Symbol: INDIAGLYCO 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub:  Notice of 42 nd Annual General Meeting, Annual Report for FY 2025-26 and Intimation of E-
Voting facility 
 
Further to our letters bearing no. IGL/SE/2026-27/26 and IGL/SE/2026-27/27 dated 22 nd July and 23rd 
July, 2026 respectively and pursuant to Regulation 30 and 34 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing 
Regulations"), kindly find enclosed herewith Notice of the 42nd Annual General Meeting ("AGM") of 
the Members of the Company scheduled to be held on Wednesday, 19 th August, 2026 at 11:00 
A.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing/ Other Audio Visual Means (“VC/OAVM”) , along with the 
Annual Report for the Financial Year 2025-26.  
 
In compliance with the provisions of the applicable regulations and relevant circulars, the AGM 
Notice and Annual Report for the Financial Year 2025-26 is being sent through e-mail to all those 
Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/Registrar and Share Transfer 
Agent (“RTA”) or their respective Depository Participant and is also available on the Company’s 
website at https://www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/annual-report-2025-26.pdf. 
Additionally, in compliance with Regulation 36(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, a letter 
containing web-link, including the exact path, to access the Annual Report for FY 2025-26, is being 
sent to all those Shareholders whose e-mail addresses is not registered with the 
Company/RTA/Depository Participants. 
 
As per Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management 
& Administration) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company is 
providing the facility to cast vote by electronic means (Remote e-voting prior to AGM and e-
voting during the AGM) on all resolutions set out in the Notice of 42 nd AGM to those Shareholders, 
who are holding shares either in physical or in electronic form as on the cut-off date i.e. 
Wednesday, 12th August, 2026. The remote e-voting will commence on Saturday, 15 th August, 2026 
(9:00 A.M.) and end on Tuesday, 18 th August, 2026 (5:00 P.M.).  Detailed instructions for, inter-alia, 
remote e-voting prior to AGM and evoting at the AGM and for participation in the AGM are 
mentioned in the said Notice. 
 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours truly, 
For India Glycols Limited 
 
 
 
Ankur Jain 
Head (Legal) & Company Secretary 
Encl: A/a 
[[page 2]]

[[page 3]]
Forward-looking statement
In this Annual Report we have disclosed forward-looking informa tion to enable investors to comprehend our prospects and take 
informed investment decisions. This report and other statements, written and oral, that we periodically make contain forward-looking 
statements that set out anticipated results based on the management's plans and assumptions. We have tried wherever possible to 
identify such statements by using words such as 'anticipate', 'estimate', 'expects', 'projects', 'intends', 'plans', 'believes', and words of 
similar substance in connection with any discussion of future performance.
We cannot guarantee that these forward looking statements will be realised, although we believe we have been prudent in 
assumptions. The achievement of results is subject to risks, un certainties and even inaccurate assumptions. Should known or 
unknown risks or uncertainties materialise, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially 
from those anticipated, estimated or projected. Readers should bear this in mind.
We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events 
or otherwise.
[[page 4]]

[[page 5]]
189
• Corporate information 1
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
• Notice 2
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
• Board’s Report 11
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
• Management Discussion & Analysis Report 33
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
• Report on Corporate Governance 46
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
• Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report 65
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
• Independent Auditors’ Report 93
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
• Balance Sheet 100
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
• Statement of Profit & Loss 101
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
• Cash Flow Statement 103
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
• Notes to Standalone Financial Statements 104
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
• Independent Consolidated Auditors’ Report 147
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
• Consolidated Balance Sheet 152
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
• Consolidated Statement of Profit & Loss 153
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
• Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 155
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
○○○○○○○○○ ○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○○
• Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 156
Across the pages
[[page 6]]

[[page 7]]

[[page 8]]

[[page 9]]
1
Corporate Information
Board of Directors
U.S. Bhartia Chairman & Managing Director
Jayshree Bhartia Director
Pragya Bhartia Barwale Executive Director
Ravi Kumar Independent Director
Shukla Wassan Independent Director
Sushil Dutt Salwan Independent Director
Samrat Banerjee Independent Director
Alok Singhal Executive Director
Audit Committee
Ravi Kumar Chairman
Samrat Banerjee Member
Alok Singhal Member
Stakeholder's Relationship Committee
Shukla Wassan Chairperson
U.S. Bhartia Member
Samrat Banerjee Member
Chief Executive Officer
Rupark Sarswat
Chief Financial Officer
Anand Singhal
Company Secretary
Ankur Jain
Statutory Auditors
K. N. Gutgutia & Co., Chartered Accountants
Cost Auditors
R.J. Goel & Co., Cost Accountants
Bankers
State Bank of India
IDBI Bank Limited
Axis Bank Limited
Union Bank of India
IDFC First Bank Limited
Registered Office
India Glycols Limited
CIN: L24111UR1983PLC009097
A-1, Industrial Area,
Bazpur Road, Kashipur -244 713
Distt. Udham Singh Nagar, Uttarakhand
Phone: +91-5947-269000/269500
Fax: +91-5947-275315/269535
Website: www.indiaglycols.com
E-mail: compliance.officer@indiaglycols.com
Corporate Office
3A, Shakespeare Sarani,
Kolkata - 700 071
Head Office
Plot No. 2-B, Sector-126,
Noida - 201304, Distt. Gautam
Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh
Phone: +91-120-6860000/3090100/3090200
Fax: +91-120-3090111/3090211
Registrars & Share Transfer Agents
MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited
179-180, DSIDC Shed,
3rd Floor, Okhla Industrial Area,
Phase -1, New Delhi - 110020
Ph. No's: 011-41406149, 41406150, 41406151
Fax: +91-11-41709881
E-mail: admin@mcsregistrars.com
[[page 10]]
2
Notice is hereby given that the Forty Second Annual General
Meeting (“AGM”) of the Members of India Glycols Limited will
be held on  Wednesday, 19 th August, 2026 at 11:00 A.M.
through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/ Other Audio Visual
Means (“OAVM”) to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Standalone
Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year
ended 31st March, 2026, together with the Report of the
Board of Directors and Auditors thereon and the Audited
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for
the Financial Year ended 31 st March, 2026 together with
the Auditors’ Report thereon.
2. To confirm the payment of Interim dividend of ` 7.50/- per
Equity Share as the final dividend for the financial year
ended 31st March, 2026.
3. To appoint a Director in place of Shri Alok Singhal
(DIN:10359043), who retires by rotation and being eligible,
offers himself for re-appointment.
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
4. To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following
resolution as an ORDINARY RESOLUTION:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section
148 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the
Companies Act, 2013, the Companies (Audit and Auditors)
Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Cost Records and Audit)
Rules, 2014, (including any statutory modification(s) or
re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force),
remuneration payable to M/s. R.J. Goel & Co., Cost
Accountants (Firm Registration No. 000026), appointed
by the Board of Directors (“the Board”) to conduct the audit
of the cost records of the Company for the financial year
ending 31 st March, 2027, amounting to ` 4,50,000/-
(Rupees Four Lakh Fifty Thousand only) plus applicable
tax and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses, if any,
be and is hereby ratified and confirmed.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board (including any
Committee thereof) of the Company be and is hereby
authorised to do all acts and take all such steps and give
all directions as it may in its absolute discretion deem
necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this
resolution.”
By order of the Board
For India Glycols Limited
Place: Noida Ankur Jain
Date : 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
Registered Office:
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road,
Kashipur-244713, District Udham
Singh Nagar, Uttarakhand
CIN: L24111UR1983PLC009097
Telephone No.: +91-5947-269000, 269500
Fax: +91-5947-275315, 269535
Website: www.indiaglycols.com
E-mail : compliance.officer@indiaglycols.com
Notice
NOTES:
1. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) has vide its
circular Nos. 20/2020, 02/2021, 19/2021, 02/2022, 10/
2022, 09/2023, 09/2024 and 03/2025 dated 5th May, 2020,
13th January, 2021, 8 th December, 2021, 5 th May, 2022,
28th  December, 2022, 25 th  September, 2023 ,19 th
September, 2024 and 22nd September, 2025 respectively,
read together with circular nos. 14/2020 and 17/2020 dated
8th April, 2020 and 13th April, 2020, respectively, and other
connected circulars (hereinafter collectively referred to as
“MCA Circulars”) permitted convening of the Annual
General Meeting (“AGM”) through Video Conferencing
(“VC”)/ Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) facility,
without the physical presence of the Members at a
common venue. Further, Securities and Exchange Board
of India (“SEBI”) (Listing Obligations Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing
Regulations”) has also provided the relaxation from the
applicability of Regulation 44(4) of the SEBI Listing
Regulations for the general meetings held only through
electronic mode. Accordingly, in compliance with
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the
Act") read with MCA Circular and SEBI Listing Regulations,
the 42nd AGM of the Company is being convened through
VC/ OAVM. Hence, Members can attend and participate
in the ensuing AGM through VC/ OAVM only. The deemed
venue for the AGM shall be the Registered Office of the
Company at A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur
- 244713, Distt. Udham Singh Nagar, Uttarakhand.
2. Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, a Member
entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to
appoint a proxy to attend and vote on his/her behalf
and the proxy need not be a Member of the Company.
Since this AGM is being held through VC/OAVM
facility, requirement of physical attendance of
Members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, in
terms of the MCA Circulars and the SEBI Listing
Regulations, the facility for appointment of proxies
by the Members will not be available for the 42nd AGM
and hence, the proxy form, attendance slip and route
map of the AGM venue are not annexed to this Notice.
3. Corporate Members intending to appoint their
representatives for the purpose of voting through remote
e-voting, participation in the 42nd AGM through VC/OAVM
facility and e-voting during the 42 nd AGM, are requested
to send to the Company a certified copy of the relevant
Board Resolution authorizing their representatives. The
said resolution/authorisation should be sent to the
[[page 11]]
3
scrutinizer through its registered e-mail address to
ashish@asandco.net  with a copy marked to
compliance.officer@indiaglycols.com .
4. An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the
Act, setting out all material facts in respect of Special
Business to be transacted at the AGM is annexed hereto
and forms part of this Notice.
5. The Members can join the 42 nd AGM through VC/OAVM
15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the
commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure
mentioned in the Notice. The facility for joining the AGM
through VC/OAVM will be available for 1,000 Members
on first come first served basis. However, this number does
not include the large shareholders (i.e. Shareholders
holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional
Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the
Chairpersons of the Audit, Nomination and Remuneration
and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, Auditors etc.
who are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on
account of first come first served basis in terms of the
MCA Circulars.
6. Members attending the 42 nd AGM through VC/OAVM will
be counted for the purpose of reckoning quorum under
Section 103 of the Act.
7. In case of joint holders attending the AGM, the Member
whose name appears as the first holder in the order of
names as per the Register of Members of the Company
will be entitled to vote.
8. In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars and SEBI
Listing Regulations, the Notice of the 42nd AGM, inter-alia,
indicating the process and manner of voting through
electronic means along with the Annual Report for FY
2025-26 is being sent only through electronic mode to
those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered
with the Company/Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA)/
Depositories, unless any Member has requested for a
physical copy of the same.
Additionally, in compliance with Regulation 36(1)(b) of the
SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company shall send a letter
to Members whose e-mail id(s) are not registered with
Company/ Depository Participants (DPs)/ RTA, providing
the web-link, including the exact path, where the Notice
and Annual Report for FY 2025-26 can be accessed.
To obtain copy of Annual Report for FY 2025-26
through electronic mode, the Members are requested
to register/update their e-mail IDs by following the
below procedure:-
(i) Members holding shares in physical mode are
requested to register/update their e-mail
addresses by writing to the RTA at 179-180, DSIDC
Shed, 3rd Floor Okhla Industrial Area, Phase – 1
New Delhi – 110020 or e-mail at
admin@mcsregistrars.com  along with the copy
of the signed request letter mentioning the name,
folio number and address of the Member, self-
attested copy of the PAN card, self-attested copy
of Aadhar Card and copy of share certificate (front
& back).
(ii) Members holding shares in dematerialized mode
are requested to register/update their e-mail
addresses by following the process mentioned
above for Physical Holding and send 16 digit DPID
& Client ID in place of Folio No. along with
scanned copy of self-attested Client Master copy
or consolidated Demat Account Statement.
However, for permanent registration of e-mail address,
Members should contact their respective Depository
Participants ("DPs").
After successful registration of the e-mail address, a
copy of the Notice along with the Remote E-voting
user ID and password will be sent to your registered
e-mail address.
In case of any queries/difficulties in registering the e-
mail address or any other matter related to this Notice,
Members may write to the Company at
compliance.officer@indiaglycols.com .
The Notice convening the 42 nd AGM has been uploaded
on the website of the Company at www.indiaglycols.com
under Investor Relations Section and can also be
accessed from the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e.
BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India
Limited at www.bseindia.com  and www.nseindia.com ,
respectively and the same is also available on the website
of NSDL (agency for providing the Remote e-Voting facility)
i.e. www.evoting.nsdl.com .
9. Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Fifth
Amendment) Regulations, 2025 effective from 19 th
November, 2025 read with SEBI Master Circular No. HO/
38/13/(4)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/4298/2026 dated 6 th
February, 2026, has mandated that any payment of
Dividend shall be made only through electronic mode.
Further, dividend warrants, cheques, demand draft or any
other instruments are no longer required to be issued.
During the FY 2025-26, an interim dividend of ` 7.50/- per
equity share of ` 5/- each was paid 27 th March, 2026
onwards by the Company, and in pursuance to the above
provisions, the Company has withheld the same for those
Shareholders whose KYC including bank details were
incomplete or invalid or not registered with the RTA or
DPs as the case may be. The Company has individually
communicated the same to the concerned Shareholders,
requesting them to update their KYC and bank account
details to facilitate release of the withheld dividend.
In view of the above, the Members are requested to update
their bank account(s) and KYC details with Company/RTA
(if shares held in physical form) and their Depository
Participant (if shares held in electronic form). Members
may refer to Note No. 24 (a) for the detailed procedure to
update their relevant details including KYC and PAN.
[[page 12]]
4
10. Pursuant to the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961,
as amended by the Finance Act, 2020, dividend paid or
distributed by a Company on or after 1 st April, 2020 is
taxable in the hands of the Members, therefore, the
Company made the payment of interim dividend for FY
2025-26 after deducting tax at source as per the prescribed
rates. The Company will send the TDS certificate to the
Members on their registered e-mail ids in due course.
Members will also be able to see the credit of TDS in Form
26AS, which can be downloaded from their e-filing account
at https://eportal.incometax.gov.in/ . The communication
sent by the Company to the Shareholders in this regard,
can be accessed under Investor Relations Section at the
Company’s website i.e. https://www.indiaglycols.com/wp-
content/uploads/Communication-in-respect-to-Deduction-
of-Tax-at-source-on-Interim-Dividend-for-FY-25-26.pdf
11. In pursuance to the provisions of Section 124 and 125 of
the Act read with Investor Education and Protection Fund
Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules,
2016, as amended, (“IEPF rules”) read with relevant
circulars, the amount of dividend remaining unpaid /
unclaimed for a period of seven years from the due date
is required to be transferred to the credit of the Investor
Education and Protection Fund (“the IEPF”) established
by the Central Government. Accordingly, during FY 2025-
26, the Company transferred ` 21,01,448/- related to final
dividend for FY 2017-18. Further, pursuant to the
applicable provisions, all shares in respect of which
dividend remained unpaid/ unclaimed for seven
consecutive years or more are required to be transferred
to the designated demat account of the IEPF Authority
(“IEPF Account”). Accordingly, during the FY 2025-26,
1,10,434 equity shares of ` 5/- each, on which the dividend
remained unpaid/ unclaimed for seven consecutive years,
were transferred to the IEPF Account, after completing all
the procedural formalities in this regard.
The Company has uploaded the details of unpaid and
unclaimed dividends lying with the Company on the
website of the IEPF i.e. www.iepf.gov.in. These details
along with details of Shareholders whose shares were
transferred to the IEPF authority have also been uploaded
on the website of the Company at https://
www.indiaglycols.com/compliances/ .
Members may note that the due date of transfer of
unclaimed/unpaid final dividend declared for the FY 2018-
19 and the concerned shares is 19 th September, 2026.
Therefore, Members who have not claimed the dividend
so far are requested to claim the same to avoid transferring
to the unpaid/unclaimed dividend and respective shares
to the IEPF Authority and IEPF Account, respectively.
The Members may also note that no claim shall lie against
the Company in respect of said dividend(s) and shares,
upon their transfer to IEPF. However, the same can be
claimed back from IEPF after complying with the procedure
prescribed under the IEPF rules by visiting the weblink:
http://iepf.gov.in/IEPF/refund.html . For any related
information, the RTA (e-mail: admin@mcsregistrars.com)
or the Company may also be contacted.
12. Shri Alok Singhal (DIN: 10359043), aged 57 years (DOB:
7th May, 1969), Director shall retire by rotation at the 42 nd
AGM and is eligible for re-appointment as per item No. 3
of this Notice. He is an Executive Director of the Company
since 1st December, 2023.
He is a Chemical Engineer. He has completed his
graduation and masters from BITS, Pilani. He has
professional experience of about 35 years in the field of
Plant Operations and Project Management. He joined IGL,
Kashipur in 1991 as a graduate engineer trainee in
Company’s MEG plant and rose to the level of Head –
Operations in year 2019. He has vast experience of
handling various aspects of plant operations, technical
services, project management etc. for the Company. He
has also been involved in day to day management of
Kashipur Unit. He has been successfully discharging the
functions of an Occupier of all the Plants.
During his tenure at IGL, he has played a key role in
implementing various expansion projects, initiatives of
Productivity improvement, cost & energy optimization,
water conservation, environmental preservation in all
facets of the Kashipur Unit.
The Company has received relevant disclosure/consent
from Shri Alok Singhal as applicable in pursuance to the
provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations.
He is not having Directorship in other companies and has
not resigned as a Director of any listed company during
the last 3 years. He is a member of Audit Committee,
Finance Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility
Committee, Share Transfer Committee and Risk
Management Committee of the Company. He has
attended all the seven Board Meetings held during FY
2025-26 and was paid remuneration of ` 1,05,53,721 for
FY 2025-26. As on 31 st March, 2026, he was holding 20
equity shares of the Company. None of the other
Director(s) or KMP(s) are interested in the item except
Shri Alok Singhal. Further, he is not related to any
Director(s) and KMP(s) of the Company. The terms and
conditions of his appointment and remuneration are as
per the resolution passed by the Members of the Company
through Postal Ballot on 25 th December, 2023. He was
appointed as an Executive Director, liable to retire by
rotation.
13. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
and their shareholding, maintained under Section 170 of
the Act and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in
which the Directors are interested, maintained under
Section 189 of the Act will be available electronically for
inspection by the Members during the 42 nd AGM, upon
log-in to NSDL e-Voting system at https://
www.evoting.nsdl.com .
14. All documents referred to in the Notice Convening 42 nd
AGM and the Explanatory Statement shall be made
available electronically for inspection by the Members upto
the date of 42 nd AGM. Members who wish to inspect the
same may write to the Company at
[[page 13]]
5
compliance.officer@indiaglycols.com  by mentioning their
name and Folio No./DPID and Client ID.
15. Voting through electronic means and joining of AGM
electronically:
I. In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of
the Act and Rule 20 of the Companies (Management
and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended,
Regulation 44 of SEBI Listing Regulations, as
amended and MCA Circulars, the Company is pleased
to provide the Members facility to exercise their right
to vote by electronics means on all the resolutions
set forth in the Notice convening the 42 nd AGM. The
facility of casting the votes by the Members using an
electronic voting system from a place other than venue
of the AGM (“remote e-voting”) as well as e-voting
facility on the day of AGM will be provided by National
Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”). Resolution(s)
passed by Members through remote e-voting is/ are
deemed to have been passed as if they have been
passed at the AGM.
II. The Members who have casted their vote by remote
e-voting prior to the AGM may also attend/participate
in the AGM through VC/OAVM but shall not be entitled
to cast their vote again at the AGM.
III. The remote e-voting period will commence on
Saturday, 15 th August, 2026 (9:00 A.M.) and end
on Tuesday, 18th August, 2026 (5:00 P.M.). During
this period, Members of the Company, holding
shares either in physical form or in dematerialized
form, as on the cut-off date of Wednesday, 12 th
August, 2026, may cast their vote by remote e-
voting. The remote e-voting module shall be
disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. Once the
vote on a resolution is cast by the Member, he/
she shall not be allowed to change it subsequently
or cast the vote again.
IV. Members can opt for only one mode of voting i.e.
remote e-voting or e-voting system at the 42 nd AGM.
V. The process and manner for remote e-voting and
attending General Meeting are as under:
Process and manner for remote e-voting:
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting
system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned
below.
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General
Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual
meeting for Individual shareholders holding
securities in demat mode.
In terms of SEBI circular dated 9 th December, 2020
on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies,
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat
mode are allowed to vote through their demat account
maintained with Depositories and Depository
Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their
mobile number and e-mail id in their demat accounts
in order to access e-Voting facility.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding
securities in demat mode is given below.
Type of Login Method
shareholders
1. For OTP based login you can click on 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp .
You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-
digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and
generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on
registered e-mail id/mobile number and click
on login. After successful authentication, you
will be redirected to NSDL Depository site
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on
company name or e-Voting service provider
i.e. NSDL  and you will be redirected to e-
Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote
during the remote e-Voting period or joining
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services
website of NSDL Viz. https://
eservices.nsdl.com  either on a Personal
Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services
home page click on the “Beneficial Owner”
icon under “Login” which is available under
‘IDeAS’ section, this will prompt you to enter
your existing User ID and Password. After
successful authentication, you will be able to
see e-Voting services under Value added
services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under
e-Voting services and you will be able to see
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-
Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will
be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL
for casting your vote during the remote e-
Voting period or joining virtual meeting &
voting during the meeting.
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-
Services, option to register is available at
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp .
Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web
browser by typing the following URL: https://
www.evoting.nsdl.com/  either on a Personal
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page
of e-Voting system is launched, click on the
icon “Login” which is available under
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen
will open. You will have to enter your User ID
(i.e. your sixteen-digit demat account number
hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a
Verification Code as shown on the screen.
After successful authentication, you will be
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein
you can see e-Voting page. Click on company
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL
and you will be redirected to e-Voting website
of NSDL for casting your vote during the
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual
meeting & voting during the meeting.
Individual
Shareholders
holding
securities in
demat mode
with NSDL
[[page 14]]
6
Type of Login Method
shareholders
5. Shareholders/Members can also download
NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by
scanning the QR code mentioned below for
seamless voting experience.
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest
facility, can login through their existing user
id and password. Option will be made available
to reach e-Voting page without any further
authentication. The users to login Easi /
Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website
www.cdslindia.com  and click on login icon &
New System Myeasi Tab and then use your
existing my easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user
will be able to see the e-Voting option for
eligible companies where the evoting is in
progress as per the information provided by
company. On clicking the evoting option, the
user will be able to see e-Voting page of the
e-Voting service provider for casting your vote
during the remote e-Voting period or joining
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
Additionally, there is also links provided to
access the system of all e-Voting Service
Providers, so that the user can visit the e-
Voting service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest,
option to register is available at CDSL website
www.cdslindia.com  and click on login & New
System Myeasi Tab and then click on
registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-
Voting page by providing Demat Account
Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link
available on www.cdslindia.com home page.
The system will authenticate the user by
sending OTP on registered Mobile & e-mail
as recorded in the Demat Account. After
successful authentication, user will be able to
see the e-Voting option where the evoting is
in progress and able to directly access the
system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
You can also login using the login credentials of
your demat account through your Depository
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-
Voting facility.
Upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting
option.
Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected
to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting
feature.
Click on company name or e-Voting service
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to
e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote
during the remote e-Voting period or joining
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve
User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User
Individual
Shareholders
holding
securities in
demat mode
with CDSL
Individual
Shareholders
(holding
securities in
demat mode)
login through
their
depository
participants
ID and Forget Password option available at
abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding
securities in demat mode for any technical issues
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and
CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Members facing any technical issue in
login can contact NSDL helpdesk by
sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com
or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Members facing any technical issue in
login can contact CDSL helpdesk by
sending a request at
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com  or
contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual
meeting for shareholders other than Individual
shareholders holding securities in demat mode
and shareholders holding securities in physical
mode.
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web
browser by typing the following URL:
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  either on a
Personal Computer or on a mobile.
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is
launched, click on the icon "Login" which is
available under 'Shareholder/Member' section.
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter
your User ID, your Password/OTP and a
Verification Code as shown on the screen.
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL
eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at
https://eservices.nsdl.com/  with your existing
IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices
after using your log-in credentials, click on e-
Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast
your vote electronically.
4. Your User ID details are given below:
Manner of holding shares Your User ID is:
i.e. Demat(NSDL or CDSL)
or Physical
a) For Members who 8 Character DP ID followed by
hold shares in demat 8 Digit Client ID
account with NSDL. For example if your DP ID is
IN300*** and Client ID is 12******
then your user ID is
IN300***12******.
b) For Members who 16 Digit Beneficiary ID
hold shares in demat For example if your Beneficiary ID
account with CDSL. is 12************** then your
user ID is 12**************
c) For Members holding EVEN Number followed by Folio
shares in Physical Number registered with the
Form. company
For example if folio number is
001*** and EVEN is 101456 then
user ID is 101456001***
Individual Shareholders
holding securities in
demat mode with NSDL
Individual Shareholders
holding securities in
demat mode with CDSL
[[page 15]]
7
5. Password details for shareholders other than
Individual shareholders are given below:
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting,
then you can user your existing password to
login and cast your vote.
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for
the first time, you will need to retrieve the
'initial password' which was communicated
to you. Once you retrieve your 'initial
password', you need to enter the 'initial
password' and the system will force you to
change your password.
c) How to retrieve your 'initial password'?
(i) If your e-mail ID is registered in your
demat account or with the company,
your 'initial password' is communicated
to you on your e-mail ID. Trace the e-
mail sent to you from NSDL from your
mailbox. Open the e-mail and open the
attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf
file. The password to open the .pdf file
is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL
account, last 8 digits of client ID for
CDSL account or folio number for
shares held in physical form. The .pdf
file contains your 'User ID' and your
'initial password'.
(ii) If your e-mail ID is not registered, please
follow steps mentioned below in process
for those shareholders whose e-mail ids
are not registered.
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received
the "Initial password" or have forgotten your
password:
a) Click on " Forgot User Details/
Password?"(If you are holding shares in
your demat account with NSDL or CDSL)
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com .
b) " Physical User Reset Password? " (If you
are holding shares in physical mode) option
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com .
c) If you are still unable to get the password by
aforesaid two options, you can send a
request at evoting@nsdl.com  mentioning
your demat account number/folio number,
your PAN, your name and your registered
address etc.
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time
Password) based login for casting the votes
on the e-Voting system of NSDL.
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to
"Terms and Conditions" by selecting on the check
box.
8. Now, you will have to click on "Login" button.
9. After you click on the "Login" button, Home page
of e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join
General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system:
How to cast your vote electronically and join
General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able
to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you
are holding shares and whose voting cycle and
General Meeting is in active status.
2. Select “EVEN” of India Glycols Limited to cast
your vote during the remote e-Voting period and
casting your vote during the General Meeting.
For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on
“VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join Meeting”.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting
page opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options
i.e. assent or dissent, verify/ modify the number
of shares for which you wish to cast your vote
and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when
prompted.
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast
successfully” will be displayed.
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast
by you by clicking on the print option on the
confirmation page.
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution,
you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
(a) Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send
scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant
Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with
attested specimen signature of the duly
authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to
vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to
ashish@asandco.net  with a copy marked to
evoting@nsdl.com Institutional shareholders (i.e.
other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also
upload their Board Resolution/Power of Attorney/
Authority Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload
Board Resolution/Authority Letter” displayed
under “e-Voting” tab in their login.
(b) It is strongly recommended not to share your
password with any other person and take utmost
care to keep your password confidential. Login
to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five
unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct
password. In such an event, you will need to go
through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or
“Physical User Reset Password?” option
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com  to reset the
password.
(c) In case of any queries, you may refer the
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for
Shareholders and e-voting user manual for
Shareholders available at the download section
[[page 16]]
8
of www.evoting.nsdl.com  or call on.: 022 - 4886
7000 or send a request to Pallavi Mhatre, deputy
Vice President, NSDL at evoting@nsdl.com.
Process for those shareholders whose e-mail ids
are not registered with the depositories for
procuring user id and password and registration
of email for e-voting for the resolutions set out in
this notice:
1. In case shares are held in physical mode, please
provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN
(self attested scanned copy of PAN card),
AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar
Card) by e-mail to
compliance.officer@indiaglycols.com  or to the
RTA at admin@mcsregistrars.com .
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please
provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy
of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self
attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR
(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to
compliance.officer@indiaglycols.com  or to the
RTA at admin@mcsregistrars.com . If you are an
Individual shareholder holding securities in demat
mode, you are requested to refer to the login
method explained at step 1 (A) above i.e. Login
method for e-Voting and joining virtual
meeting for Individual shareholders holding
securities in demat mode.
3. Alternatively, shareholders/members may send
a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user
id and password for e-voting by providing above
mentioned documents.
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated 9 th December,
2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed
Companies, Individual shareholders holding
securities in demat mode are allowed to vote
through their demat account maintained with
Depositories and Depository Participants.
Shareholders are required to update their mobile
number and e-mail ID correctly in their demat
account in order to access e-Voting facility.
Process and manner for e-voting on the day of
the 42nd AGM
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the 42 nd
AGM is same as the instructions mentioned
above for remote e-voting.
2. Only those Members/Shareholders, who will be
present in the 42 nd AGM through VC/ OAVM
facility and have not casted their vote on the
Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are
otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be
eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the
42nd AGM.
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-
Voting will be eligible to attend the 42 nd AGM.
However, they will not be eligible to vote at the
42nd AGM.
4. The details of the person who may be contacted
for any grievances connected with the facility for
e-Voting on the day of the AGM shall be the same
person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
Process and manner for attending the AGM
through VC/OAVM:
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend
the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL
e-Voting system. Members may access by
following the steps mentioned above for Access
to NSDL e-Voting system.  After successful
login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed
under “Join meeting” menu against company
name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM
link placed under Join General Meeting menu.
The link for VC/OAVM will be available in
Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of
Company will be displayed. The Members who
do not have the User ID and Password for e-
Voting or have forgotten the User ID and
Password may retrieve the same by following the
remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the
Notice to avoid last minute rush.
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting
through Laptops for better experience.
3. Further, Members will be required to allow
Camera and use Internet with a good speed to
avoid any disturbance during the meeting.
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from
Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience
Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their
respective network. It is therefore recommended
to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate
any kind of aforesaid glitches.
5. Members who would like to express their views
or ask questions during the 42 nd AGM may
register themselves as a speaker by sending their
request from their registered e-mail address
mentioning their name, demat account number/
folio number, e-mail id, mobile number at
compliance.officer@indiaglycols.com  from
Tuesday, 11 th August, 2026 (9:00 A.M.) to
Friday, 14th August, 2026 (5:00 P.M.).
6. Those Members who have registered themselves
as a speaker will only be allowed to express their
views/ask questions during the 42 nd AGM. The
Company reserves the right to restrict the number
of speakers depending on the availability of time
for the AGM.
[[page 17]]
9
16. Members may submit their queries, if any, on the financial
statements or on any agenda item proposed in this Notice
at least 7 days prior to the date of the 42 nd AGM from
their registered e-mail address, mentioning their name,
DP ID and Client ID number/ folio number and mobile
number at Company’s e-mail address at
compliance.officer@indiaglycols.com  or write to the
Company’s Head Office at Plot No. 2-B, Sector-126, Distt.
Gautam Budh Nagar, Noida-201304, Uttar Pradesh. Such
queries by the Members shall be suitably replied by the
Company.
17. The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion
to their share in the paid up equity share capital of
the Company as on the cut-off date of Wednesday,
12th August, 2026. A person who is not a Member as
on the cut-off date should treat this Notice for
information only.
18. Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and
becomes Member of the Company after the Company
sends the Notice of the 42nd AGM and holds shares as on
the cut-off date i.e. Wednesday, 12th August, 2026, may
obtain the User ID and password by sending a request at
evoting@nsdl.com  or to the RTA at
admin@mcsregistrars.com . However, if you are already
registered with NSDL for remote e-voting then you can
use your existing user ID and password for casting your
vote. If you forgot your password, you can reset your
password by using “Forgot User Details/ Password?” or
“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on
www.evoting.nsdl.com .
19. A person, whose name is recorded in the register of
Members or in the register of beneficial owners maintained
by the Depositories as on the cut-off date i.e. Wednesday,
12th August, 2026, only shall be entitled to avail the facility
of remote e-voting or voting at the 42 nd AGM through e-
voting system.
20. Shri Ashish Saxena (C.P. No. 7096) of Ashish Saxena &
Co., Company Secretaries, having their office at 403,
Grand Plaza, Raj Nagar Extension, Ghaziabad, Uttar
Pradesh-201017 has been appointed as the Scrutinizer
to scrutinize the remote e-voting process and casting
voting through e-voting system during the 42 nd AGM in a
fair and transparent manner.
21. The Chairman shall, at the AGM, at the end of discussion
on the resolutions on which voting is to be held, allow
voting with the assistance of Scrutinizer, by use of e-voting
system for all those Members who are participating in the
AGM but have not cast their votes by availing the remote
e-voting facility.
22. The Scrutinizer shall, after the conclusion of voting at the
42nd AGM, unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting
and e-voting system at the AGM, in the presence of at
least two witnesses not in the employment of the Company
and shall make a consolidated scrutinizer’s report of the
total votes cast in favour or against, invalid votes, if any,
and whether the resolution has been carried or not, and
such Report shall then be submitted to the Chairman or a
person authorized by him in writing, within two working
days of the 42 nd AGM, who shall countersign the same
and declare the result of the voting forthwith.
23. The Results declared along with the report of the
Scrutinizer shall be placed on the website of the Company
www.indiaglycols.com  and on the website of NSDL
www.evoting.nsdl.com  and the results shall also be
simultaneously communicated to the BSE Limited (“BSE”)
and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”).
24. MEMBERS ARE REQUESTED TO :
a. Note that the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/
MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/91 dated 23rd June,
2025 as updated vide SEBI Master Circular No. HO/
38/13/(4)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/4298/2026 dated 6 th
February, 2026 has prescribed, inter-alia, common
and simplified norms for processing investor’s service
request by Registrar and Share Transfer Agents
(“RTAs”) and norms for furnishing PAN, KYC details
(i.e. Contact details- Postal address with PIN, Mobile
Number, E-mail address, Bank account details - bank
and branch name, bank account number, IFS Code
etc. and Specimen Signature) and Nomination details.
Also, linkage of PAN with Aadhar has been made
mandatory.
In view of the above, it is mandatory to furnish PAN,
KYC details and Nomination details by holders of
physical securities to the RTA. Accordingly, in
pursuance to the above circulars and provisions of
Section 72 of the Act, the facility for making nomination
is available for the Members in respect of the shares
held by them. Members holding shares in physical
form are requested to submit their PAN, KYC details
and Nomination details by sending duly filled and
signed Form ISR-1 (request for registering/change/
updation of PAN, KYC details), ISR-2 (signature of
shareholder), SH-13 (nomination), SH-14
(cancellation/variation in nomination), ISR-3 (opting
out of Nomination) to the RTA at 179-180, DSIDC
Shed, 3rd Floor Okhla Industrial Area, Phase – 1 New
Delhi – 110020 or e-mail at
admin@mcsregistrars.com .
The Members who are holding shares in demat mode
are requested to update their bank and other KYC
details with their Depository Participant.
Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as
amended, mandates that transfer, transmission and
transposition of securities of listed companies held in
physical form shall be effected only in demat mode.
To facilitate ease of investing for holders of securities
in physical form, and in line with SEBI Circular No.
HO/38/13/11(2)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3750/2026 dated
30th January 2026, the Company has opened an
additional special window for a period of one year
from 5 th February 2026 to 4 th February 2027 for
lodgement of transfer deeds and dematerialisation of
physical securities sold or purchased prior to 1st April
2019. The window is applicable to shareholders
whose transfer requests were either not lodged or
were rejected/returned due to documentation
deficiencies.
[[page 18]]
10
Further, SEBI has also mandated that the listed
companies shall henceforth issue the securities in
dematerialized form only while processing the service
requests such as transmission, transposition, Issue
of duplicate securities certificate, claim from
Unclaimed Suspense Account, renewal/exchange of
securities certificate, endorsement, sub-division/
splitting of securities certificate, consolidation of
securities certificates/ folios of securities. Accordingly,
Members are requested to make service requests by
submitting a duly filled in and signed Form ISR-4.
Any service requests or complaints received from the
Members, are being processed by the RTA on receipt
of prescribed documents/details.
The requisite forms are available on the website of
the Company at www.indiaglycols.com under Investor
Relations Section and are also available on the
website of the Company’s RTA.
In view of the above, Members holding shares in
physical form are requested to consider converting
their holdings to demat mode.
b. Immediately notify any change of address, e-mail
address, change of name, contact numbers, bank
details, bank mandates, nominations, power of
attorney etc. and their PAN to their DP with whom
they maintain their demat account. Non-resident
Indian Members are requested to inform the RTA/
respective DP, immediately of change in their
residential status on return to India for permanent
settlement and the particulars of their bank account
maintained in India with complete name, branch,
account type, account number and address of the
bank with pin code number, if not furnished earlier.
c. Note that in order to receive faster communication
and enable the Company to serve the Members
better and to support the “Green Initiative”,
Members are requested to register/update their
e-mail address(es) by sending the same along
with the name, address, Folio No. / DPID & Client
ID, shares held:
I. To the RTA in the prescribed form mentioned
at point (a) above for shares held in physical
form and;
II. To their respective Depository Participants in
respect of shares held in demat mode.
Upon registration of the e-mail address(es), the
Company proposes to send Notices, Annual Report
and other documents/communications to those
Members via electronic mode/e-mail.
25. SEBI had mandated that effective from 1 st April, 2019,
securities of listed companies can only be transferred in
dematerialized form. Therefore, the Company has not
been accepting any request for transfer of shares in
physical form w.e.f. 1 st April, 2019.
26. SEBI vide its Master Circular SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-
3/P/ CIR/2023/195 dated 31 st July, 2023 (updated as on
28th December 2023), has introduced Online Dispute
Resolution (“ODR”), which is in addition to the existing
SCORES platform which can be utilized by the investors
and the Company for dispute resolution. Please note that
the investors can initiate dispute resolution through the
ODR portal only after exhausting the option to resolve
dispute with the Company and on the SCORES platform.
The SMART ODR portal can be accessed at
https://smartodr.in/login .
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION
102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
The following statement sets out all the material facts related
to Special Business mentioned under item no. 4 of the Notice
dated 14th May, 2026.
ITEM NO. 4
The Board of Directors (“the Board”) of the Company on the
recommendation of the Audit Committee, at their meeting held
on 14th May, 2026 approved the appointment of M/s R.J. Goel
& Co., Cost Accountants to conduct the audit of cost records
of the Company for the financial year ending 31st March, 2027
at a remuneration of ` 4,50,000/- (Rupees Four Lakh Fifty
Thousand only) plus applicable tax and reimbursement of out-
of-pocket expenses, if any. While appointing them, the Audit
Committee and the Board have considered, inter-alia,
experience, team size, domain expertise and scope of work to
be undertaken by them.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies
Act, 2013 read with Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and
Auditors) Rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost
Auditor, as recommended by the Audit Committee and
approved by the Board has to be ratified by the Members of
the Company.
Accordingly, consent of the Members is being sought by way
of an Ordinary Resolution for ratification of the remuneration
payable to the cost auditor for the financial year 2026-27.
None of the Directors/Key Managerial Personnel of the
Company or their respective relatives are in any way,
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the Ordinary
Resolution at Item No. 4 of the Notice.
The Board recommends the resolution set out at item No. 4 of
this Notice for approval of the Members as an Ordinary
Resolution.
By order of the Board
For India Glycols Limited
Place: Noida Ankur Jain
Date : 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
Registered Office:
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road,
Kashipur-244713, District Udham
Singh Nagar, Uttarakhand
CIN: L24111UR1983PLC009097
Telephone No.: +91-5947-269000, 269500
Fax: +91-5947-275315, 269535
Website: www.indiaglycols.com
E-mail : compliance.officer@indiaglycols.com
[[page 19]]
11
To The Members
Your Directors are pleased to present the 42 nd Annual Report
on the business and operations of the Company, together with
the Audited Financial Statements of your Company for the
financial year ended 31 st March, 2026.
Financial Results
(` in crore)
(except earnings per share)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
31st March, 31 st March,
2026 2025
Gross Sales and other income* 9,869.71 9,052.37
Earnings before interest, taxes, 690.09 521.34
depreciation and amortization
Exceptional item 0.83 -
Profit /(loss) before tax 366.70 241.78
Provision for tax 84.37 61.40
Net profit/(loss) 282.33 180.38
Earnings per share (in `````) 44.31 29.13
(Basic and Diluted)
* Includes State Excise Duty, as applicable.
Dividend
During the year under review, your Board of Directors in its
meeting held on 17th March, 2026 had declared interim dividend
of ` 7.50/- (Rupees Seven and Fifty paisa only) per equity
share of face value of ` 5/- each (@ 150%) for the Financial
Year 2025-26 to all those who were shareholders as on 23 rd
March, 2026, being the record date fixed for this purpose.
The total outgo on account of dividend was ` 50.27 crore. The
Board has not recommended any final dividend and
accordingly, the interim dividend of ` 7.50/- (Rupees Seven
and Fifty paisa only) per equity share declared on 17 th March,
2026 shall be considered as the final dividend pay-out for the
Financial Year 2025-26. Hence, the total dividend for the
Financial Year 2025-26 remains ` 7.50/- (Rupees Seven and
Fifty paisa only) per equity share of ` 5/- each.
In view of the changes made under the Income-tax Act, 1961
by the Finance Act, 2020, dividend paid or distributed by the
Company is taxable in the hands of the Shareholders. The
Company had, accordingly, made the payment of the Interim
dividend after deduction of tax at source.
The dividend declared was in accordance with the Company’s
Dividend Distribution Policy (“the Policy”) adopted in pursuance
to the provisions of Regulation 43A of the SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,
as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”). The Policy contains
broad parameters and factors while recommending/declaring
dividend(s) by the Board of Directors. The Policy is available
on the Company’s website at https://www.indiaglycols.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Dividend-distribution-policy.pdf .
Performance Review
FY26 marked another year of strong performance, extending
the Company’s consistent growth trajectory over the past three
years. All key business segments spanning Bio-Chemicals,
Spirits, Bio-Fuels and Ennature Bio Pharma continued to deliver
resilient earnings, driven by strategic focus on premiumization,
sustainability and operational excellence. The highlight of the
year was successful completion of capital raising of ` 466.99
crore through preferential issue of equity shares which has
further strengthened the Company’s net worth and liquidity
position.
The planned capex on the distillery, New Value-Added
Chemical Products and Bio-Fuel Ethanol Plant has been
completed, and your Company is now leveraging its expanded
scale and capacities for growth. Strategic investments in
ethanol and green energy solutions have strengthened the
Company’s position in the renewable energy space and
supported long-term sustainability goals. The Company is
largely self-sufficient for its Alcohol requirements.
During the FY 2025-26, on a standalone basis, your Company
registered gross revenue of ` 9,870 crore as compared to
` 9,052 crore in FY 2024-25, an increase of over 9% indicating
consistent growth while the net revenue increased from ` 3,782
crore to ` 4,254 crore showing a growth of over 12%. The
profit after depreciation and tax for the FY 2025-26 was ` 282
crore in comparison of ` 180 crore in the FY 2024-25, a robust
increase of over 56%. Amid a challenging geo-political
landscape and a dynamic global pricing environment, the Bio-
based Specialties and Performance Chemicals (“BSPC”)
segment reported a decline of about 10% in revenue over the
previous year, whereas the margins were improved. Your
Company’s emphasis on specialty and value-added products
helped maintain margins and improve resilience. The Potable
Spirit segment remained the key growth engine, delivering
consistent revenue growth of over 7% and 14% on gross and
net revenue respectively, led by premium and value-added
offerings, improved brand positioning, expansion into new
domestic markets and channelising the Canteen Stores
Department (“CSD”) business. The focus on premiumisation
continued to enhance realisations and margins. The Bio-fuels
segment sustained its high-growth momentum with strong
revenue growth of over 40%, benefiting from favorable
regulatory policies promoting renewable energy and ethanol
blending and increased capacity utilization. Ennature Bio-
Pharma division delivered a resilient revenue, supported by
rising consumer preference for natural and wellness-oriented
products and continued expansion in nutraceutical and plant-
based offerings. Although revenue declined by 5% compared
with the previous year, the division continued to navigate a
challenging operating environment, with margins remaining
under pressure.
Depending upon the product mix and margins, the Company
continued to optimize the usage of imported alcohol and in-
house capacities. Under the current scenario, the outlook for
the near future remains positive.
Board’s Report
[[page 20]]
12
During the year under review, no amount was transferred to
reserves.
Material Changes and Commitments Affecting the
Financial Position of the Company
There were no material changes and commitments affecting
the financial position of the Company between the end of
financial year and date of this report. There has been no change
in the nature of the business of the Company.
Alteration to Memorandum and Articles of Association
During the year under review, your Board of Directors, at its
meeting held on 30th May, 2025, approved the alteration of the
Memorandum of Association (“MOA”) and the adoption of a
new set of Articles of Association (“AOA”) to align the existing
MOA and AOA with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
The said alterations were also approved by the Shareholders
of the Company by way of Special Resolutions passed through
Postal Ballot on 22 nd July, 2025.
Sub-division/Split of Equity Shares
With a view to enhance the liquidity of Company’s equity shares
in the capital market and to encourage wider participation of
investors by making equity shares of the Company more
affordable, your Board of Directors, at its meeting held on 30th
May, 2025, approved the Sub-division/Split of the 1 (One)
equity share having face value of ` 10/- (Rupees Ten only)
each, fully paid-up, into 2 (Two) equity shares, having face
value of ` 5/- each (Rupees Five only) each, fully paid-up, by
alteration in Capital Clause of the Memorandum of Association
(“MOA”) of the Company. Aforesaid alteration of MOA was
approved by the Shareholders of the Company through Postal
Ballot on 22nd July, 2025.
After the requisite approvals of the National Stock Exchange
of India Limited and BSE Limited ("Stock Exchanges") and the
depositories, New ISIN INE560A01023 was allotted to the
equity shares of your Company. The effect of change in face
value of the shares was reflected on the share price at the
Stock Exchanges where the Company is listed effective from
12th August, 2025 i.e. record date for the purpose of sub-
division/spilt of equity shares of your Company.
Preferential Issue
In order to improve the liquidity position of the Company, your
Board of Directors, at its meeting held on 16 th October, 2025
approved to raise ` 466.99 crore by way of a preferential issue
of 51,03,765 equity shares of face value ` 5 each at an issue
price of ` 915/- per share (including a premium of ` 910/-),
aggregating to ` 466.99 crore which was also approved by the
Members in their Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) held
on 12th November, 2025.
Thereafter, the Company allotted the aforesaid equity shares
on 24th November, 2025 to the persons belonging to promoter
and non-promoter categories, in accordance with the provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013, Securities and Exchange Board
of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2018 and other applicable laws.
During the year under review, the Company has fully utilised
the proceeds of preferential issue as per the object stated in
the Notice of EGM and there was no deviation or variation in
the utilisation of proceeds from the stated objects. Monitoring
Agency Report as issued in this regard by CARE Ratings
Limited, Monitoring Agency, confirming the same was
submitted with the Stock Exchanges.
Increase in Share Capital
Consequent to the above preferential allotment of equity
shares, during the year under review, the paid-up equity share
capital of the Company was increased from ` 30,96,15,000,
comprising 6,19,23,000 equity shares of face value of ` 5/-
each, to ` 33,51,33,825, comprising 6,70,26,765 equity shares
of face value of ` 5/- each.
There was no change in the Authorised Capital of the Company
which remain at ` 45,00,00,000, comprising 9,00,00,000 equity
share of face value of ` 5/- each.
Holding Company
During the year under review, consequent to the allotment of
equity shares under the preferential issue to the persons
belonging to promoter and non-promoter categories, the
shareholding of Kashipur Holdings Limited (“KHL”), the
promoter Company reduced to 49.77% from 50.35% and
accordingly, KHL ceased to be the Holding Company of the
Company with effect from 24 th November, 2025.
Scheme of Arrangement
During the year under review, the Board of Directors of the
Company at their meeting held on 16th May, 2025 had approved
Scheme of Arrangement amongst India Glycols Limited,
Ennature Bio Pharma Limited (“EBL”) and IGL Spirits Limited
(“ISL”) with their respective shareholders ("Scheme") involving
demerger of Bio Pharma Undertaking into EBL and Spirits and
Biofuel Undertaking into ISL, pursuant to the provisions of
Section 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules
framed thereunder.
Subsequent to the filling of the same with the Stock Exchanges,
the Company received No Objection/Observation Letters from
National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited on
17th and 19th November, 2025, respectively.
Thereafter, the Company along with EBL and ISL, filed the
First Motion Application before the Hon’ble National Company
Law Tribunal, Allahabad Bench, Prayagraj (“NCLT”). The
NCLT, vide order dated 15 th January, 2026 read with order
dated 16th February, 2026, allowed the same and, inter-alia:
a) Directed the Company to convene separate meetings of
its Equity Shareholders and Unsecured Creditors through
Video Conferencing on 24 th March, 2026;
b) Dispensed with the Meeting of Secured Creditors of the
Company;
c) Dispensed with the Meeting of Equity Shareholders of the
EBL and ISL and;
d) Waive off the requirement to convene meetings of Secured
and Unsecured Creditors of EBL and ISL, as there were
no such creditors;
Accordingly, the respective meetings were duly convened,
wherein the said Scheme was approved by the Equity
Shareholders and Unsecured Creditors of the Company.
[[page 21]]
13
Thereafter, the Company along with EBL and ISL, filed an
application (“Second Motion Petition”) before the NCLT under
the provisions of the Section 232 of the Act for sanction of the
Scheme. The NCLT vide its order dated 9th April, 2026, allowed
the Company’s application and the matter is pending for further
hearing before the NCLT. The Company will undertake
necessary actions as may be directed by the NCLT or any
other statutory authority in relation the Scheme.
Credit Ratings
During the Financial Year 2025-26, CARE Ratings Limited
(“CARE”), a credit rating Agency, has kept the rating unchanged
for the long-term/short-term bank facilities of the Company.
However, Placed on Rating Watch with Developing Implications
(RWD), owing to restructuring actions being taken the
Company.
The instrument wise ratings details are given in Corporate
Governance Report which forms part of this Report.
Bio-Based Specialities and Performance Chemicals
Bio-based Glycols, Bio-Polymers and Industrial Gases
IGL occupies a prominent position in the manufacturing space
of bio-based glycols, ethanol, and industrial gases. Anchored
by its commitment for sustainability, the Company continues
to expand its presence across sectors through the use of
renewable feedstocks, technology-driven processes, and
purposeful strategic partnerships — contributing meaningfully
to global sustainability goals.
The Glycols  (essentially MEG) market remained subdued
throughout the fiscal 2025-26, due to global overcapacity which
led to soft prices. During the period under review, the market
faced “hyper-competitiveness.” MEG prices were volatile,
though demand stayed resilient due to the strong polyester
and PET (packaging) sectors.
For the current year 2026-27, the demand is driven by mainly
textile industry and partly by PET/packaging industry. DEG
market is expected to grow with key drivers being the
construction boom (paints/adhesives). In this Glycols industry
segment, IGL continues to remain a unique manufacturer of
Bio-Glycols offering a drop in substitute with low carbon
solutions in the packaging and textile fiber applications. Despite
challenges from low cost petro based MEG, IGL navigated
through innovation, retaining sales volume and expanding
market share in Far East and SE Asia by developing strategic
partnerships and creating brand segmentation. IGL is also
trying to create a niche market for its Ethylene Glycol Ethers in
the paints and thinners, electronic chemicals, specialty printing
inks and industrial cleaners by positioning them as green
solvents derived from Bio based feedstock.
In Bio-Polymers, IGL leverages India’s guar resources to cater
various industries including oil drilling, textiles, food, cosmetics,
and personal care. In view of the challenges and uncertainties
and low margins in the oil field segments, IGL is now focusing
on high value added markets in food, cosmetics & personal
care segment. IGL foresees growth opportunities in these
businesses and is actively engaged with stakeholders for
product testing & approvals. The Bio-Polymer business reported
a sales value of ` 38 crore for the fiscal year 2025-26.
IGL is focusing on building a world-class innovation ecosystem.
Key investments and initiatives underway include
establishment of a new state-of-the-art Pilot Facility for
developing and scaling specialty molecules, augmentation of
production capacity to meet rising global demand,
strengthening of R&D capabilities to maintain a robust and
future-ready product pipeline and deep collaboration with
customers, suppliers, and industry stakeholders to co-create
solutions that drive mutual success.
By staying at the forefront of technological advancements
and global market trends, IGL is well-positioned to anticipate
future needs, seize emerging opportunities, and deliver
sustained value to all stakeholders. IGL has been focussing
on creating new products through innovation to achieve a
competitive edge.
The Company’s New Specialty Unit (NSU)  plant capacity
(7,500 MT/per annum depending on the product mix) reflects
the commitment to sustainability and operational efficiency.
This NSU is engaged in developing innovative chemistries,
including bio-amines, biopolymers, green solvents and also
customized products for various end applications including
oilfield. The Company has commenced receipt of orders from
oil & gas major companies, validating the market fit of its product
portfolio. IGL’s products are under various stages of approval
with many large MNC’s and your Company is well positioned
for large offtake in coming years, thus ensuring significant
growth in this segment.
In the Industrial gases sector, IGL continues to perform well,
with a focus on quality and customer satisfaction. With
significant sales growth in Liquid CO 2 and other industrial
gases, coupled with initiatives to enhance quality control, IGL
has maintained its position as a trusted supplier in both
domestic and global markets. While the commissioning of
additional capacities by industry participants is expected to
intensify market competition, IGL remains confident of
sustaining its growth momentum, supported by its superior
product quality, advanced technology capabilities, and strong
goodwill built over many years through consistent and
responsive customer service. The Company is also engaged
in looking for opportunities to expand its already established
market of Green Ethylene Oxide. The Company registered a
sale value of `46 crore during FY 2025-26.
Sales of Glycols [Monoethylene Glycol (MEG), Diethylene
Glycol (DEG), Triethylene Glycol (TEG), Heavy Glycols and
Glycols Ether] have increased to 49,998 MT in FY 2025-26 in
comparison to 47,183 MT during the last fiscal 2024-25 and
the sales value was ` 1,055 crore and ` 1,177 crore,
respectively.
During the year, your Company produced 37,522 MT of Glycols
compared to 47,146 MT last year.
Power Alcohol (Bio-Fuels)
The Bio-Fuels segment is well-positioned for sustained growth,
underpinned by favourable Government policies and a strong
regulatory push towards clean energy adoption. The Company
has established itself as a consistent supplier of Ethanol/Bio-
Fuels to Oil Marketing Companies (“OMCs”) through
competitive tender participation under the Government of
India’s Ethanol Blending Programme (“EBP”).
[[page 22]]
14
For the third year in a row, the Company for the Ethanol Supply
Year (“ESY”) from 1st November 2025 to 31 st October 2026,
has been allocated an initial supply quantity of 15.43 crore
litres of Ethanol, representing an estimated aggregate value
of ` 1,070 crore under the EBP. During the preceding ESY,
the Company had been allocated 19.82 crore litres of Ethanol,
with an estimated aggregate value of ` 1,387.40 crore.
During the year under review, the Company registered a
revenue of ` 1,470 crore from sale of Power Alcohol as
compared to last year mentioned is ` 1,043 crore during
previous year.
Potable Spirits (IMFL & Country Liquor) and ENA
IGL’s potable spirits business is anchored by state-of-the-art
distilleries producing premium ENA for both domestic and
international markets, with a strategic focus on strengthening
its position in IMFL and maintaining leadership in the branded
country liquor segment.
The Company is also a leading and trusted supplier in North
India’s domestic pharma, homeopathic, and perfumery sectors,
while continuing to serve major alcoholic beverage companies.
The Company’s Extra Neutral Alcohol (ENA) has been
conferred the Gold Quality Award by Monde Selection 2026,
an internationally recognised quality evaluation institute
headquartered in Belgium.
Its strong quality credentials are reinforced by its partnership
with Bacardi International, whose full product range, including
flagship brands, is manufactured using IGL’s ENA at its
Bangalore facility and distributed across North and East India.
The Company is producing Molasses based Alcohol which was
certified under the International Sustainability and Carbon
Certification (ISCC PLUS). This globally recognized certification
is highly regarded for its rigorous standards in ensuring
sustainability and traceability across supply chains, particularly
within the bioenergy, food, feed, and chemical sectors. ISCC
PLUS certification verifies that materials are produced
responsibly, with reduced greenhouse gas emissions and full
adherence to human rights and environmental standards.
Achieving ISCC PLUS certification not only demonstrates our
compliance with sustainable production practices but also
strengthens our market position. It enhances business
opportunities while showcasing our commitment to circular and
bio-circular raw material utilization.
By earning these distinction, the Company’s ENA is recognized
among a select group of superior products worldwide,
enhancing Company’s brand credibility and creating new
opportunities for growth and partnership.
During the year, your Company registered gross sales value
of ` 6,755 crore as compared to ` 6,306 crore last year in the
Potable Spirits division.
Leadership in Country Liquor:
Your Company has the license for operations and sale of
branded Country Liquor in the States of Uttar Pradesh and
Uttarakhand and continues to hold a market leadership position
in both the states.
The Company continues to strengthen its presence in the Indian
Made Foreign Liquor ( “IMFL”) segment, with manufacturing
operations at its Gorakhpur and Kashipur facilities. The
Company’s portfolio spans a wide range of Whisky and Vodka
brands across price segments, which have gained strong
consumer acceptance across key markets.
Notably, the Company’s Malta Whisky has achieved a
leadership position in Uttarakhand, underscoring the brand’s
deep-rooted equity and consumer loyalty in the region.
In the Vodka category, the Company’s Amazing Vodka brand
has emerged as one of the top three Vodka brands across its
launched markets of Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, and Delhi
— a testament to its growing brand resonance among
consumers. Building on this momentum, the introduction of
the Cranberry flavour variant has been met with encouraging
market response, with a successful rollout in Uttar Pradesh
followed by an expansion into Uttarakhand.
IGL Zumba LemoniTM is our tactical brand, made out of citrus
flavour which goes well with our tropical climate. IGL ZumbaTM
has gained good traction in the market, and we plan to take
the brand national. We have double-digit market share after
Bacardi Lemon, which is the leader of the segment. During
the year under review, the Potable Division-IMFL received the
Best Quality Rum award from Ambrosia Awards 2026 for
Zumba Lemoni Naturally Citrus Rum.
The existing partnership with Amrut Distilleries Private Limited,
Bengaluru (Known for world class Indian Single Malts)
continued to grow in strength. Further, cementing the existing
arrangement wherein the Company was manufacturing,
bottling, marketing and selling Amrut’s premium brands in the
segments namely Whisky, Brandy and Rum, on royalty basis,
for various north Indian states, the Company got the distribution
rights from Amrut for its world famous Amrut Fusion Single
Malt, Amrut Amalgam Malt, Amrut Amalgam Peated Malt for
the key states Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, and Delhi.
All these brands complement IGL’s existing organic brands
namely Soulmate Whisky ,Beach House XXX Rum, Amazing
Vodka product line , Zumba Lemoni Naturally Citrus White Rum
and Zumba Black Spiced Rum (Dark Rum).
Keeping in mind the market reach of your Company, Amrut
has further created Amrut Capital Exclusive Edition Single Malt
for Delhi Market, which your Company sells. Similarly, In
Uttarakhand also Amrut has created a brand for IGL called
Amrut’s Silver Jubilee edition marking the 25 years of creation
of Amrut.
With this now IGL’s brands portfolio has grown right from
regular range i.e., Soulmate whisky to top end of Indian Single
Malts and is poised to gain market share in all segments in the
next couple of years.
Your Company continues to be a registered supplier to the
Indian Defence forces through CSD & Paramilitary Forces.
We take satisfaction in mentioning that our two brands i.e.,
Soulmate Blu Premium whisky & IGL’s Zumba Lemoni Naturally
Citrus Rum have been approved in CSD, and we have already
started selling all over the country for CSD. Our couple of other
brands have also been approved in-principle by CSD.
[[page 23]]
15
The Company is putting its utmost focus in the branded
business of Spirits, which besides giving top line also offers
handsome bottom line.
Ennature Bio-Pharma
The Ennature Bio-pharma division of the Company operates
in the space of Plants based Active Pharmaceuticals
Ingredients (APIs), Nicotine and Nutraceuticals. The division
continues to be the global leader in Thiocolchicoside API, a
highly potent muscle relaxant. Further, the strategic partnership
with Algatechnologies (Part of the Solabia Group, France) for
highly specialized Astaxanthin ingredient had strengthen.
The manufacturing facility is located at Dehradun and is
accredited with EU-GMP certification from the European
agency(EDQM), WHO GMP, Current Good Manufacturing
Practices (CGMP), US FDA (Dietary Supplements), NSF
(National Sanitation Foundation)GMP, Clean Label Project
(“CLP”) for Xanthogreen and Maxicuma, ISO 9001, ISO 16128,
ISO 22000, Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points
(HACCP), Kosher and Halal. The division holds a CEP
(Certification of Suitability) from EDQM for its two flagship APIs-
Thiocolchicoside & Colchicine which certifies that our APIs are
in line with the highest European standards of quality, safety
and efficacy. The division has an advanced production facility,
including Super Critical CO2 Fluid Extraction (SCFE) & solvents’
extraction facility, for production of APIs of plant origin,
standardized & branded Nutraceutical ingredients as well as
Nicotine & its derivatives.
The division has a unified, pharma grade quality system applied
across both APIs and Nutraceuticals and is fully supported by
a well-equipped R & D center capable to develop products
from lab to commercial scale. The R & D center is fully
integrated-from chemistry and formulation development to
analytical research and process optimization.
The division has registered sales value of `205 crore for FY
2025-26, as compared to `217 crore in previous year,
registering a decline of 5%.
The APIs business has steadily maintained its growth and
remained one of the leading player in global plant based APIs
markets. The division holds commanding position in the
domestic Thiocolchicoside product. In Nicotine, focus remained
on efficiency enhancement initiatives and aggressive
diversification of customer base and building a value added
pharma customer base for Nicotine derivatives. The division
continues to develop new APIs in order to reduce dependency
on Thiocolchicoside. In Nutraceuticals business, the division
has expanded its presence in South East Asian markets and
continue to focus in the USA as a strategic market. Further,
during the year under review, the division has received NSF
GMP certification, which puts Ennature Bio Pharma in a globally
recognised league of manufactures adhering to highest
standards of quality, safety and regulatory compliance for
dietary supplements and nutraceuticals. The Company has
successfully launched two branded indigents supported by
promising clinical outcome. In order to remain competitive and
protect its intellectual property, the Company continued to file
new patents.
The division continue to have better margins for its flagship
products viz. Thiocolchicine and Colchicine.
Future Outlook- Expansion, Modernization and
Diversification
IGL has always focused on innovation in both products and
processes by using sustainable chemistry and renewable raw
materials. This has helped the Company maintain its leadership
in value-added products and improve its strong position in the
market. The use of advanced technology and strong safety
systems ensures consistent product quality and reliable
operations.
To meet customer requirements more effectively, IGL has in
place a New Product Development (NPD) system that ensures
timely delivery of innovative and customized solutions. Over
the years, the Company has evolved from a manufacturer of
renewable chemicals into a global leader in Specialty
Chemicals. By using C-smart and bio-based feedstocks, IGL
has strengthened its position and successfully competes with
leading global players.
By improving and validating production processes, the
Company has achieved significant cost savings in high-volume
products. Higher yields, better production efficiency, and the
use of alternative raw materials have helped reduce batch cycle
time, lower utility expenses, and ensure continuous product
availability.
The Company has strategically identified the following key
focus areas to accelerate future growth, strengthen its market
leadership, and create long-term value:
I. Development of new bio-based specialties.
II. Development of polyglucoside chemistries.
III. Specialty formulation for crop protection and Oil and Gas
application
IV. Advancement of carbon-smart based specialties.
V. Green solvents, including bio-amine chemistry and Esters.
VI. Specialty products for fragrance application
VII. Biopolymers, Specialty Block co-Biopolymers, and their
derivatives.
VIII. Potable Spirits.
IX. Bio-fuel.
X. Ennature Biopharma – Nutraceuticals and Plant based
APIs.
IGL acts as a reliable partner for its customers by helping them
achieve their sustainability objectives. Its upcoming product
portfolio is focused on supporting the circular economy and
advancing sustainable development. The Company has also
identified strategic opportunities to diversify and strengthen
its portfolio with innovative, value-added, and environmentally
friendly products.
By focusing on bio-based and eco-friendly ingredients, IGL
stays aligned with global sustainability trends and meets the
increasing demand for green solutions across various
industries. The use of high-performance chemicals ensures
that these products provide excellent efficiency, consistent
quality, and reliable performance.
[[page 24]]
16
One of IGL’s key strengths is its strong in-house R&D and
Technical team, which focuses on developing products through
advanced and innovative technologies. This enables the
Company to create sustainable and future-ready solutions that
are environmentally responsible and effectively meet the
changing needs of major industries.
As we move forward on the path of innovation and growth, we
recognize the importance of collaboration and continuous
improvement. After successfully establishing our R&D center
in Kashipur, we are further strengthening our research
capabilities through the modification and advancement of our
pilot facility for the development of specialty molecules. At the
same time, we are working to expand our production capacity
to support future business growth. IGL remains committed to
building strong relationships with customers, suppliers, and
industry partners by leveraging shared knowledge and
resources to achieve mutual success. Similarly, your
Company’s Dehradun R&D centre is focused on developing
high-value, plant-derived phyto APIs and nutraceutical
ingredients for the regulated markets. Key priorities include
ingredient standardization, process optimization, and yield
enhancement to ensure quality, scalability, and cost
competitiveness. Going forward, the Company plans to expand
its portfolio while continuing to invest in clinical science to
strengthen its branded nutraceutical ingredients.
The introduction of new product lines and the expansion of
our specialty chemicals business represent an important and
promising stage in IGL’s growth journey. With a strong
commitment to quality, innovation, and sustainability, we are
prepared to capture new opportunities, overcome challenges,
and progress confidently toward a more successful and
sustainable future for both the Company and its valued partners.
The Company has achieved significant progress in
strengthening self-reliance and driving innovation. The
commissioning and expansion of grain-based distillery plants
in Kashipur and Gorakhpur have played a key role in this
development by reducing dependence on imported ethanol and
supporting the country’s ethanol blending program.
Aligned with its sustainability vision, IGL has introduced
innovative waste management practices that enhance resource
efficiency and environmental sustainability. The Company has
set up a plant to produce granulated potash fertilizer by utilizing
potash-rich fly ash generated from slop incineration boilers.
This initiative transforms industrial waste into a useful value-
added product, minimizes environmental impact, and reinforces
IGL’s approach of creating wealth from waste while supporting
long-term sustainable growth.
As IGL continues to progress by overcoming new challenges
and capturing emerging opportunities, collaboration and
strategic partnerships remain the foundation of its long-term
success. With a firm focus on quality, innovation, and
sustainable growth, the Company is committed to delivering
lasting value and shaping a stronger, more prosperous future
for the business and all its stakeholders.
Finance
During the year under review, your Company has:
a) raised term loan amounting to ` 387.87 crore;
b) re-paid, upon maturity, term loan of ` 390.34 crore;
c) pre-paid the term loan of ` 100.88 crore.
The Company has also raised funds amounting to ` 466.99
crore through preferential issue of the equity shares, which
has further strengthened the liquidity and cash flow position of
the Company.
The Company has been regular in meeting its obligations
towards payment of principal/interest to Banks/NBFCs.
Details of the Loans, Guarantees and Investments covered
under the provisions of Section 186 of the Act are provided in
the notes to the standalone financial statements which form
part of the Annual Report. The Company had discontinued its
fixed deposits scheme in the FY 2009-10 and has not accepted
any fresh deposits covered under Chapter V of the Act during
the year. There are no overdue deposits as on 31 st March,
2026. During the year under review, no unclaimed deposit was
required to be transferred to Investor Education and Protection
Fund (IEPF).
The financial statements of the Company (including of
subsidiaries) have been prepared in accordance with the
recognition and measurement principles laid down under Ind-
AS as presented under Section 133 of the Act read with the
relevant rules issued thereunder and the other accounting
principles generally accepted in India as applicable.
Internal Financial Controls and their Adequacy
The Company has established a robust internal financial
controls framework, commensurate with the size, scale, and
complexity of its operations. These controls ensure that all
transactions are appropriately authorised, accurately recorded,
and reported in a timely manner, thereby maintaining the
integrity of the Company’s financial reporting.
The framework encompasses comprehensive policies and
procedures designed to ensure the orderly and efficient conduct
of business. This includes strict adherence to Company
policies, safeguarding of assets, prevention and detection of
fraud and errors, completeness and accuracy of accounting
records, and timely preparation of reliable financial information.
In line with the evolving business environment, the Company
has undertaken a structured strengthening of its control’s
architecture. This includes the institution of a revised Delegation
of Authority Matrix, updated Standard Operating Procedures
(“SOPs”), and operational manuals. The Company has further
reinforced its Internal Financial Controls (“IFC”) framework with
the advisory support, ensuring alignment with best practices
and regulatory expectations.
Listing of Securities
The shares of the Company are listed on BSE Limited and the
National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The respective stock
code no. and symbol of the Company are 500201 and
INDIAGLYCO. The annual listing fees for the year 2026-27
have been paid in advance to the Stock Exchanges.
Subsidiary, Associates, Joint Venture and Consolidated
Financial Statements
As at 31st March, 2026, the Company had Six (6) subsidiaries
and One (1) Joint Venture Company. A brief of each of them is
given below:
[[page 25]]
17
IGL Finance Limited
IGL Finance Ltd. (“IGLFL”) is a 100% subsidiary of the
Company. IGLFL had invested funds in short term commodity
financing contracts of the National Spot Exchange Ltd.
(“NSEL”).
NSEL has defaulted in settling the contracts on due dates, for
which IGLFL has initiated legal and other action. IGLFL is
confident of recovery of its dues from NSEL over a period of
time in view of the measures which have so far been taken for
and pending before the Government and other agencies.
During the year ended 31st March, 2026, IGLFL has incurred a
loss of ` 0.46 lakh.
IGL Chemicals and Services Private Limited
IGL Chemicals and Services Private Limited (“ICSPL”) is a
100% subsidiary of the Company with objectives, inter-alia, of
manufacturing, distribution and sale of various chemicals and
ancillary items and providing related services, utilities etc.
During the year ended 31st March, 2026, ICSPL has earned a
profit of ` 280.23 lakh.
Ennature Bio Pharma Limited
(formerly Ennature Bio Pharma Private Limited)
Ennature Bio Pharma Limited (“EBPL”) is a 100% subsidiary
of the Company with objectives, inter-alia, to produce of all
types and nature of Nutraceuticals, Phytochemicals, Active
Pharmaceuticals ingredients (API) of natural plant origins, food
supplements & health supplements herbs and their extracts
and all nature of their derivatives, intermediary products and/
or to carry out other related activities. During the period under
review, EBPL has sub-division/split its equity shares from
` 10/-each to ` 5/- each w.e.f. 7 th August, 2025.
Upon the Scheme of Arrangement amongst India Glycols
Limited, Ennature Bio Pharma Limited, and IGL Spirits Limited,
along with their respective shareholders, becoming effective,
EBPL shall be listed on the National Stock Exchange of India
Limited and BSE Limited, subject to receipt of requisite
regulatory approvals and fulfilment of applicable listing
requirements.
During the year ended 31st March, 2026, EBPL has incurred a
loss of ` 0.15 lakh.
IGL Spirits Limited
IGL Spirits Limited (“ISL”) is a 100% subsidiary of the Company
with objectives, inter-alia, to carry on business of Spirits and
related products. During the period under review, ISL has sub-
division/split its equity shares from ` 10/- each to ` 5/- each
w.e.f. 7th August, 2025.
Upon the Scheme of Arrangement amongst India Glycols
Limited, Ennature Bio Pharma Limited, and IGL Spirits Limited,
along with their respective shareholders, becoming effective,
ISL shall be listed on the National Stock Exchange of India
Limited and BSE Limited, subject to receipt of requisite
regulatory approvals and fulfilment of applicable listing
requirements.
During the year ended 31 st March, 2026, ISL has incurred a
loss of ` 0.22 lakh.
IGL Chem International Pte. Ltd.
IGL Chem International Pte. Ltd. is a 100% subsidiary of the
Company in Singapore to augment its activities in South
Eastern region and help the marketing of products from
Chemical Plant, Natural Gums Plant and Supercritical Fluid
Extraction facility to large buyers in US, Europe and South
East Asia.
During the year ended 31 st  March, 2026, IGL Chem
International Pte. Ltd. has incurred a loss of ` 35.20 lakh.
IGL Chem International USA LLC
Your Company has also set up a 100% subsidiary Company
in USA named as IGL Chem International USA LLC with the
main objective of marketing of the Company’s products and
related activities in the American and Latin American regions.
During the year ended 31 st  March, 2026, IGL Chem
International USA LLC has earned a profit of ` 292.83 lakh.
Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited
Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited (“CISCPL”)
is a 49:51 joint venture (JV) of your Company and Clariant
International Ltd., Switzerland. The JV is engaged in the
manufacturing, distribution and sale of various specialty
chemicals in the domestic and global market industries like
Textile, Pharma, Agro, Paints & Coatings, Construction
Chemicals, Personal Care and others.
During the year ended 31 st March, 2026, CISCPL has earned
a profit of ` 9,462.60 lakh.
The consolidated financial statements of the Company and its
subsidiaries, joint venture for the FY 2025-26, prepared in
accordance with the applicable provisions of the Act, SEBI Listing
Regulations and applicable accounting standards notified by
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”), Govt. of India, forms part
of the Annual Report. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 136
of the Act, financial statements of the subsidiary companies are
not required to be sent to the Members of the Company.
The Company will provide a copy of separate annual accounts
in respect of each of its subsidiary to any Member of the
Company if so desired and said annual accounts will also be
kept open for inspection at the registered office of the Company.
Further, the audited annual accounts of the subsidiary
companies are also available on the website of the Company
viz. www.indiaglycols.com .
A separate statement containing salient features of the financial
statements of subsidiaries and Joint venture under first proviso
to sub-section (3) of section 129 in Form AOC-1 forms part of
the financial statements.
Board of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
During the period under review, the Board on the
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee had approved the re-appointment of (i.) Shri U.S.
Bhartia (DIN:00063091) as Chairman & Managing Director and
Key Managerial Personnel in the category of Whole Time
Director of the Company for a further period of 5 (Five) years
w.e.f. 1st April, 2026 till 31 st March, 2031 and (ii.) Ms. Pragya
Bhartia Barwale (DIN:02109262) as an Executive Director and
[[page 26]]
18
Key Managerial Personnel in the category of Whole Time
Director of the Company for a further period of 5 (Five) years
w.e.f. 24th June, 2025 till 23 rd June, 2030. The Shareholders
by way of Special Resolution passed through postal ballot on
22nd July, 2025 had also approved the same.
Shri Alok Singhal (DIN: 10359043), Executive Director of the
Company is retiring by rotation at the ensuing AGM and being
eligible, offers himself for re-appointment. Your Directors
recommend the re-appointment of Shri Alok Singhal (DIN:
10359043), the retiring Director, for your approval.
The Company has received requisite declarations as required
under section 152(4) of the Act from Shri Alok Singhal along
with the intimation that he is not disqualified under Section
164 of the Act to act as a Director.
Brief resume of the Director retiring by rotation along with the
other details as stipulated under SEBI Listing Regulations and
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2), is provided
in the Notice convening AGM.
Except as mentioned above, there is no change in the Directors
and Key Managerial Personnel during the year under review.
All the Independent Directors have furnished declarations that
they fulfill the criteria of Independence and conditions as
prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation
16(1)(b) of SEBI Listing Regulations and confirmed regarding
their enrollment with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs
(IICA) for inclusion of their name in the Data Bank of
Independent Directors. There was no change in the
circumstances effecting their status as Independent Director.
In terms of Regulation 25(8) of SEBI Listing Regulations, the
Independent Directors have confirmed that they are not aware
of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be
reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their ability
to discharge their duties. The Board is of the opinion that all
Independent Directors are independent of the Company’s
management and meets the requirement of integrity, expertise
and experience (including proficiency).
During the Financial Year 2025-26, 7 (Seven) Board Meetings
were held. The details of the Board meetings and the
attendance of the Directors thereat are provided in the
Corporate Governance Report and forms part of this Report.
As on 31 st March, 2026, the Board has 5 (Five) Committees
namely: the Audit Committee, the Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee, the Nomination & Remuneration
Committee, the Risk Management Committee and the
Stakeholder’s Relationship Committee.
The detailed note on the composition of the Board and its
Committees is provided in the Corporate Governance report.
During the year, all the recommendations made by the
Committee(s) were approved by the Board.
Board Evaluation
Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing
Regulations, the Board has carried out the annual performance
evaluation of its own performance, the Directors individually as
well as the evaluation of Committees. The evaluation was carried
out based on parameters such as level of engagement and
contribution, independence of judgement, safeguarding the
interest of the Company and all stakeholders etc.
The performance evaluation of the Independent Directors was
done by the entire Board excluding the Directors being
evaluated in pursuance to the applicable provisions of SEBI
Listing Regulations. The performance evaluation of the
Chairman, Board as a whole and the Non-Independent
Directors was carried out by the Independent Directors.
The Board of Directors expressed their satisfaction with the
evaluation process.
Nomination and Remuneration Policy
The Nomination and Remuneration Policy containing, inter-
alia, guiding principles for payment of remuneration to
Directors, Senior Management, Key Managerial Personnel and
other employees along with criteria for determining
qualifications, positive attributes, independence of Directors
and Board evaluation are provided in the Corporate
Governance Report and forms part of the Annual Report. The
said policy is available on the website of the Company i.e.
https://www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/NRE-Policy-
Feb2025-effective-Dec2024-1.pdf
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013
In accordance with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment
of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and
Redressal) Act, 2013 (“Prevention of Sexual Harassment Act”),
the Company has constituted an Internal Complaints
Committee where any grievance of sexual harassment at
workplace can be reported. No complaint pertaining to sexual
harassment at workplace has been received or pending for
disposal by the Committee during the financial year ended 31st
March, 2026.The Company has also adopted policy on
prevention of Sexual Harassment at workplace. The objective
of the policy is to provide its women employees, a workplace,
free from harassment/discrimination and that every employee
is treated with dignity and respect.
The said policy is available on the website of the Company i.e.
www.indiaglycols.com  under link: https://
www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/Policy-for-
prevention-and-redressal-of-sexual-harrasment-of-women-at-
workplace_14.11.2025.pdf
The Company periodically conducts sessions for employees
across the organization to build awareness about the policy
and the provisions of the Prevention of Sexual Harassment Act.
Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy
In terms of provisions of Section 177 of the Act read with Rules
thereunder and SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company has
established a Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy to deal
with the instances of fraud and mismanagement. The Policy
also facilitates all employees of the Company to report an
instance of leak of unpublished price sensitive information.
The details of the Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy are
provided in the Corporate Governance Report and also hosted
on the website of the Company i.e. https://
[[page 27]]
19
www.indiaglycols.com/  under link https://
www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/vigil-
mechanism-policy.pdf .
As on 31st March, 2026, the Audit Committee comprises Two
Non-executive Independent Directors, namely, Shri Ravi Kumar
(Chairman), Shri Samrat Banerjee and One Executive Director
namely Shri Alok Singhal.
The details of the Audit Committee meetings and the
attendance of the members thereat are provided in the
Corporate Governance Report and forms part of this Report.
During the year, all the recommendations made by Audit
Committee were accepted by the Board.
Directors’ Responsibility Statement
In terms of provisions of Section 134(5) of the Act, to the best
of their knowledge and ability, your Directors confirm that:
a. in the preparation of the annual accounts for the year
ended 31 st March, 2026, the applicable accounting
standards had been followed along with proper explanation
relating to material departures;
b. they have selected such accounting policies and applied
them consistently and made judgements and estimates
that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and
fair view of the state of affairs of the Company as at 31 st
March, 2026 and the profit and loss of the Company for
that period;
c. they have taken proper and sufficient care for the
maintenance of adequate accounting records in
accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act,
2013 for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for
preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
d. they have prepared the annual accounts on a going
concern basis;
e. they have laid down the internal financial controls to be
followed by the Company and that such internal financial
controls are adequate and were operating effectively; and
f. they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance
with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such
systems were adequate and operating effectively.
Management Discussion and Analysis
The Management Discussion and Analysis Report as required
under SEBI Listing Regulations forms part of this Report.
Corporate Governance
The Corporate Governance Report, as stipulated under Schedule
V(C) of SEBI Listing Regulations forms part of this Report.
The requisite certificate from the Statutory Auditors of the
Company, M/s K. N. Gutgutia & Co., Chartered Accountants,
confirming compliance with the conditions of corporate
governance as stipulated under the aforesaid clause is
attached to Corporate Governance Report.
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
In pursuance to the provisions of amended Regulation 34 (2)(f)
of SEBI Listing Regulations, Business Responsibility and
Sustainability Report covering disclosures on Company’s
performance on ESG (Environment, Social and Governance)
parameters for FY 2025-26 in the prescribed format, forms
part of the Annual Report.
Statutory Auditor & Audit Report
In pursuance to the provisions of Section 139 of the Companies
Act, 2013, read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
2014, based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee
and the Board of Directors, Members of the Company at the
38th Annual General Meeting held on 7 th September, 2022,
appointed M/s K.N. Gutgutia & Co., Chartered Accountants
(Registration No. 304153E) (“KNG”) as the Statutory Auditors
for the second term of 5 (five) years commencing from the
conclusion of the 38 th Annual General Meeting until the
conclusion of the 43 rd Annual General Meeting to be held in
the year 2027. The Members also authorized the Board to
finalize remuneration of KNG for the above period.
KNG have confirmed that they are not disqualified to be
appointed as statutory auditors in terms of the provisions of
the proviso to Section 139(1), 141(2) and 141(3) of the Act
and the provisions of the Companies (Audit and Auditors)
Rules, 2014 and also confirmed that they hold a valid certificate
issued by the Peer Review Board of the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India.
The Report given by KNG, the Statutory Auditors on the
financial statements of the Company for the Financial Year
2025-26 is part of the Annual Report.
The notes on financial statements referred to in the Auditor’s
Report are self-explanatory and do not call for any further
comments.
There has been no qualification, reservation or adverse remark
or disclaimer in their Report on standalone and consolidated
financial statements for FY 2025-26.
During the year under review, the Auditors have not reported
any matter under Section 143(12) of the Act.
Secretarial Auditor & Secretarial Audit Report
In pursuance to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies
Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Appointment and
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and
based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee and
the Board of Directors, Members of the Company at the 41 st
Annual General Meeting held on 30 th September, 2025,
appointed M/s Mukesh Agarwal & Co., Company Secretaries
(Certificate of Practice No. 3851 and Peer Review Number
1875/2022) (“MA & Co.”) as Secretarial Auditors of the
Company for a term of 5 (five)consecutive years commencing
from Financial Year 2025-26 till 2029- 30. The Members also
authorized the Board to finalize remuneration of MA & Co. for
the above period.
MA & Co. have confirmed that they are not disqualified to
continue as Secretarial Auditors of the Company in terms of
the provisions of the Act. The Report given by MA & Co. is
enclosed as “Annexure A” to this report. The Secretarial Audit
Report does not contain any qualification, reservation or
adverse remark which needs any explanation or comment of
the Board.
[[page 28]]
20
During the year under review, the Company has complied with
all the applicable mandatory Secretarial Standards as issued
by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
Cost Records and Cost Auditors
The Cost records as required to be maintained under Section
148 (1) of Act are duly made and maintained by the Company.
The Company has appointed M/s R.J. Goel & Co., Cost
Accountants (FRN 000026) as Cost Auditors of the Company
for the Financial Year 2025-2026 under section 148 of the Act
read with the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014
including amendments, if any. The Cost Auditors have
confirmed that they are eligible under Section 141 (3) of the
Act for re-appointment.
The Cost Auditor’s Report for the year 2024-25 was filed with
Central Government within the prescribed time.
Related Party Transactions
During the FY 2025-26, Related Party Transactions (RPTs)
as defined under Section 188 of the Act read with rules made
thereunder and the SEBI Listing Regulations, were at arm’s
length and in ordinary course of business.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 177 of the Act read with
Regulation 23 of SEBI Listing Regulations, all transaction with
related parties were reviewed and approved by the Audit
Committee and were in accordance with the policy on RPTs
as formulated by the Company. During the year under review,
the RPT policy was modified by the Board on the
recommendation of Audit Committee pursuant to the provisions
of SEBI Listing Regulations and the same has been uploaded
on the Company’s website at https://www.indiaglycols.com/wp-
content/uploads/IGL-RPT-Policy-10_02_2026.pdf
Pursuant to Regulation 23(9) of SEBI Listing Regulations,
disclosures of related party transactions on a consolidated
basis for the half year ended 31 st March, 2025 and 30 th
September, 2025 were submitted to the Stock Exchanges and
also hosted on the website of the Company.
During the year under review, your Company did not enter
into any RPT which may be considered material in terms of
Section 188 of the Act read with rules made there under and
thus disclosure in Form AOC-2 is not required to be made by
the Company. The disclosures pertaining to RPTs including
with entity belonging to the promoter group which hold(s) 10%
or more shareholding in compliance with the applicable
Accounting Standards have been given in Note no. 55 of the
Standalone financial statements forming part of the Annual
Report.
Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption, Foreign
Exchange Earnings & Outgo
Your Company continuously pursues initiatives to improve
energy efficiency and lower greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.
The Company has implemented a cutting-edge technology to
turn distillery spent wash into fuel at the Kashipur and
Gorakhpur plants. Multiple effect evaporators are used to
concentrate the spent wash, which is then used in boilers as
renewable fuel, partially replacing the coal. The high-pressure
steam that is produced is used to generate power through
turbines, while the low-pressure steam that is extracted
following turbine operations is efficiently used in the plant
processes. The renewable power generated through turbines
also substitutes fossil fuel-based grid power, thereby further
reducing the carbon footprint.
Further, reinforcing commitment to sustainable development,
the Company has been maintaining certification for Energy
Management System (ISO 50001:2018) under the Integrated
Management System since 2013.
The details on Energy, Technology Absorption, Foreign
Exchange Earnings & Outgo in accordance with the provisions
of Section 134(3)(m) of the Act read with Rule 8 of the
Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 are given at “Annexure
B” to this report.
Corporate Social Responsibility
Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) is a way of conducting
business, by which corporate entities visibly contribute to the
social good and the welfare of society at large with an aim to
improve quality of life of people. The Company feels that the
essence of CSR is to integrate economic, environmental and
social objectives with the Company’s operations and growth.
CSR is the process by which an organization thinks about and
evolves its relationships with society for the common good and
demonstrates its commitment by giving back to the society for
the resources it used to flourish by adoption of appropriate
business processes and strategies. To give further impetus to
this cause, the Company endeavours to manage its operations
with an emphasis on Sustainable development to minimize
impact on environment and promotes inclusive growth.
The CSR policy of the Company is available
on the website of the Company at https://
www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/csr-
policy.pdf
The Company’s CSR policy statement and the annual report
on CSR activities undertaken during the Financial Year ended
31st March, 2026, in accordance with the provisions of Section
135 of the Act read with the Companies (Corporate Social
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, is given at “Annexure C”
to this Report.
As on 31st March, 2026, the CSR Committee comprises three
Executive Directors namely Shri U.S. Bhartia (Chairman), Ms.
Pragya Bhartia Barwale and Shri Alok Singhal and one Non
Executive Independent Director namely, Shri Samrat Banerjee.
The details of the CSR Committee meetings and the attendance
of the members thereat are provided in the Corporate
Governance Report and forms part of this Report.
Risk Management Policy
The Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee
(“RMC”), comprising Directors and senior management
personnel, to oversee the Risk Management Plan and mitigate
risks associated with its business.
In compliance with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Board of Directors has
approved the terms of reference, roles and responsibilities of
the RMC, as well as the Risk Management Policy and risk
[[page 29]]
21
matrix/library, aligning them with the Company’s business
requirements. The Policy is reviewed and updated on a periodic
basis to remain responsive to the evolving risk environment.
The Company’s risk management framework is designed to
ensure the continual identification, measurement, and
prioritisation of risks and potential exposures, with the active
participation of all members of the organisation. The framework
seeks to establish structured, enterprise-wide controls and
procedures to reduce risk levels and mitigate their impact;
protect the Company from material harm; and ensure the
availability of a robust contingency plan to manage risks of
high probability and high impact.
To ensure that the risk management process remains dynamic
and responsive, periodic reviews of key risks are conducted
across all sites and departments. The identified risks and
corresponding mitigation strategies are communicated to the
Board of Directors for assessment and appropriate action to
minimise their potential impact.
Details of the RMC meetings and the attendance of members
thereat are provided in the Corporate Governance Report,
forming part of this Report.
Annual Return
The Annual Return of the Company is available
on the website of the Company at: https://
www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/form-mgt-7-2025-
26.pdf
Court/Tribunal Orders
During the year under review, there were no significant material
orders passed by the regulators or courts or tribunals impacting
the going concern status of the Company and its future
operations.
Miscellaneous Disclosures
There is no proceeding pending under the Insolvency and
Bankruptcy Code, 2016 against the Company. There have not
been any instances of one-time settlement by the Company
with any Bank or Financial Institution.
Further, the Company has complied with the provisions of
Maternity Benefit Act 1961.
Particulars of Employees
The required information as per Section 197 of the Act read
with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is given at
”Annexure D” to this Report.
Acknowledgement
The Board of Directors places on record its sincere appreciation
for the support and co-operation received from the Central
Government, the State Governments of Uttarakhand and Uttar
Pradesh, various governmental and regulatory authorities,
bankers, lenders, customers, suppliers, vendors, dealers,
members, and all other stakeholders and business associates
during the year under review.
The Directors also express their deep appreciation to all
employees of the Company for their dedication, hard work,
and commitment throughout the year. Their collective
enthusiasm and efforts have been integral to the Company’s
growth, and the Board looks forward to their continued support
in the years to come.
For and on behalf of the Board
U.S. Bhartia
Place: Noida Chairman and Managing Director
Dated: 14th May, 2026 DIN: 00063091
[[page 30]]
22
To,
The Members,
INDIA GLYCOLS LIMITED
CIN: L24111UR1983PLC009097
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road,
Kashipur, Udham Singh Nagar, Uttarakhand - 244713
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of
applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good
corporate practices by INDIA GLYCOLS LIMITED (hereinafter
called the “Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a
manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the
corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our
opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of Company’s books, papers, minute
books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained
by the Company and also the information provided by the
Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives
during the conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that
in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period
covering the financial year ended March 31, 2026, complied
with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the
Company has proper Board-processes and compliance
mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject
to the reporting made hereinafter.
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms
and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company
for the financial year ended on March 31, 2026 according to
the provisions of:
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder.
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’)
and the rules made thereunder.
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-
laws framed thereunder.
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules
and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign
Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and
External Commercial Borrowings (ECB). (Not Applicable
to the Company during the Audit Period)
(v). The fo llowing Regulations and Guidelines prescribed
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,
1992 (‘SEBI Act’):-
a. The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)
Regulations, 2011;
b. The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
c. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;
d. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share
Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)
Regulations, 2021; (Not Applicable to the Company
during the Audit Period)
e. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue
and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities)
Regulations, 2021; (Not Applicable to the Company
during the Audit Period)
f. The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and
dealing with client. (Not Applicable to the Company
during the Audit Period)
g. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting
of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021. (Not Applicable
to the Company during the Audit Period)
h. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-
back of Securities) Regulations, 2018. (Not
Applicable to the Company during the Audit
Period)
(vi) The management has confirmed that other laws applicable
to the Company are complied with.
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses
of the following:
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company
Secretaries of India and notified by Ministry of Corporate
Affairs.
(ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015.
During the period under review the Company has duly complied
with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines,
etc. mentioned above.
We further report that:
The Board of Director of the Company is duly constituted with
proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive
Directors, Independent Directors and Women Director. The
changes in the composition of the Board of Directors which
FORM NO. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
Annexure A
[[page 31]]
23
took place during the period under review were carried out in
compliance with the provisions of the Act .
Adequate notice is given to all Directors to schedule the Board
Meetings, Agenda and detailed notes on Agenda were sent to
the Directors at least seven days in advance, and a system
exists for seeking and obtaining further information and
clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for
meaningful participation at the meeting.
All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings are
carried out unanimously as recorded in the minutes of the
meetings of the Board of Directors or Committee(s) of the
Board, as the case may be.
We further report that based on the information received and
records maintained by the Company, there are adequate
systems and processes in the Company commensurate with
the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure
compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and
guidelines.
We further report that during the audit period:
a. The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting
held on 16 th May 2025, approved a modified Scheme of
Arrangement (originally approved on 4 th February 2025)
amongst India Glycols Limited, Ennature Bio Pharma
Limited, and IGL Spirits Limited and their respective
shareholders (“Scheme”). The Company had received No
Objection/No Observation letters from National Stock
Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited and pursuant
to directions of Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal,
Allahabad Bench at Prayagraj (“NCLT”), vide its Order
dated 15 th January 2026 read with Order dated 16 th
February 2026, convened meetings of Equity
Shareholders and Unsecured Creditor on 24th March, 2026
at which the Scheme was duly approved.
Thereafter, the Company filed an application with the NCLT
under the provisions of the Act for sanction of the Scheme.
The application was admitted by the NCLT vide its Order
dated 9th April 2026, and the matter is scheduled for further
hearing on 21st May 2026.
b. The Board of Company in its meeting held on 30 th May,
2025 had approved following:
i. Sub-Division/Split of 1 (One) equity share having face
value of ` 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each, fully paid-up,
into 2 (Two) equity shares, having face value of ` 5/-
each (Rupees Five only) each, fully paid-up, subject
to approval of the Members.
ii. Alteration of Memorandum of Association (“MoA”) and
adoption of New Set of Articles of Association (“AoA”)
to bring the existing MoA and AoA in line with the
Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable provisions,
subject to approval of the Members.
Subsequently, the Sub-division/split of the Equity Shares,
alteration of MoA and the adoption of new set of AoA was
approved by the Members of the Company by way of
passing of Special resolutions through Postal ballot on
22nd July, 2025. Consequently, the Equity Shares of the
Company were sub-divided from face value of ` 10/- each
to ` 5/- each w.e.f. 12 th August, 2025.
c. The Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting held
on 16 th October, 2025 had approved raising of funds
through Issuance of up to 51,03,765 (Fifty One Lakh Three
Thousand Seven Hundred Sixty Five) Equity Shares of
Face value of Rupees ` 5/- (Rupees Five Only) each, at a
price of ` 915/- (Rupees Nine Hundred Fifteen only) per
Equity Share including premium of ` 910/- (Rupees Nine
Hundred Ten) determined in accordance with provisions
of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 for an aggregate
amount of up to ` 4,66,99,44,975/- (Rupees Four Hundred
Sixty Six Crore Ninety Nine Lakh Forty Four Thousand
Nine Hundred Seventy Five only) on preferential basis,
subject to the approval of Members.
The Members approved the said preferential issue at the
Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the Company held on
12th November 2025 by way of a Special Resolution.
Accordingly, the Company made the allotment of
51,03,765 (Fifty One Lakh Three Thousand Seven
Hundred Sixty Five) Equity Shares of ` 5/- each to
Promoter and Non-Promoter allottees on 24 th November,
2025. Resultantly, the shareholding of Kashipur Holdings
Limited (“KHL”), Promoter Company in the Company
reduced from 50.35% to 49.77% of the total paid-up share
capital of the Company. Accordingly, KHL ceased to be
the Holding Company of the Company w.e.f. 24 th
November, 2025.
Further, the aforesaid Equity Shares were listed on
National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited
on 6th January, 2026.
For Mukesh Agarwal & Co.
(PR.No. 1875/2022)
Mukesh Kumar Agarwal
(Proprietor)
FCS No.: 5991
Place: New Delhi CP.No.: 3851
Date: 01.05.2026 UDIN: F005991H000252193
Note: This report is to be read with our letter of even date
which is annexed as “Annexure-A” and forms an integral part
of this report.
[[page 32]]
24
To,
The Members,
India Glycols Limited,
CIN : L24111UR1983PLC009097
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road,
Kashipur, Udham Singh Nagar, Uttarakhand-244713
The Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the
correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts
are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations
and happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility
of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For Mukesh Agarwal & Co.
(PR.No. 1875/2022)
Mukesh Kumar Agarwal
(Proprietor)
FCS No.: 5991
Place: New Delhi CP.No.: 3851
Date: 01.05.2026 UDIN: F005991H000252193
Annexure-A
[[page 33]]
25
PARTICULARS AS REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 134(3)(m)
OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND THE COMPANIES
(ACCOUNTS) RULES, 2014
(A) CONSERVATION OF ENERGY
(a) Steps taken or impact on Energy Conservation:
• Installed Variable Frequency Drives (VFDs) on
high-capacity motors — including the SA Fan in
the Slop Boiler — to regulate airflow and optimize
power usage based on operational demand
through RPM control, resulting in significant
energy savings.
• Upgradation of the combustion air system to
enhance overall Slop boiler efficiency.
• Replacement of traditional lamp with LED lamp
in phased manner, resulting power saving.
• Replacement of the existing 200 kW motor with
a 110 kW motor to consider the nitrogen
requirement in complex, leading to significant
energy savings.
• Achieved power savings by operating the boiler
with one PA fan stopped under optimized
conditions in CVL 20TPH Boiler.
• Achieved power savings by bypassing the MDC
(Multicyclone Dust Collector), reducing draft
losses and auxiliary power consumption in CVL
30TPH Boiler.
• Process steam condensate recovery has been
improved, which is contributing to significant
energy savings.
• Drain water from the distillery plant (Spent lees
and vacuum pump) are being effectively reused
in the distillation process, resulting in savings in
DM water consumption and steam usage.
• Hot spent lees from the ENA plant are utilized
for fermenter washing, leading to savings in raw
water and electrical power, along with improved
cleaning efficiency.
• The process condensate of Evaporator plant was
used as a dilution in fermentation house after
treatment by CPU plant, resulting saving in raw
water & energy.
• Steam trap modifications have been carried out
across various plant locations, minimizing steam
leakage and improving overall system efficiency.
• Commissioning of a 55 TPH single furnace slop-
fired boiler has increased utilization of
concentrated slops, reduced dependency on rice
husk/coal, and improved boiler efficiency due to
lower flue gas outlet temperature.
• The commissioning of a 5 MW energy-efficient
turbine (TG), replacing the earlier 3.8 MW Skoda
TG, has significantly enhanced steam-to-power
conversion efficiency and improved overall
energy utilization.
(b) Steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate
sources of energy:
• Successfully speed up the existing A3 Tetra
machines to get the 10% higher production as
per rated capacity in same utility & power
consumption.
• Replaced two TBA-19 machines with one high-
speed Tetra A3 machine, reducing power
consumption and increasing hourly Tetra
production.
(c) Capital Investment on energy conservation
equipments:
During the year, the Company invested ` 264.05 lakh
in energy conservation equipments.
(B) TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
(a) The efforts made towards technology absorption:
Development of new cost effective feed stock (RM)
source.
(b) Benefits derived like product improvement, cost
reduction, product development or import
substitution:
1. Product Improvement
• Enhanced bioavailability and optimized
phytochemical composition improve
therapeutic performance and differentiation
in the nutraceutical market.
• Development of science-backed
nutraceutical ingredients for metabolic
health, women’s health, and wellness
applications expanded the product portfolio.
• Clinical validation generated strong scientific
substantiation supporting new formulation
opportunities and global commercialization.
• Process improvement of Block Co polymer
for EOR application.
• Process optimization to achieve the low
freezing point in Green Ester for crop
protection.
2. Cost Reduction
• The improved process has increased solvent
recovery, resulting in reduced product costs.
• Use of biomass-generated energy from plant
residues offsets fossil fuel use, reducing
energy costs by covering significant thermal
requirements.
Annexure B
[[page 34]]
26
• Zero-waste manufacturing systems reduce
environmental compliance costs and waste
disposal expenditures.
• Process validation and batch time reduction
have improved operational efficiency and
enhanced cost-effectiveness.
3. New Product Development
• Development of clinically validated botanical
ingredients including BERBSIOL® and
ASPARGIZE® through advanced extraction,
standardization, and bioavailability
enhancement technologies.
• Development of Bio Ethanolamine for
cosmetic application.
• Specialty formulation for OD formulation for
crop protection.
• Green Ester for Crop Protection, Paints and
Coating application.
4. Import Substitution
• Localized, farm-to-formulation ingredient
sourcing reduces dependence on imported
raw materials and ensures traceability.
• Generation of proprietary process know-how
and application data strengthened product
positioning and IP creation opportunities.
• Collaborative projects with leading global
organization for development of niche
specialty chemicals.
• Development of high-quality, India-origin
botanical extracts replaces foreign-sourced
nutraceuticals in domestic and export
markets.
• Adoption of international compliance
standards (EU-GMP, ICH, OECD, USP, Ph.
Eur.) positions Ennature as a viable global
supplier, replacing the need for imports.
(c) In case of imported technology (imported during the last 3 years reckoned from the beginning of the financial year)
(a) Details of technology imported:- Nil
(b) Year of import:- Nil
(c) Whether the technology been fully absorbed:- NA
(d) If not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not taken place and the reasons thereof:- NA
(d) Expenditure incurred on Research and Development:
Sl. No. Division/Place/Plant for which incurred Nature of expenses ( ````` in lakh)
Capital Recurring
1. Chemical, Kashipur - 178.11
2. Ennature Bio Pharma, Dehradun 202.79 527.17
Total 202.79 705.28
(e) Foreign Exchange Earning and Outgo: ( ````` in lakh)
Sl. No. Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
1. Foreign Exchange earnings 44,024.28 47,413.14
2. Foreign Exchange outgo 85,203.38 1,25,721.20
For and on behalf of the Board
U.S. Bhartia
Place : Noida Chairman and Managing Director
Dated: 14th May, 2026 DIN: 00063091
[[page 35]]
27
Annexure C
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES
for the Financial Year ended 31 st March, 2026
1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company:
Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) is a way of conducting business, by which corporate entities visibly contribute to
the social good and the welfare of society at large with an aim to improve quality of life of people. India Glycols Limited (“the
Company”) feels that the essence of CSR is to integrate economic, environmental and social objectives with the Company’s
operations and growth. CSR is the process by which an organization thinks about and evolves its relationships with society
for the common good and demonstrate its commitment by giving back to the society for the resources it used to flourish by
adoption of appropriate business processes and strategies. To give further impetus to this cause, the Company endeavours
to manage its operations with an emphasis on Sustainable development to minimize impact on environment and promotes
inclusive growth.
2. Composition of CSR committee:
Sl. Name of Director Designation / Nature Number of meetings of Number of meetings
No. of Directorship CSR Committee held of CSR Committee
during the Year attended during
the Year
1. Shri U.S. Bhartia, Chairman Chairman and 2 2
Managing Director
2. Smt. Pragya Bhartia Barwale, Member Executive Director 2 2
3. Shri Samrat Banerjee, Member Independent Director 2 2
4. Shri Alok Singhal, Member Executive Director 2 2
3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the Board
are disclosed on the website of the company:
Particular Web-link
Composition of CSR Committee https://www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/Final_Commitee.pdf
CSR Policy https://www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/csr-policy.pdf
CSR Projects approved by the Board No specific projects were approved during FY 26. All expenses were incurred under various
heads as per Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013.
4. Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in
pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable: Not applicable
5. (a) Average net profit of the company as per sub section (5) of section 135:
The average net profit of the Company for the preceding three financial years was ` 1,94,47,45,394/-
(b) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per sub section (5) of section 135: ` 3,88,94,908/-
(c) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: Nil
(d) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: ` 27,24,410/-
(e) Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)]: ` 3,61,70,498/-
6. (a) Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Projects and other than Ongoing Project): ` 4,23,60,361/-
[[page 36]]
28
Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year:
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8)
Sl. Name of the Project Item from the Local Location of the project Cumulative Mode of Mode of Implementation -
No. list of activities area Amount implementation- Th rough Implementing
in Schedule VII (Yes/ spent for the Di rect(Yes/No) Agency
to the Act No) project (in `````)
State District Name CSR
registration
number
1. Water Cooler, Installation of Sanitation and Yes Uttar Pradesh Gorakhpur 1,05,530 Yes - -
Hand Pump safe drinking water
Uttarakhand Udham Singh Nagar 16,49,730 Yes - -
2. Distribution of Blanket/Medical Health Car e Yes Uttar Pradesh Gor akhpur 3,58,300 Yes - -
Camps/ Agnanwadi/ PHC Infra Activities
Uttarakhand Udham Singh Nagar 13,59,309
3. School Infrastructure and Promoting of No Uttarakhand Pauri Garhwal 1,01,54,618 No Network For CSR00004996
renovation Education Quality Education
Foundation
No Uttarakhand Pauri Garhwal 6,90,300 Yes
Yes Uttarakhand Udham Singh Nagar 1,37,11,763 Yes
4. Teacher’s Salary/Infrastructure Promot ing of Yes Uttar Pradesh Gorakhpur 7,370 Yes - -
development in schools Education
Uttarakhand Udham Singh Nagar 18,78,921 Yes - -
5. Divyang Aid Promoting of Education Yes Uttarakhand Udha m Singh Nagar 2,95,105 No Anmol Foundation CSR00016825
6. Infrastructure development Promoting of E ducation Yes Uttarak hand Udha m Singh Nagar 1,00,000 No Indian Institute of CSR00067987
for classrooms Management Kashipur
7. Strengthening Foundation Promoting of Yes Uttar Prades h Gorakhpur 49,00, 000 No Central S quare CSR00000107
Literacy and Numeracy Education Foundation
(FLN)
8. Renovation of saras Centre/ Wom en Yes Uttarakhand Udham Singh Nagar 4,00,000 Yes - -
Skill Development Empowerment
2,69,200 No Vasudhaiv Samiti CSR00021667
9. Tree Plantation & Pond Environment and Yes Uttar Pradesh Gorakhpur 1,08,095 Yes - -
Cleaning Sustainability
Uttarakhand Udham Singh Nagar 5,75,600
10. Promoting Sports Training to promote Yes Uttarakhand Udha m Singh Nagar 12,21,190 Yes - -
rural sports
11. Community Centre Repairs/ Rural Developm ent Yes Uttarakhand Udham Singh Nagar 36,64,323 Yes - -
Drain Cleaning / Road Works Pr oject
12. Bus Stop Shelter/CCTV Disaster Yes Uttarakhand Udham Singh Nagar 9,11,007 Yes - -
Installation/ Police Management
Barricade & Reflector
TOTAL 4,23,60,361
(b) Amount spent in Administrative Overhead: Nil
(c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Not applicable
(d) Total amount spent for the Financial Year (8a+8b+8c): ` 4,23,60,361/-
(e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:
Amount Unspent (in `````)
Total Amount Spent Total Amount transferred to Amount transferred to any fund specified
for the Financial Year Unspent CSR Account under Schedule VII as per second proviso
(in `````) as per section 135(6) to section 135(5)
Amount Date of Transfer Name of the Fund Am ount Date of Transfer
4,23,60,361/- NIL NA NA NIL NA
[[page 37]]
29
(f) Excess amount for set off, if any:-
Sl. No. Particular Amount (in `````)
(1) (2) (3)
(i) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135 *3,61,70,498 /-
(ii) Total amount spent for the Financial Year 4,23,60,361/-
(iii) Excess amount spent for the Financial Y ear [(ii)-(i)] 61,89,863/-
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects of programmes or activities of the previous Financial Years, Nil
if any
(v) Amount available for set off in succeeding Financial Years [(iii)-(iv)] 61,89,863/-
*after adjustment of set off of excess amount of ` 27,24,410/- spent by the Company in the previous FY 2024-25.
7. Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility Amount for the preceding three Financial Years:
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8)
Sl. Preceding Amount Balance Amount Amount Amount Deficiency,
No. Financial transferred to Amount in spent in the transferred to remaining to if any
Year(s) Unspent CSR Unspent CSR reporting a fund as specified be spent in
Account under Account under financial under Schedule VII succeeding
sub- section (6) sub- section (6) year as per second Financial
of Section 135 of Section 135 (in `````) proviso to under Years
(in `````) (in `````) sub-section (5) of (in `````)
Section 135, if any
Amount Date of
(in `````)T r a n s f e r
1 FY-1 - - - - - - -
(2021-22)
2 FY-2 - - - - - - -
(2022-23)
3 FY-3 - - - - - - -
(2023-24)
Nil
8. Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in the
Financial Year: No
If Yes, enter the number of Capital assets created/acquired: Not Applicable
Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent
in the Financial Year:
Sl. Short particulars of the property Pincode Date of Amount of CSR Details of entity/ Authority/
No. or asset(s) [including complete of the Creation spent Beneficiary of the
address and location of property registered owner
the property] or asset(s)
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6)
CSR Name Registered
Registration address
Number, if
applicable
Not Applicable
(All the fields should be captured as appearing in the revenue record, flat no, house no, Municipal Office/Municipal
Corporation/ Gram panchayat are to be specified and also the area of the immovable property as well as boundaries)
9. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per section 135(5):  Not
Applicable.
For and on behalf of the Board
U.S. Bhartia
Chairman and Managing Director
Dated: 14th May, 2026 Chairman, CSR Committee
Place: Noida DIN: 00063091
[[page 38]]
30
Details pertaining to remuneration as required under Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 of
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
The remuneration paid by the Company to its employees including Directors, Key Managerial Personnel is in line with the
Nomination and Remuneration policy of the Company. The guiding principles of the Nomination and Remuneration policy of the
Company is that the level and composition of the remuneration be reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other senior officials.
i. The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Company
Secretary in the financial year 2025-26 in comparison to the financial year 2024-25 and ratio of remuneration of each
Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company:
Name of Directors/ KMPs % increase in Ratio of Remuneration to
Remuneration in the MRE $ for the financial
financial year 2025-26 year 2025- 26
Shri U. S. Bhartia, Chairman & Managing Director* 34.70% 459.33
Smt. Pragya Bhartia Barwale, Whole-time Director** 41.48% 190.55
Shri Alok Singhal, Whole-time Director 17.67% 23.6
Smt. Jayshree Bhartia, Promoter Director 21.99% 3.85
Shri Ravi Kumar, Independent Director ^ 7.07
Smt. Shukla Wassan, Independent Director*** 26.62% 4.36
Shri Sushil Dutt Salwan, Independent Director ^ 4.09
Shri Samrat Banerjee, Independent Director ^ 4.92
Shri Rupark Sarswat, Chief Executive Officer 5.81% 103.16
Shri Anand Singhal, Chief Financial Officer 14.70% 26.78
Shri Ankur Jain, Company Secretary 27.74% 22.07
$ Median Remuneration of Employees.
*Re-Appointed w.e.f. 1 st April, 2026.
**Re-Appointed w.e.f. 24 th June, 2025.
***Re-Appointed w.e.f. 1 st April, 2025.
^ Increase/decrease in remuneration is not reported as the concerned Director/KMP was only for a part of Previous/Current Finan cial
Year.
ii There was a decrease of 2.83% in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year 2025-26.
iii. Number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on 31 st March, 2026 were 1,400.
iv. Average percentile increase made in the salaries of the employees other than managerial personnel in the last financial
year was 7.64% whereas percentile increase in the managerial remuneration was 29.39% for the same financial year.
V. It is affirmed that the remuneration paid to the Directors, Key Managerial personnel and other Employees is as per the
Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company.
Annexure D
[[page 39]]
31
A. Information regarding employees in accordance with the provisions of Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
Top Ten Employees of the Company in terms of remuneration drawn:
SR. NAME AGE IN DESIGNATION NATURE OF #GROSS QUALIFICATIONS TOTAL DATE OF PREVIOUS
NO. YEARS EMPLOYMENT REMUNERATION EXPERIENCE COMMENCEMENT EMPLOYMENT
(IN `````) (YEARS) OF EMPLOYMENT
WITH THE
COMPANY
1 Shri U.S. 72 Chairman and Contract ual 20,54,13,249 B.Com (Hons.) 47 29.11.1996 Managing Director,
Bhartia* Managing India Glycols Ltd.
Director
2. Smt. Pragya 44 Executive Contractual 8,52,15,742 B.A. (Economics & 18 01.08.2008 President-Business
Bhartia Director International Relations), Development, India
Barwale** M.Sc. (Development Glycols Ltd.
Economics)
3. Shri Rupark 54 Chief Executive Permanent 4,61,32,368 B . Tech (Chemical 31 21.12.2020 Managing Director,
Sarswat Officer E ngineering), 3TP Transpek-Silox
Senior Leaders General Industries Private
Management Program Limited
4. Shri Shashi 61 Business Head- Permanent 1,30, 12,915 MBA 37 20.12.2004 Saraya Distillery,
Kant Shukla Gorakhpur Gorakhpur
5. Shri Anand 59 CFO Permanent 1,19,77, 322 FCA 36 02.01.2008 Chief Financial
Singhal Officer, Abhishek
Industries Ltd.
6. Shri Alok 57 Executive Contractual 1,05,53,721 M.Tech (Chem.) 35 04.07.1991 NA
Singhal Director
7. Shri Ankur 51 Head (Legal) & Permanent 98, 69,061 CS, LL.B. 28 01.07.2016 Associate VP &
Jain Company Company Secretary,
Secretary DLF Home
Developers Ltd.
8. Shri 53 Head- Projects Permanent 85,42,7 18 B.E. (Mech.) 30 13.09.2000 Field Engineer,
Bhupendar & Purchase Jacobs HNG Ltd.
Pal Singhal
9. Shri Akshay 52 Head- Sales & Permanent 84,13,012 MBA 26 17.01.2022 Head & General
Bansal Marketing Manager, Mankind
Pharma Ltd.
10. Shri Atul 54 CTO, Head- Permanent 69,40,036 B.E (Electronic), 33 19.08.1997 Synthetics &
Govil SAP & IT PGDBM (Marketing Chemicals Ltd.
& HR)
B. Employed throughout the year and in receipt of remuneration not less than ````` 1,02,00,000/- per annum: Covered in
Point (A) above.
C. Employed for part of the year and in receipt of Remuneration not less than ````` 8,50,000/- per month : Nil
NOTES:
1. #Gross Remuneration shown above includes salary, house rent allowance, Company’s contribution to Provident Fund and other perqui sites.
Value of Perquisites have been calculated on the basis of Income Tax Act, 1961.
2. *Includes a Commission of ` 14.66 crore relating to FY 2025-26 and shall be paid during FY 2026-27.
3. **Includes a Commission of ` 7.33 crore relating to FY 2025-26 and shall be paid during FY 2026-27.
4. None of the employee mentioned above is related to any Director of the Company other than Shri U.S. Bhartia who is related to  Smt. Jayshree
Bhartia as spouse and Smt. Pragya Bhartia Barwale is daughter of Shri U.S. Bhartia and Smt. Jayshree Bhartia.
5. There is no employee who was in receipt of remuneration in excess of that drawn by the Managing Director or Whole-time Direct or and holds not
less than two percent of the equity shares of the Company by himself or alongwith his spouse and dependent children, falling un der the provisions
of Section 197 read with Rule 5(2)(iii) of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
[[page 40]]
32
Our Journey
More than three decades of green innovation
[[page 41]]

[[page 42]]
33
Economy and Industry Overview
During FY 2025–26, the world economy witnessed moderate
growth amid persistent geopolitical tensions, evolving trade
dynamics, inflationary pressures, and tighter financial
conditions across major economies. The Middle East conflict
remained a major ongoing disruption, materially impacting
energy prices, inflation, and global growth in FY26. The
International Monetary Fund (IMF), in its January, 2026 World
Economic Outlook Update, projected the global growth forecast
upward to 3.3% for 2026 and 3.2% for 2027 (subsequently
revised to 3.1% in the April 2026 WEO following escalation of
the Middle East conflict). GDP growth for FY27 is projected in
the 6.5% – 6.9% range reflecting a high base, global
uncertainty, and energy price risks.
The Asia-Pacific economies remain resilient as compared to
the rest of the economies. India, in particular, continued its
growth momentum as the world’s fastest growing major
economy. India delivered a strong macroeconomic
performance in FY 26 reinforcing its position as the fastest
growing major economy globally. GDP growth for FY 26 is
estimated at 7.6%, significantly higher than initial expectations,
supported by robust domestic demand, strong services exports,
and resilient manufacturing activity. The announcement of
reciprocal tariffs by the United States in April 2025 initially raised
concerns over global growth and inflation, but near-term activity
remained resilient. Growth was primarily driven by strong
domestic demand, supported by private consumption and
investment.
The Indian chemical industry broadly outperformed global
peers in FY26. India remains the 6th largest chemical producer
globally, contributing about 7% of national GDP and employing
over 2 million people. Rise in demand from end-user industries
such as food processing, personal care and home care is
driving the development of different segments in India’s
specialty chemicals market. The sector is expected to grow
from USD 250 billion to USD 300 billion by 2028 and USD 1
trillion by 2040. This industry remains an active hub of
opportunities, even in an environment of global uncertainty.
India’s liquor industry continues to demonstrate strong and
structural growth potential. The industry was projected to record
an 8 – 10% revenue growth in FY26, reaching USD 61.97
billion, according to a report by CRISIL Ratings. Premiumisation
remains the dominant trend reshaping the industry, as
increasingly aspirational, urban, and globally influenced Indian
consumers continue to upgrade their preferences across the
value chain. Premium and luxury spirits are likely to witness
faster growth of nearly 15% increasing their share in industry
revenues. Leading players have responded with high-profile
luxury and super-premium launches in FY 2025–26, catering
to this evolving demand.
India is making notable progress toward strengthening its
energy security through the adoption of sustainable initiatives
such as ethanol blending. During the year 2024–25, Oil
Marketing Companies (“OMCs”) had achieved an average
ethanol blending of 19.05%. In the month of July 2025, Ethanol
blending of 19.93% had been achieved. Over the past decade,
this initiative has delivered significant benefits, including
savings in foreign exchange, and a substitution of crude oil.
Further, the program has had a considerable economic impact
on the farmers, making it one of India’s most impactful clean
energy and rural livelihood initiatives. With E20 blending now
achieved, policy attention has turned toward the next frontier.
The country is considering gradually scaling towards E25 and
beyond, including E85/E100 for flex-fuel vehicles, in a phased,
calibrated manner.
The chemical, liquor and power alcohol industries together
continue to play a significant role in supporting industrial
expansion and economic progress. Through sustained
innovation, evolving consumer demand, strategic
collaborations and market diversification, these sectors are
creating new avenues for growth and value creation. As the
Indian economy progresses, these industries demonstrate
strong operational resilience, increasing competitiveness and
the ability to adapt to changing market dynamics.
IGL a unique company globally focusing on bio-based
ingredients and performance chemicals, is well placed to
benefit from these growing industry trends. With a strong focus
on sustainability, innovation, and bio-based manufacturing, the
Company continues to strengthen its position as a distinct and
important player in India’s evolving chemical sector.
Products
IGL one of the leading manufacturers with its presence in Bio-
Based Specialties and Performance Chemicals, Potable Spirits,
Bio-Fuels, Ennature Biopharma, Bio Polymers, and Industrial
Gases. Our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities are working
to provide sustainable value-added products using superior
technologies.
The Company has organised its business into:
A. Bio-Based Specialities and Performance Chemicals
(“BSPC”):-
• Bio-based Glycols (MEG, DEG, TEG and Heavy
Glycols), Glycol Ethers, Glycol Ether Esters, Specialty
chemicals, Bio-Polymers and Industrial Gases.
• Bio-based Ethylene Oxide.
B. Potable Spirits-Indian Made Foreign Liquor (“IMFL”),
Branded Country Liquor and ENA (Extra Neutral Alcohol).
C. Power Alcohol (Bio-Fuel).
D. Ennature Biopharma.
The segment wise business share is indicated as below:-
Segment Gross Revenue % Share
2025-26 ( ````` In crore)
(Domestic+Exports)
A. BIO-BASED SPECIALITIES AND 1,202 12.23
PERFORMANCE CHEMICALS
B. POTABLE SPIRITS 6,946 70.69
C. POWER ALCOHOL (BIO-FUEL) 1,470 14.96
D. ENNATURE BIOPHARMA 208 2.12
TOTAL 9,826 100
Management Discussion & Analysis Report
[[page 43]]
34
Bio-Based Specialties and Performance Chemicals
Segment (BSPC)
During the year under review, Gross revenue in Bio-Based
Specialties and Performance Chemicals Segment was ` 1,202
in comparison to ` 1,341 crore in FY 2024-25. This segment
has contributed 12.23 % of the gross revenue of the Company.
FY 2023-24 2024-25 2025-26
Sales Value ( ` in crore) 1,626 1,341 1,202
Note: Bio-fuel business was created as a segment w.e.f. Q1/FY25 and accordingly its revenue
has been reported separately and does not form part of BSPC segment. However, the
revenue for FY 2023-24 is inclusive of revenue of the Bio-fuel business under BSPC.
Bio-based Glycols
India Glycols Limited (“IGL”) has established itself as a leading
producer of bio-based glycols — encompassing Monoethylene
Glycol (“MEG”), Diethylene Glycol (“DEG”), Triethylene Glycol
(“TEG”), Heavy Glycols, and ethanol — all derived from
renewable sources. IGL’s flagship offering, Bio-based MEG,
delivers a substantially reduced carbon footprint, empowering
companies to meaningfully advance their sustainability
commitments in alignment with the United Nations Sustainable
Development Goals (“UNSDGs”).
The Glycols market has encountered a confluence of
challenges during the year, as elaborated herein below:
Market Dynamics: While, during the most part of the last fiscal,
there was an oversupply of petrochemical-based MEG,
particularly from regions like Middle East and China, which
led to declining prices and intensified competition. However,
with escalated conflicts in West Asia and Middle East towards
the end of last fiscal, the imports of MEG in India were adversely
impacted which has led to a hike in the prices & availability
constraint.
Geopolitical Factors : The impact of Russia-Ukraine conflict
has slowly begun to fade, however, the elevated energy and
processing costs have not yet returned to their previous levels.
Additionally, the middle east war has disrupted the supply chain
resulting in increased prices & inadequate supply in the
domestic market. This has also resulted in a demand squeeze
in the end market due to very high input cost. The gap between
the petro based MEG & Bio based MEG continues to remain a
deciding factor by new potential end users.
Policy Shifts : Changes in U.S. market policies favoring
recycled PET are expected to create some headwinds for the
Bio-MEG sector.
In response to these challenges, IGL has proactively
undertaken a series of strategic initiatives aimed at reinforcing
its market position and long-term competitiveness.
Market Diversification: Leveraging strategic partnerships and
innovative marketing approaches, IGL has successfully
strengthened its market presence across the Far East and
Southeast Asia, effectively offsetting the moderation in demand
from the United States and European markets. This geographic
diversification has enabled the Company to broaden its export
footprint and reduce dependence on any single market.
Sustainability Initiatives: Through collaborations with leading
international technology innovators, IGL has developed the
capability to convert ethanol derived from recycled industrial
carbon emissions into MEG, offering a credible, traceable, and
sustainable sourcing alternative to customers with defined
environmental commitments.
Client Focus: IGL continues to serve a discerning portfolio of
multinational corporations and large enterprises with strong
environmental sustainability mandates, supplying Bio-based
MEG produced from renewable feedstock to key end-use
industries including beverages, packaging, and textile fibres.
This client-centric approach reinforces IGL’s reputation as a
preferred partner for sustainability-driven procurement.
For Bio-based Glycols & Others (other than Glycol Ether &
Specialty Chemicals), the Company registered a sales value
of ` 620 crore during the year under review as compared to
` 885 crore during previous year. The sales volumes for glycols
were 32,170 MT and 27,736 MT in the corresponding years.
The global MEG market is projected to expand from USD 24.16
billion in 2022 to USD 30.98 billion by 2030, reflecting a
Compound Annual Growth Rate (“CAGR”) of approximately
3.2%. This growth is primarily driven by rising demand for
polyester fibres in the textile industry, particularly across the
Asia-Pacific region.
India, however, presents a more compelling growth narrative,
with the domestic MEG market anticipated to expand at a
CAGR of approximately 7-8%, significantly surpassing the
global average, underpinned by robust domestic PET demand
and sustained growth in textile and apparel exports.
Against this favourable backdrop, IGL is well-positioned to
capitalise on the growing global appetite for sustainable
alternatives, as acceptance of Bio-based MEG continues to
gain momentum across green markets. With an increasing
number of customers actively adopting Bio-MEG as a credible
and environmentally responsible alternative to petrochemical-
based MEG, the Company anticipates steady and sustained
growth in this segment in the years ahead.
Glycol Ethers
Glycol ethers are gradually shifting from commodity status to
specialized applications due to environmental regulations.
There is a notable move from E-series (ethylene-based) to P-
series (propylene-based) ethers, which are considered lower
in toxicity. There is a steady growth in the domestic paints and
coatings sector supported demand despite global supply chain
hiccups. The primary driver is the demand for water-borne
coatings and high-performance cleaners in the electronics and
automotive industries.
The Glycol Ether business of the Company has faced
significant headwinds during the year, driven primarily by a
[[page 44]]
35
pronounced decline in international prices of competing
products, including Butyl and Propyl Glycol Ethers. This price
deterioration is largely attributable to a reduction in feedstock
costs in China, a dominant global producer, enabling Chinese
manufacturers to offer more competitively priced products
across Southeast Asian markets, thereby intensifying
competitive pressures on IGL’s export volumes.
As a consequence, IGL experienced a moderation in sales to
both China and Southeast Asian markets. The adverse impact
of subdued international prices was not confined to export
markets alone; the domestic market was equally affected, as
traders recalibrated their pricing in line with prevailing Chinese
import levels, further compressing realisation and margins for
domestically produced Glycol Ethers.
To counter the above headwinds in this segment IGL adjusted
its pricing strategy. Given that IGL products are Bio-based,
IGL tried to leverage the product attributes like low carbon
footprint and green environmental friendly products to its
advantage and garner some share in the export market.
Domestic market continues to remain steady despite
competition from low-cost butyl, propyl based products as IGL
is the only producer of ethylene based ethers in India.
Overall, the business demonstrated resilience through
disciplined execution, strategic agility, and a focused approach
to sustaining market position amid a challenging operating
environment.
The global glycol ethers market is projected to grow at 5.5%
(CAGR) over the next 5 years. This growth is driven by
increasing demand in sectors such as paints and coatings,
pharmaceuticals, and personal care products. However, it is
expected that Butyl/Propyl based ethers will be contributing to
this increase in demand whereas ethylene based ethers will
remain under pressure. Therefore, by focusing on sustainable
solutions, strategic partnerships, and innovative applications,
IGL is well-positioned to navigate the competitive landscape
effectively and capitalize on emerging opportunities in the glycol
ethers market.
The sales value remained ` 221 crore in FY 2025-26 as
compared to ` 252 crore in FY 2024-25 whereas the sales
volumes were 17,827 MT and 19,447 MT in the corresponding
year.
Performance Chemicals (Specialty Chemicals)
Guided by a bold and forward-looking growth strategy, IGL is
embarking on a transformative journey, introducing cutting-
edge specialty product ranges that significantly broaden our
footprint across the performance chemicals segment. Our focus
remains firmly on developing differentiated chemistries and
applications that address evolving market demands, niche
applications across the globe.
IGL is proud to have successfully developed Bio-Amines which
is a landmark achievement. The unique Bio-Amines are
specifically engineered for cosmetics and pharmaceutical
applications, including advanced hair care and skin care
formulations. IGL has made history by becoming the first
company in the world to develop bio-based amines derived
from sustainable, renewable raw materials. This pioneering
innovation reflects our commitment to sustainability while
delivering superior performance for our customers.
IGL is actively engaged with leading MNCs in the personal
care space and has already commenced successful
commercial deliveries on a global scale, marking a strong
market entry and validating the good potential of this product
range.
IGL has launched a portfolio of innovative, value-added
specialty products designed to maximize operational
performance, enhance upstream and downstream processing
efficiency, and support customers in achieving their ambitious
sustainability and ESG targets. These products have garnered
strong market acceptance and demonstrated measurable
impact. Building on this momentum, we expanded our Oil &
Gas product portfolio further during this financial year and our
pipeline of innovations continues to grow.
It is noteworthy that while geopolitical tensions and the ongoing
conflict in the Middle East created headwinds impacting
demand and supply chains in Q4 of the financial year, our
long-term outlook for this segment remains robust.
IGL is also making meaningful strides in crop protection with
the development of Methyl Ester and its advanced formulations
tailored for Oil Dispersion (OD) applications. These
formulations offer a powerful, sustainable alternative to
conventional hydrocarbon solvents.
Additionally, Glycols and their derivatives have been identified
as promising candidates for EC (Emulsifiable Concentrate)
formulations, offering a viable replacement for hazardous (HAZ)
solvents — further reinforcing our commitment to safer, cleaner
agricultural chemistry. 
The sales value achieved was ` 55 crore in FY 2025-26 as
compared to ` 40 crore in FY 2024-25 whereas the sales
volumes were 2,804 MT and 2,049 MT, respectively.
Bio-based Ethylene Oxide
The Company continues to supply Bio-based Ethylene Oxide
to its JV entity (Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private
Limited) as per the agreed terms.
The Company has also managed to develop a market for supply
of EO within a limited distance in view of the safety aspects
involved in transportation of EO over large distances. Although,
we do face competition in this segment from the pricing of
petro based EO but the logistic advantage of being located in
the north nearer to the manufacturing unit offers an opportunity.
Bio-Polymers
The Bio-Polymer business centered on guar presents a strong
growth opportunity due to guar gum’s wide industrial utility,
India’s dominant global supply position, and increasing demand
for natural, sustainable ingredients. 
Guar (cluster bean, Cyamopsis tetragonoloba) is a drought-
resistant legume native to India and traditionally consumed as
a vegetable. Its seed endosperm yields guar gum, a
multifunctional natural biopolymer widely used as a rheology
modifier, thickener, stabilizer, binder, and viscosity enhancer
across industries. India is the world’s largest producer of guar
[[page 45]]
36
gum, supplying nearly 80% of global demand. Within India,
Rajasthan is the leading cultivation state, contributing over 80%
of domestic output, followed by Gujarat and Haryana. Guar is
also cultivated in Pakistan, the United States, Australia, and
parts of Africa.
Guar gum’s excellent hydration and gel-forming capability make
it especially valuable in the oil and gas sector, where it is
extensively used in hydraulic fracturing fluids. In the food
industry, guar gum is a critical ingredient in products such as
bakery items, dairy products, sauces, and ice cream, where it
improves texture, moisture retention, and shelf life.
The rising global preference for natural additives and clean-
label ingredients is accelerating demand for guar gum as a
plant-based thickening and stabilizing agent. Beyond food and
energy, It is increasingly used in personal care,
pharmaceuticals, mining, paper, textiles, and other industrial
sectors. The global market for guar gum powder continues to
expand, driven by growth in personal care, processed foods,
pharmaceuticals, and oilfield applications.
IGL has established a strong value chain in this business and
is strategically focusing on derivatized guar products to improve
functionality, enhance performance, and develop innovative
applications wherever premium viscosity modification is
required. To ensure sustainable growth in its biopolymer
business, IGL is pursuing strategic alliances and partnerships,
leveraging innovation to create new applications while adding
value to existing derivatives through differentiated performance
and enhanced properties.
The sales value were ` 38 crore in FY 2025-26 as compared
to ` 37 crore in FY 2024-25 where Sales volume increased to
1,588 MT from 1,418 MT.
Industrial Gases
The sector is seeing a massive CAPEX cycle. Many new
capacities have become operational making this segment very
competitive. New capacities in Oxygen and Argon have kept
the prices in check with ample availability. Last year witnessed
significant expansion in on-site gas generation.
During the year under review, the total gas production of the
division reached 71,887 MT and registered a sales volume of
68,041 MT. The Company registered the highest ever sale of
43,443 MT for Carbob Dioxide in FY 2025-26 as supplies were
made to new customers in addition to existing  customers.
The Air Separation Unit achieved sales, including:
- Sale of 13,048 MT of Liquid Oxygen, with 1,542 MT
exported globally.
- Sale of 1,742 MT of Liquid Argon.
The Gas Division produced 44,218 MT and sold 43,443 MT of
Beverage and Industrial Grade Liquid Carbon Dioxide LCO 2
from the Kashipur plant. IGL has also done debottlenecking of
Liquid CO 2 plant which will improve the overall yield in the
coming year and make larger volumes available for sale.
In line with its long-term vision to build business on strength of
superior quality the Company has taken steps to invest in
upgradation of quality control equipment. IGL has adopted ISO
13485:2016 for its EO-CO 2 gas mixtures cylinder filling plant
for ‘Manufacturing, Sales & Distribution of Cylinders filled with
Ethylene Oxide and Carbon Dioxide at different ratios
applicable for Medical use which help in exploring new markets
and expand customer base.
The Company also produced ETO (Ethylene Oxide & Carbon
Dioxide Gas Mixtures) under the trade name IGL-STERI GAS
at its Kashipur Plant. This product is specifically designed for
sterilization of Disposable Surgical & Medical Devices, It is
also used for spices and packing substances like rubber, plastic
etc. The Company has in-house facilities for production of EO
and LCO2 which are used in production of ETO and as such it
is the only plant in India to have such manufacturing facility,
which gives it a distinct edge over other suppliers in the market.
During the year under review, the Company has sold 1,862
MT of STERI GAS as compared to 1,796 MT in the last year.
Despite the entry of new Air Separation Unit (ASU) capacities
in the North and East Indian markets, your Company feels
that with dedication to quality and customer satisfaction it will
have an edge over competition, ensuring that your Company
remains a market leader, the future seems positive.
The Industrial Gases business registered total sales of all gases
of ` 46 crore as compared to ` 58 crore during the last year.
FY 2023-24 2024-25 2025-26
Sales Value (` in crore) 52 58 46
Power Alcohol (Bio-Fuels)
Power Alcohol presents a compelling and sustainable
alternative to conventional fossil fuels, offering significant
environmental and economic advantages. Its renewable origin,
cleaner emission profile, and potential to meaningfully reduce
dependence on fossil fuels position it as a strategic enabler in
India’s transition towards a sustainable energy future.
IGL’s Power Alcohol plants continue to play an integral role in
advancing sustainable energy solutions, operating in direct
alignment with the Government’s policy framework for ethanol
blending in petrol. In furtherance of its commitment to
sustainable and renewable ingredients, the Company
undertook a significant capacity enhancement of its Bio-Fuel
ethanol plants at both Kashipur and Gorakhpur during the
recent years. These expanded capacities are expected to
further strengthen the Company’s position as a leading ethanol
manufacturer and enhance its ability to fulfil larger supply
commitments.
The Company is amongst the foremost suppliers of Bio-Fuels
to Oil Marketing Companies (“OMCs”) through competitive
[[page 46]]
37
tender participation under the Government of India’s Ethanol
Blending Programme (“EBP”). For the third consecutive year,
the Company has been allocated quantities for the supply of
Ethanol under the EBP for the Ethanol Supply Year (“ESY”)
from November 2025 to October 2026, reaffirming its
established standing in the programme.
India effectively reached the E20 (20% ethanol blending)
threshold. Further, growth depends on the government’s pivot
toward E100 or increased diversion to the chemical industry.
The Company registered a revenue of ` 1,470 crore during
financial year 2025-26 as compared to ` 1,043 crore last year.
Potable Spirits and Extra Neutral Alcohol (ENA)
The Potable Spirits segment, encompassing Indian Made
Foreign Liquor (IMFL), Country Liquor, and Extra Neutral
Alcohol (ENA), continues to be a key growth driver for the
Company, supported by its two state-of-the-art distilleries
strategically located at Kashipur, Uttarakhand and Gorakhpur,
Uttar Pradesh, with a combined production capacity of 3,79,000
Kilolitres (“KL”) per annum for ethyl alcohol, of which 1,35,788
KL per annum is dedicated to potable alcohol production. The
Kashipur facility, in particular, is widely regarded as one of the
most efficient distilleries in the country, bearing testament to
the Company’s commitment to operational excellence and best-
in-class manufacturing standards.
The ENA market remains robust due to the “premiumization”
of the Indian liquor industry. Raw material volatility impacted
margins in early 2025, but prices have since softened.
During the year, the division reported a strong financial
performance with gross sales value increasing to ` 6,755 crore
from ` 6,306 crore in the previous year, whereas the net sales
also rise to ` 1,331 crore from ` 1,163 crore in the previous
year.
In addition to producing industrial alcohol for captive
consumption, IGL is amongst the leading exporters of superior
quality Extra Neutral Alcohol (“ENA”), serving discerning
customers across domestic and international markets. Further
reinforcing its sustainability credentials, the Company has been
certified by Control Union — a globally recognised international
certifying agency — under the “Bonsucro MB Chain of Custody
Standard” for ENA-Special Spirit, underscoring IGL’s
unwavering commitment to responsible sourcing and
sustainable production practices. Also, our ENA has been
accorded the Gold Quality award by Monde Selection 2026
(an Internationally recognized Quality Institute) based in
Belgium. The Gold Quality Award is granted following a
thorough, independent evaluation conducted by an
international jury of experts. Each product is assessed
according to a comprehensive set of criteria tailored to its
category ensuring that the award truly reflects outstanding
Quality standards. By earning this distinction, ENA joins a select
group of products internationally recognised for their superior
quality. This achievement strengthens our reputation in both
International & domestic markets, enhancing brand credibility
while opening new opportunities for growth, visibility and
strategic partnerships.
The Company maintained its sales in the domestic market.
However, export of ENA declined as competition from
producers in West India and neighboring Pakistan were able
to offer lower prices. As a result, your Company diverted larger
volumes to Bio-fuels under the Ethanol Blended Petrol Program
of the government which has been giving better realization.
ENA continues to be a critical input for India’s alcoholic
beverage industry, with a substantial share of demand driven
by the expanding IMFL segment and export-oriented blending
requirements. The market is witnessing a clear shift towards
grain-based ENA, supported by premiumization trends, rising
disposable incomes, evolving consumer preferences, and a
regulatory push for higher quality standards. Recovery in
tourism, hospitality, and premium consumption has further
accelerated demand.
Beyond potable alcohol, ENA has wide applications across
pharmaceuticals, flavors & fragrances, cosmetics, and personal
care, where it is used in formulations such as medicines,
syrups, antiseptics, and sprays. IGL remains a key and trusted
supplier in North India across both beverage and pharma
segments, catering to leading companies with consistent
quality.
IGL’s strong quality positioning is reinforced through long-
standing partnerships with global players like Bacardi, where
its ENA is used for manufacturing a full product range, as well
as strategic tie-ups with premium brands such as Amrut
Distilleries for manufacturing, bottling, and marketing in North
India. These partnerships not only enhance margins but also
strengthen the Company’s brand equity, underlining the
consistent quality of ENA produced by IGL.
Strategic partnerships have further strengthened the
Company’s market position and brand portfolio. Its collaboration
with Bacardi International underscores the quality of its ENA,
which is utilized at Bacardi’s flagship facility, while also enabling
wider distribution across North and East India. Additionally,
the partnership with Amrut Distilleries has expanded the
Company’s presence in premium and luxury segments,
including Indian single malts and other high-end spirits,
enhancing its portfolio across price points. With exclusive
regional offerings and a comprehensive brand range—from
mass-market products to premium labels—the Company is
well-positioned to capture incremental market share. Its
inclusion in defence supply channels (CSD and paramilitary
forces) further broadens distribution reach. Overall, the
Company’s strategic focus on branded spirits is expected to
drive both revenue growth and margin expansion in the coming
years.
The Company has sustained its leadership in the branded
country liquor segment, particularly in Uttar Pradesh and
Uttarakhand, where it commands sizeable market share. In
Uttar Pradesh, “Bunty Babli®” brand continues to be the highest
selling brand in the country liquor segment. Its diversified IMFL
portfolio, spanning whisky and vodka categories, has gained
strong consumer acceptance, with brands such as Amazing
Vodka and Zumba Lemoni demonstrating robust market
traction. The Company also remains a significant supplier to
the domestic pharmaceutical, homeopathic, and perfumery
sectors, reinforcing its position as a reliable ENA producer.
[[page 47]]
38
The continuation of the Excise Liquor Policy in Delhi, where
business is conducted exclusively through government-
controlled bodies, has yielded positive outcomes, particularly
in managing outstanding payments and improving the
distribution reach of the Company’s products in PET bottle
format.
In Uttar Pradesh, the Company holds a significant market share
in the flavoured Vodka category within the Tetra segment,
reinforcing its strong regional presence. Meanwhile, following
amendments to Uttarakhand’s Excise Policy that now permit
the sale of liquor in Tetra Packs across both IMFL and Country
Liquor categories, the Company has successfully commenced
deliveries in this new packaging format, opening further
avenues for growth.
FY 2023-24 2024-25 2025-26
Sales Value (` in crore) 5,558 6,306 6,755
Molasses Based Alcohol
The alcohol produced from Molasses at IGL is certified under
the ISCC PLUS (“International Sustainability and Carbon
Certification”) framework, a rigorous and globally recognised
certification system that sets the benchmark for verifying
sustainability and traceability across supply chains, particularly
in the bioenergy, food, feed, and chemical sectors. The ISCC
PLUS certification provides assurance that materials are
produced sustainably, with demonstrably lower greenhouse
gas emissions and in full adherence to internationally
recognised human rights standards.
The attainment of this certification reinforces IGL’s commitment
to responsible and sustainable manufacturing practices.
Beyond compliance, the ISCC PLUS certification significantly
enhances the Company’s commercial positioning by validating
its use of Circular and Bio-Circular category raw materials —
a credential increasingly sought after by global customers with
stringent sustainability procurement mandates. This
certification therefore serves both as a mark of operational
integrity and a strategic enabler of broader business
opportunities in sustainability-driven markets.
Ennature Biopharma
During the year, your Company registered sale value of ` 205
crore as compared to ` 217 crore last year in the Bio-pharma
division, decline of 5% from the previous year.
At Ennature Biopharma, Innovation is guided by a steadfast
commitment to sustainability, scientific excellence, and social
responsibility. We develop safe, plant based ingredients for
the pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, and food & beverage
industries – each formulated through environmentally
responsible processes and backed by rigorous clinical
validation.
In the API segment, the Company sustained its market share
in Thiocolchicoside in FY 25-26, maintaining its position as
one of the leading suppliers in both domestic and international
markets.
To offset stiff competition from new players in Nicotine segment,
the Company is focusing on aggressive diversification of
customer base and working towards building value added
Nicotine derivatives business for sustainable growth.
In Nutra vertical, as a part of our ongoing efforts to build branded
nutraceutical Ingredients range, the Company has successfully
launched two branded ingredients supported by promising
clinical outcome. Xanthogreen™ has received the Natural
Choice Award (Ingredients Edition) in the Active Lifestyle
category from WholeFoods Magazine. The Company continues
to strengthen the science of existing branded nutraceutical
ingredients by conducting some additional clinical studies.
During the year under review, the division achieved NSF GMP
certification — a globally recognized mark of distinction that
places Ennature Biopharma among an elite group of
manufacturers committed to the highest standards of quality,
safety, and regulatory compliance in the dietary supplements
and nutraceuticals space. Furthermore, to boost margins we
have undertaken initiatives such as cost optimization, capacity
debottlenecking and mitigating risk associated with input raw
materials.
A key differentiator lies in our use of 100% green Supercritical
Fluid CO and sugarcane-derived ethanol for solvent-free
extractions. These methods, supported by complete solvent
recovery systems, enable us to maintain zero liquid and zero
solid discharge. By converting plant biomass into energy, we
cover our major energy requirements, significantly reducing
our carbon footprint and supporting our climate-positive
manufacturing model.
Our raw material sourcing is deeply ethical and community
driven. Partnering with Indian farmers groups and cooperatives,
we promote organic cultivation, fair-trade practices, and local
community development. Key ingredient is traceable from farm
to formulation, and undergoes rigorous testing to comply with
USP, Ph. Eur., and Indian Pharmacopeia standards.
FY 2023-24 2024-25 2025-26
Sales Value (` in crore) 202 217 205
[[page 48]]
39
Exports
Exports continue to be a key pillar of the Company’s growth
strategy, providing geographical diversification, access to larger
markets, and opportunities to leverage its manufacturing
capabilities across all segments.
The Indian chemical industry is navigating a volatile but
transitional phase, with the ‘India Advantage’ remaining intact
on the back of robust domestic consumption, even as liquidity
and working capital tighten due to freight rate fluctuations and
rising inventory costs.
On the geopolitical front, the middle east conflict did throw
logistics related challenges with high sea freight and disrupted
shipping schedules. However, IGL has managed to establish
alternative arrangements so that supply chain is not disrupted.
The immediate shock of the Ukraine-Russia war has largely
subsided, structurally elevated energy prices continue to keep
production costs high for energy-intensive chemical segments.
A significant counterweight to these pressures is the India-US
trade deal concluded in early 2026, which reduced tariffs on
certain chemicals from 50% to 18%, providing meaningful
margin relief and improving IGL’s competitiveness against
Chinese exporters in the US market. Against this backdrop,
India Glycols Limited is well-positioned to capitalise on the
global shift towards sustainable sourcing, with its bio-based
product portfolio resonating strongly with multinational buyers
committed to environmental responsibility.
The Company’s strategic focus on green chemistry, reinforced
by innovative technologies such as converting ethanol from
recycled carbon emissions into MEG derivatives, has
established IGL as a trusted supplier to global brands seeking
to reduce their carbon footprints. Going forward, IGL is looking
to leverage the tariff advantage in the US market aggressively,
diversify export routes, expand its green product lines to
penetrate high-value ESG-driven markets, and strengthen
domestic collaborations to mitigate the impact of residual trade
barriers — positioning itself for profitable, sustainable export
growth in an increasingly complex global trade landscape.
Most of the leading chemical companies have their own internal
targets of reducing carbon footprints & adopting green and
sustainable solutions. This philosophy of moving towards green
products gels well with IGL’s vision & mission of catering to
such markets.
IGL holds the distinction of Three Star Export House granted
by the Govt. of India. With recent proactive approach of the
Indian Govt. in forging free trade agreements and other reforms
& policies initiatives, IGL is well placed to position itself as a
source of well established & certified green chemicals to
international customers including in far east & southeast Asia
markets for its green glycols. Additionally, it is engaged with
significantly large players in PET/Polyester segments in Europe
& the USA where it hopes to export bulk commercial volumes
soon.
In light of the recent trend towards green chemicals, IGL is
also positioning its Glycol Ethers in the world markets as
certified green products with lower carbon footprints to compete
against petro based Butyl/Propyl based Ethers which are priced
lower. It is expected that this strategic green positioning will
help in bridging the price gap by offering additional product
attributes. In Ethylene based Glycol Ether segment IGL has
been a major player in the world markets over the last many
years catering to South East Asia, China & Middle east markets.
In the recent years IGL did face stiff competition from petro
based products in terms of low pricing. We are hopeful that
the new aggressive strategy will help IGL regain its position of
significant Glycol Ether supplier to the world markets.
India continues to strengthen its position as a leading global
supplier of Extra Neutral Alcohol (ENA), driven by its robust
sugarcane and grain-based distillery infrastructure, competitive
production costs, and consistent quality standards. During the
year under review, ENA exports witnessed steady momentum,
supported by growing international demand from the beverage,
pharmaceutical, and personal care industries. The favourable
policy environment, coupled with increased capacity utilisation
across domestic distilleries, has enabled Indian manufacturers
to meet stringent global quality benchmarks and expand their
footprint in key export markets across Southeast Asia, Africa,
and the Middle East. Going forward, rising global consumption
of alcoholic beverages, increased preference for
pharmaceutical-grade neutral spirits, and India’s inherent
feedstock advantage are expected to sustain export growth.
The Company remains well-positioned to capitalise on these
opportunities by leveraging its established customer
relationships, quality certifications, and supply chain capabilities
to drive incremental volumes and enhance its share of the
global ENA trade.
The Ennature Bio Pharma division remained an important
contributor for the export revenues. Looking ahead, the
strategic focus will be on growing the contribution of
nutraceuticals to overall turnover, with particular emphasis on
expanding branded, clinically validated products in the United
States. In parallel, the division will continue to pursue
registration of its branded nutraceutical offerings across highly
regulated markets in the Asia-Pacific region.
To further strengthen the product portfolio, the division plans
to commercialize new products within the API segment. In the
Nicotine segment, efforts will be directed toward diversifying
the customer base across various categories, thereby
deepening market presence and reducing concentration risk.
Despite near-term geopolitical and macroeconomic
uncertainties, the long-term outlook for exports remains
positive. The Company believes that its diversified product
portfolio, established customer relationships, commitment to
quality, and ability to adapt to evolving market conditions
position it well to capitalize on emerging opportunities in
international markets while effectively managing associated
risks.
During the year under review, your Company has recorded
export sales value of ` 503 crore as compared to ` 541 crore
during last year.
[[page 49]]
40
FY 2023-24 2024-25 2025-26
Export Sales Value 535 541 503
(` in crore)
Financial Review
During the FY 2025-26 on a standalone basis, your Company
recorded gross revenue of ` 9,870 crore (the highest ever
revenue) as compared to ` 9,052 crore in FY 2024-25.
Whereas, the profits after depreciation and tax for the FY 2025-
26 were ` 282 crore as compared to ` 180 crore during the FY
2024-25. For more financial and performance details, Board
Report be referred.
During the year under review, the Gross Fixed Assets has
increased to ` 5,206.03 crore in FY 2025-26 from ` 4,377 crore
in FY 2024-25.
The Company has been regular in meeting its obligations
towards timely payment of principal/interest to the financial
Institutions and Banks.
Key Financial Ratios
Details of Key Financial Ratios and explanation for significant
changes therein are provided in note no. 61 to the Standalone
Financial Statements for FY 2025-26.
Outlook
India’s manufacturing sector is gaining from a strong economy,
government incentives, and supportive policies. These will likely
drive industrial growth and increase domestic demand in the
coming year.
The chemical industry in India is navigating a transition from a
challenging 2025-26 period, marked by global overcapacity
and margin pressure, toward a more stable 2026-27. Domestic
demand remains the primary engine of growth, particularly in
construction, automotive, and packaging. IGL is aligning its
growth plans with sustainability, innovation, and global trends
by partnering with international technology leaders to produce
MEG using recycled industrial carbon emissions. This move
enhances our eco-friendly product range and positions us as
a leader in providing sustainable, low-carbon solutions to meet
growing global demand.
Mono Ethylene Glycol (MEG) remains the largest segment
within the ethylene glycol market and is projected to grow
steadily at an estimated CAGR of 4.5–6% through 2030,
depending on regional demand patterns and application mix.
This growth is primarily driven by rising demand from the
polyester fiber industry, PET bottle resin production, expansion
of the textile and packaging sectors, increasing use in
automotive coolants and antifreeze formulations, industrial
solvent applications, oil & gas dehydration processes, and the
growing preference for sustainable and bio-based chemical
solutions.
At the same time, Bio-MEG (Bio-based Mono Ethylene Glycol)
is expected to witness even stronger growth over the next five
years as industries increasingly shift toward low-carbon and
renewable raw materials.
By staying at the forefront of technological advancements and
global market trends, IGL is well-positioned to anticipate future
needs, seize emerging opportunities, and deliver sustained
value to all stakeholders under Performance Chemical
business.
The joint venture with Clariant International Ltd, Switzerland,
represents a significant milestone in this strategic direction.
By combining IGL’s expertise in renewable chemicals with
Clariant’s global market presence and advanced technology
capabilities, the partnership aims to deliver sustainable green
ethylene oxide derivatives, particularly for the rapidly expanding
home care and personal care sectors across India and
neighbouring markets.
India’s specialty chemicals industry plays a vital role in the
nation’s economy and export growth. These high-value,
performance-driven chemicals are used in relatively small
quantities but deliver significant functional benefits across a
wide range of sectors, including agriculture, pharmaceuticals,
textiles, personal care, automotive, construction, and
electronics. The industry’s strong growth is being driven by:
• increasing domestic consumption supported by
urbanization and rising income levels,
• expanding export opportunities under the China+1
strategy,
• growing infrastructure and construction activities boosting
demand for construction chemicals, paints, coatings,
adhesives and related consumer products.
• the rising preference for sustainable, green, and bio-based
chemical solutions.
IGL’s strategic investments in bio-specialty chemicals,
supported by its advanced R&D facility at Kashipur, are creating
a strong platform for sustainable long-term value generation.
The Company is also actively partnering with global technology
leaders in research and development, focusing on innovative
areas such as bitterness masking and selective adsorption
technologies for herbal extracts, further strengthening its
position in high-value specialty solutions.
The spirits business continues to benefit from rising disposable
incomes, evolving lifestyle preferences, and supportive excise
policies. At IGL, we are focused on premiumizing our brand
portfolio to enhance both top-line growth and bottom-line
profitability. With expanded production capacity and strategic
partnerships with leading players such as Bacardi Limited and
Amrut Distilleries, we are well-positioned to accelerate growth
in both volume and profitability within this segment.
[[page 50]]
41
The Government of India’s strong push toward ethanol blending
in petrol, with the successful achievement and nationwide
rollout of 20% ethanol blending (E20), presents a significant
growth opportunity for the industry.
The Ennature Biopharma segment offers strong future growth
opportunities, supported by the expanding global nutraceuticals
market, which is being driven by increasing health
consciousness, preventive healthcare adoption, and rising
demand for functional foods, dietary supplements, and wellness
products. As the Company’s nutraceuticals and API business,
Ennature Biopharma is well-positioned to leverage this
momentum through its strong international B2B presence and
scientifically supported product portfolio. With a strong
emphasis on innovation, sustainability, and wellness, along
with an active patent development pipeline, Ennature continues
to build a solid foundation for sustainable long-term growth.
Despite global challenges, India’s economic outlook remains
strong and resilient, offering significant opportunities for
sustainable growth. IGL continues to stay agile by closely
tracking market trends and adapting proactively to evolving
business dynamics. Backed by strategic partnerships,
expanded capacities, innovation and sustainable solutions, the
Company is well-positioned to achieve consistent growth,
strengthen its market leadership, and create long-term value
across all its business segments.
Sustainability-Health, Safety, Environment and
Management Systems
IGL prioritizes employee’s Safety, Health and Environment as
a responsible corporate citizen. We continue to strengthen our
policies around Quality, Safety, Health, Environment
Stewardship & Energy conservation. It extends support to
stakeholders and influencing the entire value chain. This also
helps in maintaining environmental impacts.
Health
Your Company accords very high priority to provide healthy
and safe working environment. The Company has a medical
centre at factory site with basic amenities; two qualified and
experienced doctors with trained and experienced para-medical
personnel who are available round the clock to meet any
contingency. The Company also has a qualified Occupational
Health Physician and the Company also has ambulances to
provide necessary assistance in case of any emergency.
All employees are required to undergo annual medical check-
up for early diagnosis of any health problem. For the well-being
of the Employees and Contractual workers, the Company has
started monitoring lifestyle diseases and providing in-house
follow-up facilities for the same, this helps us to improve the
health index.
IGL has made arrangements for treatment of employees and
their dependents under the mediclaim insurance policy, which
allows employee to avail treatment from any of the listed
hospitals without having to make any cash payments. The
Company is organizing many health awareness talks, Health
camps and First aid training for all the Employees, Family
members and Contractual workers.
The Company organizes blood donation camp as part of
community welfare activities. The Company also organized
medical camps at nearby villages and organize/assist in
National health related programs in the nearby villages as part
of community welfare activities.
Safety
Your Company has set up elaborate safety systems to ensure
a safe work environment. Emphasis is given to prevention of
any accident. As a result of strict safety norms being followed,
we have been able to maintain good safety record and have
received various prestigious national and international safety
awards recognizing our efforts in the area of safety.
A Central Safety Committee has been constituted to
continuously review and upgrade the safe working practices.
Emergency management plan is in place for mitigating any
kind of emergency. Proper systems have been set up to record
and report any accident, which is thoroughly investigated and
corrective action taken for future prevention.
At work place appropriate protective equipment and gears are
provided to the employees and usage of the same is strictly
monitored to ensure a high level of safety. Training programs
are regularly conducted for training the employees in proper
use of safety equipment and following the safe work practices.
The Company always encourages internal and external
stakeholder by conducting motivational program on safety by
celebration of National Safety Day, Fire Service Day and
Transport safety awareness program to promote safe work
practices and environment inside and outside premises.
Various incentive schemes are in operation for motivating the
employees to work in a safe environment. The Company has
its own Fire Station fully equipped with Fire Tenders, modern
communication facilities and an elaborate auto fire hydrant
system and other equipment which are manned and supervised
by trained experts. There is also an auto fire alarm system
covering all the areas. Live fire training drills are organized to
provide hands-on training to the employees.
Environmental Stewardship
Environmental stewardship refers to responsible use and
protection of the natural environment through conservation and
sustainable practices.
Your Company uses molasses, a residue of sugar mills
generated in the process of manufacturing of sugar. The
molasses is converted into alcohol in the captive distillery and
thereafter used in the process to make ethylene oxide and its
products. Company has set up elaborate systems by making
substantial capital investments for proper treatment of the
effluent generated and meets all the requirements in this
regard. The Company has also installed Rainwater Harvesting
systems and keeps on working for reduction of water footprint
(WFP).
To make the system more environmentally friendly, we have
developed a green belt all around our factory by growing
approx. 1,20,000 trees of different species some of which are
fruit bearing in addition to providing green cover. All possible
efforts are being made to preserve the environment and
improve the same.
[[page 51]]
42
The Company has already achieved zero effluent discharge
from its Ethanol Plants by having concentrated effluent burning
in specially designed Boilers. The Company has installed zero
liquid discharge unit for high Chemical Oxygen Demand and
high Biological Oxygen Demand effluent streams from various
units.
The Company focuses on effective integration with the basic
philosophy of resource optimisation, use of alternative sources.
The liquid effluent from Distillery is concentrated in the
evaporator system to generate concentrated spent wash (slop).
The Slop (concentrated spent wash) from the evaporator is
used as fuel for the generation of steam and electricity. This is
a novel boiler that has been developed for utilization of
concentrated spent wash and generation of steam therefrom.
The Company has taken waste-to-wealth project by installation
of unit to recover Potash (K 2SO4) granulation from waste as
“Boiler Ash” and spent wash from molasses based distillery.
Sustainable Environment and Climate Change Initiatives
The emission of greenhouse gases by mankind in the last
century has brought about the current climate crisis.
India Glycols provides Sustainable solutions with defined action
plans and standard based on Life Cycle Assessment (LCA)
methodologies. Our Sustainable Solutions enable customers
to identify, evaluate and select the right materials and
confidently choose high-performance materials that advance
their environmental and business goals.
There are number of sustainable solutions and products that
IGL offers. The raw material, properties, performance and
content of these materials make a significant contribution to
mitigate environmental impact, by lowering carbon emissions
and helping resource consumption optimization.
Your Company is continuously working for integrating the life
cycle perspective in management system, as per revised
Environmental Management System for bringing product and
process in a more sustainable direction.
The Company believes in life cycle approach which directs
business to consider responsibility on environmental protection
from raw material procurement to product use. Company has
conducted comparative LCA study of Bio-Mono Ethylene Glycol
(Bio-MEG) based on ISO 14044-2006 standards and
determining several Environmental Impacts (including Carbon
Foot-Print) from its Renewable Manufacturing Approaches. The
LCA analysis was carried out using the licensed software tool,
SimaPro, and the reports are regularly updated to ensure
relevance and accuracy.
In continuation Company has also conducted LCA study for
its other products such as Bio-Ethanol, Bio-Ethylene Oxide,
Bio-Glycols, Bio-Ethanolamine and Bio-Poly Ethylene Glycols
etc. The Company is also working continuously on LCA study
for its other products such as Ethylene Oxide derivatives and
specialty chemicals.
Your Company has become a key partner in the supply chain
for innovative process of MEG, Ethylene Oxide and derivatives
production by utilizing biotechnologically converted Ethanol
from industrial carbon emissions. In continuation, the Company
has also conducted LCA study for these products and enabled
customers to evaluate the products and choose the same to
achieve their environmental and business goals.
The Company always encourages stakeholders’ by conducting
motivational programs on the World Environmental Day and
Earth day. The focus of the World Environment Day and Earth
day Program is to promote environmental stewardship
practices. A special campaign is taken up with communities,
employees and individuals to come together and explore
sustainable alternatives to reduce Air Pollution and encourage
to participate in water conservation practices. The Company
has taken up several initiatives in promoting climate change
and environment-sustainable projects.
Management Systems
• Integrated Management System
Your Company is having Integrated Management System
(IMS) comprising of Quality Management System,
Environmental Management System, Occupational Health
& Safety Management System, Food Safety Management
System, Food Safety System Certificate, Energy
Management System and Social Accountability. Your
Company is successfully certified against the new revised
High Level Structure (HLS) of Quality Management
System (ISO 9001:2015), Environmental Management
System (ISO 14001:2015), Occupational Health & Safety
Management System (ISO 45001:2018), Energy
Management System (ISO 50001:2018), Food Safety
Management System (ISO 22000:2018), Food Safety
System Certificate (FSSC 22000 ver-5), and Quality
Management System for medical devices (ISO
13485:2016) as applicable. All these are comprised under
Integrated Management System and accreditation done
by M/s DNV, a renowned certification agency.
Special emphasis on risk-based thinking has been the new
focus of Quality Management System & Environmental
Management System. This risk based thinking enables to
determine the factors that could cause deviation in
processes and thereby in management systems, which
may pose business risk in turn. This risk-based thinking
offers opportunity to put necessary controls, to mitigate
and minimize the premature risks, in place. Furthermore,
preventive actions can be implemented to avoid any
potential business risk. Value addition to Environmental
Management System is its focus and emphasis on Life
Cycle Perspective to achieve sustainable development by
balancing three pillars Environment, Society and Economy
which are essential to meet the present day need of
sustainable business without compromising ability of future
generation and rendering them impaired. Company is
working to the requirement of RC logo as per ICC
guidelines. Responsible Care helps companies to not only
improve their environmental, health, safety and security
performance, but also to improve their business
operations. As per requirement of the standard, emphasis
on risk-based thinking is given. Focus for security is also
considered in addition to Quality, Health, Safety &
Environment system.
[[page 52]]
43
The Company also has HALAL and KOSHER certificates
for the defined products. The Company has certification
of “Bonsucro MB ‘Chain of Custody’ Standard” covering
the listed products, and certified by CONTROLUNION.
The Company uses an established ERP system, latest
version of SAP S/4 HANA which is built on a robust IBM
hardware platform and has helped the Company to achieve
inter-alia, faster performance, improved user experience
through simplified data structure, smaller data footprint &
embedded analytics.
The Company is practicing Behaviour Based Safety (BBS)
under name “BHAVISHYA BANAYE SURAKSHIT”.
The Company has International Sustainability and Carbon
Certification (ISCC) for range of products, which
represents that Bio – circular and circular based Products.
It ensures that the company covers production and supply
chain to meet environmental and social standards and
communicate our sustainability successes.
• Process Safety Management System
India Glycols is continuously working towards
implementation of Process Safety Management (PSM)
along with RC in the organization to ensure systematic
and high level Process Safety by elaborating its specific
elements and ensuring the safety of employees,
environment and physical plant assets in the event of any
unexpected process excursion. All the new project and
major changes have been processed through Hazard and
Operability Study (HAZOP), Quantitative Risk Assessment
(QRA), Dust Hazard Analysis (DHA), Hazardous Area
Classification (HAC) and Pre Startup Safety Review
(PSSR). The Company practices one of the key pillars of
PSM as Management of Change which helps to address
and compile process safety information and changes.
The Company also carried out Hazard Identification and
Risk Assessment as Group Risk Assessment (GRA) and
regularly updates the same. The Company have a well-
defined safety work permit system to ensure safe jobs as
well as having a detailed. On Site Emergency Handling
Plan for handling the emergencies. Routine emergency
handling drill carried out in house as well as with SDMA /
DDMA, SDRF and NDRF team.
Lean Management
India Glycols Ltd. uses the building blocks of – standardized
work, optimization of manpower, workplace organization 5S &
visual controls, material handling systems, effective plant
layout, improved operational and maintenance practices,
quality at the source, batch cycle time reduction, customer
demand-based manufacturing, point of use storage, quick
changeover, cellular manufacturing and process
improvements. We are committed to work towards continual
improvement of Quality, Environment, Health & Safety, Food
Safety, Energy Performance and Social accountability and we
discourage discrimination of any kind in any form.
Recognition for Sustainability
IGL has been awarded as ‘Honourable Mention’ under the
category “Intrinsically Safer Process Design & Practices” at
the prestigious IIChE–MRC (Indian Institute of Chemical
Engineering) Process Intensification for Sustainability Awards
2025. This recognition underscores the organization’s
unwavering commitment to embedding safety, sustainability,
and innovation at the heart of its operations, while continuously
advancing the philosophy of inherently safer design.
R&D and Customer Oriented Innovation
IGL places strong emphasis on research & development and
customer-centric innovation, recognizing them as essential
drivers of sustainable growth in a competitive business
environment. Through continuous product development, close
customer engagement, and innovative problem-solving, the
Company consistently delivers value-added solutions that meet
evolving market expectations. Its commitment to exploring
alternative raw materials and advanced process technologies
demonstrates a proactive approach toward operational
efficiency, sustainability, and alignment with global trends such
as net-zero carbon emissions. By integrating customer
requirements into every stage of product development, IGL
strengthens its ability to provide customized solutions, enhance
customer satisfaction, and reinforce its leadership position in
the industry.
IGL’s emphasis on developing low-carbon-footprint products
derived from renewable resources reflects its commitment to
sustainability and the growing market demand for
environmentally responsible solutions. This strategy not only
supports regulatory compliance but also strengthens the
Company’s appeal among environmentally conscious
customers. By integrating strong R&D capabilities with a
customer-centric and sustainability-driven approach, IGL
continues to enhance its competitive advantage and long-term
growth potential. Following the transfer of its Bio-based
Ethoxylates and selected derivatives to a joint venture with
Clariant, IGL established a new R&D center, where the team
has successfully delivered several key milestones over the past
year.
a) Upgradation of Pilot Plant facility : The pilot plant facility
has been upgraded through the addition of a distillation
column and the automation of the plug flow tubular reactor
to support the development of specialty chemicals and
green solvents for diverse applications. These
enhancements have significantly improved the Company’s
ability to design, optimize, and scale up innovative
products with a strong focus on sustainability and
achieving lower carbon footprints .
b) New Specialty Chemical innovation: A robust New
Product Development  (NPD) strategy has been
implemented to accelerate innovation in advanced
specialty chemicals. Under this initiative, a diverse portfolio
of new specialty products, including bio-polymers, has
been successfully introduced for both domestic and
international markets. These products serve a wide range
of industrial applications, reinforcing the Company’s
commitment to sustainable growth, value-added solutions,
and leadership in high-performance specialty chemicals.
c) New Specialty Products Developments : A well-
structured New Specialty Product Development program
has been effectively implemented to drive innovation in
[[page 53]]
44
advanced specialty chemicals. Under this initiative, several
value-added specialty products, including bio-polymers,
have been successfully developed for both domestic and
international markets, addressing diverse industrial needs
and strengthening the Company’s focus on sustainable
growth and technological excellence.
d) Branded new R&D Nutraceutical development and
formulation:
A new Lab facility was created to further expand the
Nutraceutical value added business. Different
development equipment were installed with the focus on
particle design to prepare the nutra product with increased
bio-availability.
Scientific validation is at the core of our R&D. Every new
ingredient if required undergoes comprehensive
pharmacokinetic, toxicological, and clinical evaluation,
using state-of-the-art analytical platforms such as HPLC,
LC-MS/MS, and GC-MS. We adhere strictly to ICH and
OECD guidelines, ensuring global compliance, data
reproducibility, and research integrity.
Our innovation pipeline includes cutting-edge platforms
like:
• Development of clinically validated botanical
ingredients including BERBSIOL® and ASPARGIZE®
through advanced extraction, standardization, and
bioavailability enhancement technologies.
• Execution of preclinical and clinical studies to
substantiate efficacy, safety, and mechanism of action
for botanical formulations.
• Development of science-backed nutraceutical
ingredients for metabolic health, women’s health, and
wellness applications expanded the product portfolio.
• Clinical validation generated strong scientific
substantiation supporting new formulation
opportunities and global commercialization.
• Generation of proprietary process know-how and
application data strengthened product positioning and
IP creation opportunities.
e) Preclinical, safety and toxicology and human clinical
evaluation: The product evaluation and its safety studies
(preclinical and clinical studies) has been initiated for new
products in order to further penetrate globally on the
branded nutra business. This will be a new area to support
the product in the market with scientific data.
f) Future Trends and Growth Path:  IGL’s R&D initiatives
are focused on developing indigenous, high-performance
products for diverse industry sectors by leveraging local
resources while adhering to global quality standards. With
a strong emphasis on innovation, sustainability, and
advanced chemistry, IGL has emerged as a leading
manufacturer of bio-based performance chemicals,
biopolymers, nutraceuticals, APIs, and other specialty
products. The Company’s product portfolio is recognized
for its significantly low carbon footprint, demonstrating its
commitment to environmental sustainability, responsible
manufacturing, and continuous innovation.
These achievements highlight IGL’s commitment to research
excellence, sustainable development, and innovation in the
specialty chemicals industry. With increasing global emphasis
on environmental protection, water management, and energy
conservation, Technical and R&D teams are expected to create
more sustainable and efficient solutions. Recognizing this need,
India Glycols Ltd. has intensified its efforts in developing
advanced eco-friendly products guided by the principles of
green chemistry. This forward-looking approach strengthens
the Company’s sustainability vision while addressing critical
challenges in today’s evolving chemical industry.
India Glycols is strategically strengthening its presence in bio-
based specialty products by focusing on innovative chemistries
and sustainable technologies. These initiatives aim to deliver
customized, high-value solutions that prioritize environmental
responsibility and long-term sustainability. By utilizing
renewable resources and optimizing energy and water
efficiency, the Company is committed to minimizing its
environmental footprint while improving operational excellence
and business performance.
IGL is strongly positioned for future growth, backed by its
established market presence and reliable access to critical raw
materials. With significant capacities in essential inputs such
as bio-ethylene, bio-EO, bio-ethanol, CO, nitrogen, and oxygen,
the Company is well-equipped to diversify into new segments
of chemical manufacturing. Its ability to develop a wide range
of products from renewable feedstocks places IGL at the
forefront of sustainable alternatives to conventional fossil-
based chemicals.
By leveraging its technical expertise and integrated
manufacturing strengths, IGL is committed to delivering high-
performance, low-carbon specialty chemicals that support
global decarbonization goals. The Company aims to be a
trusted partner for organizations pursuing net-zero emission
targets by offering innovative and environmentally responsible
solutions.
Looking ahead, through continuous investment in R&D and
sustainable technologies, IGL seeks to play a significant role
in accelerating the transition toward a greener and more
sustainable future, both in India and across global markets. Its
R&D efforts remain focused on introducing a diverse portfolio
of advanced products designed to meet the evolving
requirements of various industry sectors. A summary of some
key development projects is presented below:
i) Products from Carbon Capture: By utilizing C-smart
alcohol, IGL is working on the development of innovative
products with distinct characteristics and specialized
applications.
ii) Bio-Based Specialties: IGL is focused on growing its range
of eco-friendly products that can replace traditional
chemical options.
iii) Green Solvents: The Company aims to launch a variety
of eco-friendly solvents, such as bio-esters for agriculture
and specialty bio-amines for personal care, to address
the increasing need for sustainable solutions.
iv) Specialty Derivatives of Poly-Galactomannans: IGL will
focus on developing specialty derivatives of poly-
[[page 54]]
45
galactomannans, unlocking new possibilities in various
industries.
v) APIs and Nutraceuticals: IGL is working on developing
active pharmaceutical ingredients and nutraceuticals to
meet the healthcare industry’s demand for reliable and
sustainable ingredients.
In terms of industry sectors, IGL’s R&D efforts will target:
i) Oil & Gas Industry, Including Refineries
ii) Food Industry
iii) Healthcare
IGL also looks to expand into new high-potential sectors,
including Crop Care, Paper, Electronics Chemicals, and
Fragrance & Flavour industries — with a focus on sustainability
and efficiency.
To support this growth, the Company is strengthening its R&D
pipeline. Central to its approach is deep collaboration with
global customers, suppliers, and industry stakeholders to co-
develop solutions — positioning innovation as a shared,
outcome-driven effort rather than a purely internal function.
Internal Financial Controls & their Adequacy and Risk
Management Framework
Internal Financial Controls
The Company has established a robust internal financial
controls framework, commensurate with the size, scale, and
complexity of its operations. The effectiveness of these controls
is periodically reviewed and deliberated upon by the Audit
Committee in consultation with the Company’s auditors, with
particular reference to the integrity of the Company’s financial
statements.
The framework encompasses comprehensive policies and
procedures designed to ensure the orderly and efficient conduct
of business operations. These measures collectively support
adherence to Company policies, safeguarding of assets,
prevention and detection of fraud and errors, maintenance of
accurate and complete accounting records, and timely
preparation of reliable financial information. The internal control
mechanisms are further subjected to rigorous and periodic
testing and validation by both the Statutory and Internal
Auditors. The Company remains committed to the continuous
strengthening of its control environment, regularly upgrading
its systems in alignment with evolving best practices and
recognised standards.
Risk Management Framework
In furtherance of its commitment to sound governance, the
Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee,
comprising members of the Board of Directors and Senior
Management, to oversee the Company’s Risk Management
Plan, encompassing the identification, assessment, and
mitigation of key business risks.
The Company’s risk management philosophy is anchored in
the systematic identification, evaluation, and prioritisation of
risks on a continuous basis. The framework seeks to implement
structured controls and preventive measures across the
enterprise, reduce exposure to risk events, and ensure
organisational preparedness to respond effectively to emerging
risks. This includes robust contingency planning for risks with
a high probability of occurrence and significant potential impact,
thereby safeguarding the Company’s interests and ensuring
business continuity.
The risk management framework ensures that risk
management principles are deeply embedded across all levels
of the organisation, with insights from the process accurately
captured, reported, and acted upon. It further facilitates the
alignment of risk strategies, promotes knowledge-sharing
across locations and business units, and fosters a unified risk-
aware organisational culture.
In recognition of the dynamic and evolving nature of business
risks, the Company conducts structured quarterly reviews
across departments and operational sites. Key risks identified,
along with the corresponding mitigation strategies, are
systematically communicated to the Board of Directors for
further assessment and to inform strategic decisions aimed at
minimising potential adverse impacts on the Company’s
operations and performance.
Human Resource/Industrial Relations
At India Glycols Limited, we recognize that our people are our
most valuable asset. During the year, the Company continued
to focus on strengthening its human capital through strategic
initiatives in talent acquisition, capability development,
performance management, and leadership pipeline building.
We have placed strong emphasis on fostering a high-
performance, inclusive, and collaborative work culture.
Employee engagement and well-being remained a priority, with
various programs launched to enhance morale, productivity,
and workplace safety. Our learning and development
frameworks have been reinforced with digital tools and targeted
interventions to equip our workforce for future-ready
competencies.
On the industrial relations front, the Company maintained a
harmonious and constructive relationship with all its employees.
We continue to uphold transparent communication channels
and fair employment practices. Our employee-first approach
and consistent efforts toward mutual trust and respect have
contributed significantly to a stable and motivated workforce.
Total Number of Employees on Company’s role are 1,400.
Cautionary Statement
The statement made in this report describing the Company’s
expectations and estimations may be a forward-looking
statement within the meaning of applicable securities laws and
regulations. Actual results may differ from those expressed or
implied in this report due to the influence of external and internal
factors which are beyond the control of the Company.
[[page 55]]
46
The Directors present the Company’s Report on Corporate
Governance for the year ended 31st March, 2026 in compliance
with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
(as amended).
I. COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
Good corporate practices ensure that a Company meets
its obligations to optimize stakeholders’ value. The
Company always aims to abide by the highest standards
of good governance and ethical behavior across all levels.
The provisions of the Corporate Governance as prescribed
by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI
Listing Regulations”), for the time being in force, have been
complied with by the Company. The core principles of the
Company’s Corporate Governance policy’s philosophy is
towards caring of the society and environment around us,
enhancement of stakeholder’s values, transparency and
promptness in disclosures and communication and
complying with the laws in letter as well as in spirit.
II. BOARD OF DIRECTORS
a) Composition of the Board
As on 31st March, 2026, the Board of Directors of the
Company (“the Board”) comprised of eight Directors
of which five are Non-Executive Directors, one
Managing Director and two Executive Directors. Out
of the five Non-Executive Directors, four are
Independent Directors.
During the year under review, Shri U.S. Bhartia
(DIN:00063091) was re-appointed as Chairman &
Managing Director and Key Managerial Personnel in
the category of Whole Time Director of the Company
for a further period of 5 (Five) years w.e.f. 1 st April,
2026 and Smt. Pragya Bhartia Barwale
(DIN:02109262) was re-appointed as an Executive
Director and Key Managerial Personnel in the
category of Whole Time Director of the Company for
a further period of 5 (Five) years w.e.f. 24th June, 2025.
Also, Smt. Shukla Wassan (DIN: 02770898) was re-
appointed as an Independent Director of the Company
for the second term of 5 (Five) consecutive years w.e.f.
1st April, 2025.
The composition of the Board is in conformity with
Regulation 17 of SEBI Listing Regulations read with
Section 149 of the Act. The Board keeps on reviewing
periodically the need for change in its size and
composition.
b) Number of Board Meetings
During the year ended 31st March, 2026, seven Board
meetings were held. The dates of the meetings and
attendance of Directors thereat are as under:
Date Board No. of Directors
Strength Present
16th May, 2025 8 8
30th May, 2025 8 7
7th August, 2025 8 7
16th October, 2025 8 7
14th November, 2025 8 7
10th February, 2026 8 8
17th March, 2026 8 6
During the FY 2025-26, the maximum gap between
two Board Meetings was within the period/time as
specified by the Companies Act, 2013 and Securities
and Exchange Board of India.
Report on Corporate Governance
c) Names and category of the Directors, their attendance at Board Meetings, last Annual General Meeting and the
number of Directorship(s) and Chairman/Membership(s) held in other Companies as on 31 st March, 2026:
Name of the Category Number of Board Attendance Number of Directorships No. of Committees in Directorship held in other
Director Meetings during the at last AGM in other Companies* which Chairmanship/ listed entities and category
FY 2025-26 During the Membership held** of Directorship
Tenure
Held During Attended Chairmanship Directorship Chairmanship Member
the Tenure
#Shri U.S. Bhartia Executive 7 7 Yes 3 13 1 5 Polylink Polymers(India) Limited
(Chairman and (Promoter) (Non-Executive Non-Independent
Managing Director) Director)
DIN: 00063091
Smt. Jayshree Non-Executive 7 3 No - 13 - 1 -
Bhartia (Promoter)
DIN: 00063018
##Smt. Pragya Executive 7 6 Yes - 8 - - Polylink Polymers India Limited
Bhartia Bar wale (Pro moter) (Non-Executive Non-Independent
DIN: 02109262 Director)
Shri Alok Singhal Executive 7 7 Yes - - - 1 -
DIN: 10359043
[[page 56]]
47
d) The Board of the Company is appropriately structured to
ensure a high degree of diversity by qualifications,
professional background, knowledge, experience,
competence, skills etc. The following are the key skills/
expertise/competencies identified by the Board of Directors
as required in the context of its business for it to function
effectively:
1. Manufacturing business/ sector:  Relevant
Experience and knowledge related to Manufacturing,
Health, Safety and Environment issues including
Research and Development, Logistics and
Operational issues.
2. Leadership:  Experience in managing companies
including general management.
3. Marketing:  Strategic thinker to analyse and identify
opportunities to stimulate business growth and
enhance enterprise reputation.
4. Financial:  Financially literate with basic financial and
accounting knowledge. Experience of handling
financial management.
5. Compliance Management and Corporate
Governance: Knowledge and understanding of legal
and regulatory aspects including risk management,
maintaining Board and management accountability,
protecting and enhancing interest of stakeholders.
Further, the Board has also identified the names of
Directors who have such key skills/expertise/competence
as under:
Name of the Category Number of Board Attendance Number of Directorships No. of Committees in Directorship held in other
Director Meetings during the at last AGM in other Companies* which Chairmanship/ listed entities and category
FY 2025-26 During the Membership held** of Directorship
Tenure
Held During Attended Chairmanship Directorship Chairmanship Member
the Tenure
Shri Ravi Kumar Non-Executive 7 7 Ye s - 2 2 2 1. Uttam Sugar Mills Limited
DIN: 02362615 & Independent (Independent Director)
2. Himatsingka Seide Limited
(Independent Director)
###Smt. Shukla Non-Executive 7 7 Yes - 2 3 2 1. GE Power India Limited
Wassan & Independent (Independent Director)
DIN: 02770898 2. Kwality Wall’s (India) Limited
(Independent Director)
Shri Sushil Non-Executive 7 6 Yes - - - - -
Dutt Salwan & Independent
DIN: 10776621
Shri Samrat Non-Executive 7 7 No - 8 - 3 -
Banerjee & Independent
DIN: 06706345
NOTES: *Excludes Directorship in Companies registered under Section 8 of the Act and foreign Companies.
**Includes only Audit and the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of public limited Companies including India Glycols Limited.
#Re-appointed as Chairman and Managing Director of the Company w.e.f. 1 st April, 2026.
##Re-appointed as Executive Director of the Company w.e.f. 24 th June, 2025.
###Re-appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term of 5 (Five) consecutive years w.e.f. 1 st April, 2025.
Name of Director Knowledge of Manufacturing Lead ership Marketing Financial Compliance Management
Business/ Sector and Corporate-Governance
Shri U. S. Bhartia
Smt. Jayshree Bhartia -
Smt. Pragya Bhartia Barwale
Shri Alok Singhal -
Shri Ravi Kumar - -
Smt. Shukla Wassan - -
Shri Sushil Dutt Salwan - -
Shri Samrat Banerjee - -
e) The number of Directorship, Committee Membership/
Chairmanship(s) of all Directors is within respective limits
as prescribed under the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations.
f) The Board periodically reviews the compliance reports of
all laws applicable to the Company.
g) The Board of Directors has adopted and laid down a Code
of Conduct for all Directors and Senior Management
Personnel. The Code of Conduct is posted on Company’s
website at https://www.indiaglycols.com/wp-
content/uploads/code_of_conduct-SMP.pdf .
The Company is committed to conduct its business in
accordance with the applicable laws, rules and regulations
and with highest standards of business ethics. The said
code is intended to provide guidance and help in
recognizing and dealing with ethical issues, provide
mechanism to report unethical conduct and to help foster
a culture of responsibility and accountability.
All Board Members and Senior Management Personnel
have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for
the FY 2025-26. A declaration by Chief Executive Officer
to this effect is enclosed with this report.
[[page 57]]
48
h) As on 31 st March 2026, no Director is inter-se related to
any other Director on the Board, except Shri U.S. Bhartia
and Smt. Jayshree Bhartia, who are related to each other
as spouse and Smt. Pragya Bhartia Barwale, who is related
to them as their daughter.
i) The number of shares held by Non-Executive Directors of
the Company is as under:
Name of Director Number of Shares
Smt. Jayshree Bhartia 4,58,006
The Company has not issued any convertible instruments.
j) Independent Directors (IDs) are Non-Executive Directors
as defined under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing
Regulations read with Section 149(6) of the Act. The terms
and conditions of the appointment of the IDs, including
duties of IDs, are disclosed on the website of the Company.
The maximum tenure of IDs is in compliance with the Act
and SEBI Listing Regulations.
All IDs have confirmed that they meet the criteria of
Independence as mentioned under Section 149(6) of the
Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing
Regulations and they maintain the limit of Directorship as
provided under the Act and Regulation 25 of the SEBI
Listing Regulations and the limit of Committee
membership. All IDs of the Company are registered with
Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs. Basis the confirmation
received from the IDs, the Board formed an opinion that
the independent directors fulfill the conditions specified in
SEBI Listing Regulations and the Act and are Independent
of the management.
The Company ensures that the IDs have been properly
informed about their role and responsibilities in the
Company, nature of the Industry in which the Company
operates, business model of the Company through various
presentations during the Board meetings.
The details of the familiarization programme to IDs are
disclosed on the Company’s website at the following link
of which is as below: https://www.indiaglycols.com/wp-
content//uploads/FAMILIARIZATION-PROGRAMME-
2025-26.pdf
During the FY 2025-26, one separate meeting of the IDs
was held on 16th May, 2025 without the presence of Non-
Independent Directors and the members of the
management. The IDs, inter-alia, reviewed the
performance of Non-Independent Directors, Chairman of
the Company and the Board as a whole, assessment of
quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information
between Company management and the Board.
During the year under review, no Independent Director
resigned.
III. COMM ITTEES OF THE BOARD
The Board has constituted various Committees with
specific terms of reference as mandated by the applicable
laws. As on 31 st March, 2026, the Board has 8 (Eight)
Committees namely, Audit Committee, Nomination and
Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders’ Relationship
Committee, Share Transfer Committee, Finance
Committee, Risk Management Committee, Corporate
Social Responsibility Committee and Ethics Committee.
a) Audit Committee:
The Audit Committee is constituted in terms of the
provisions of Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18 of
the SEBI Listing Regulations and performs all the functions
specified therein. The terms of reference of the Audit
Committee are aligned to the SEBI Listing Regulations.
Terms of Reference:
The brief terms of reference of Audit Committee are as
under:
1. Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting
process and the disclosure of its financial information
to ensure that the financial statement is correct,
sufficient and credible;
2. Recommendation for appointment, remuneration and
terms of appointment of auditors of the company
namely, the Statutory Auditors, Internal Auditors, Cost
Auditors, Tax Auditors, Secretarial Auditors and their
replacement/removal;
3. Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other
services rendered by the statutory auditors;
4. Examination of the financial statement and the
auditors’ report thereon;
5. Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial
statements and auditor’s report thereon before
submission to the Board for approval, with particular
reference to:
(a) matters required to be included in the director’s
responsibility statement to be included in the
board’s report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section
(3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;
(b) changes, if any, in accounting policies and
practices and reasons for the same;
(c) major accounting entries involving estimates
based on the exercise of judgment by
management;
(d) significant adjustments made in the financial
statements arising out of audit findings;
(e) compliance with listing and other legal
requirements relating to financial statements;
(f) disclosure of any related party transactions;
(g) draft auditor’s report including qualifications, if
any.
6. Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly
financial statements before submission to the Board
for approval;
7. Monitoring the end use of funds raised through public
offers and related matters;
8. Reviewing, with the management, the statement of
uses/application of funds raised through an issue
(public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.),
the statement of funds utilized for purposes other than
those stated in the offer document/prospectus/notice
and the report submitted by the monitoring agency
[[page 58]]
49
monitoring the utilization of proceeds of a public issue
or rights issue or preferential issue or qualified
institutional placement and making appropriate
recommendations to the Board to take up steps in
this matter;
9. Reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s independence
and performance, and effectiveness of audit process;
10. Approval or any subsequent modification of
transactions of the company with related parties;
11. Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;
12. Valuation of undertakings or assets of the company,
wherever it is necessary;
13. Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk
management systems;
14. Reviewing, with the management, performance of
statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of the
internal control systems;
15. Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if
any, including the structure of the internal audit
department, staffing and seniority of the official
heading the department, reporting structure coverage
and frequency of internal audit;
16. Discussion with internal auditors of any significant
findings and follow up there on;
17. Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations
by the internal auditors into matters where there is
suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal
control systems of a material nature and reporting
the matter to the Board;
18. Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit
commences, about the nature and scope of audit as
well as post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of
concern;
19. To look into the reasons for substantial defaults in
the payment to the depositors, debenture holders,
shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared
dividends) and creditors;
20. To review the functioning of the whistle blower
mechanism/vigil mechanism including the complaints
received thereunder and to address concerns in such
manner as prescribed under the rules;
21. Approval of appointment of chief financial officer (i.e.
any other person heading the finance function or
discharging that function) after assessing the
qualifications, experience and background, etc. of the
candidate;
22. Reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances
from/investment by the holding company in the
subsidiary exceeding rupees 100 crore or 10% of the
asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower
including existing loans / advances / investments;
23. Reviewing the management discussion and analysis
of financial condition and results of operations;
24. Reviewing statement of significant related party
transactions (as defined by the audit committee),
submitted by management;
25. Reviewing the management letters / letters of internal
control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors;
26. Reviewing the internal audit reports relating to internal
control weaknesses;
27. Reviewing the appointment, removal and terms of
remuneration of the chief internal auditor;
28. Review the financial statements of the Subsidiary
Companies, in particular, the investments made by
the unlisted subsidiary company;
29. Review compliance with the provisions of SEBI
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as
amended;
30. Consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits and
impact of schemes involving merger, demerger,
amalgamation etc., on the listed entity and its
shareholders;
31. To perform such other functions as may be prescribed
by the Companies act, 2013 or the SEBI Listing
Regulations, as amended or under any other law or
as may be prescribed or specified by the Board from
time to time.
Composition
As on 31st March, 2026, the Committee comprises of two
Non-Executive Independent Directors namely, Shri Ravi
Kumar, Shri Samrat Banerjee and One Executive Director,
Shri Alok Singhal. Shri Ravi Kumar is the Chairman of the
Committee. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary
to the Audit Committee.
Meetings and Attendance
The Committee met five times during the year on 16th May,
2025, 7th August, 2025, 16th October, 2025, 14th November,
2025 and 10th February, 2026. The necessary quorum was
present for all the meetings. The attendance of the
members at the meetings is as follows:
No. of Meetings
Name of Members Nature of Held During Attended
Membership the Year
Shri Ravi Kumar Chairman 5 5
Shri Samrat Banerjee Member 5 5
Shri Alok Singhal Member 5 5
All the members possess sound knowledge of finance,
accounting practices and internal controls.
The Audit Committee invites such of the executives, as it
considers appropriate, particularly the head of the finance
function, representatives of the Statutory Auditors,
representatives of the Internal Auditor.
All recommendations made by the Audit Committee were
accepted by the Board.
The Chairman of the Audit Committee had attended the
last Annual General Meeting held on 30th September, 2025.
b) Nomination and Remuneration Committee
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”)
is constituted in terms of the provisions of Section 178 of
the Act and Regulation 19 of the SEBI Listing Regulations
and performs all the functions specified therein.
[[page 59]]
50
Terms of Reference:
The brief terms of reference of the NRC are as under:
1. To formulate the criterion for determining
qualifications, positive attributes and independence
of a Director and recommend to the Board of Directors
a policy relating to the remuneration for the Directors,
Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs), Senior
Management Personnel and other employees;
2. For every appointment of an independent director,
the Committee shall evaluate the balance of skills,
knowledge and experience on the Board and on the
basis of such evaluation, prepare a description of the
role and capabilities required of an independent
director. The person recommended to the Board for
appointment as an independent director shall have
the capabilities identified in such description. For the
purpose of identifying suitable candidates, the
Committee may:
a. use the services of external agencies, if required;
b. consider candidates from a wide range of
backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and
c. consider the time commitments of the candidates.
3. To identify the persons who are qualified to become
directors and who may be appointed as the KMPs or
in senior management of the Company in accordance
with the criteria laid down and recommend to the
Board of Directors their appointment and removal;
4. To review the structure, size and composition
(including the skills, knowledge and experience) of
the Board and making recommendations on any
proposed changes to the Board to complement the
Company’s corporate strategy, with the objective to
diversify the Board;
5. To make recommendations to the Board on the
remuneration payable to the Directors/ KMPs/ Senior
Management Personnel;
6. To formulate the criteria/manner for evaluation of
performance of Board of Directors, its Committees,
individual directors including independent directors;
7. To assess the independence of Independent
Directors;
8. To make recommendations to the Board concerning
any matters relating to the continuation in office of
any Director at any time including the suspension or
termination of service of an Executive Director as an
employee of the Company subject to the provision of
the applicable laws and their service contract;
9. To ensure that level and composition of remuneration
is reasonable and sufficient, relationship of
remuneration to performance is clear and meets
appropriate performance benchmarks;
10. To devise a policy on Board diversity;
11. To develop a succession plan for the Board and to
regularly review the plan;
12. Such other key issues/matters as may be referred/
delegated by the Board or as may be necessary in
view of the SEBI Listing Regulations and provisions
of the Act and Rules thereunder and any subsequent
amendments thereto.
Composition
As on 31st March, 2026, the Committee comprises of three
Non-Executive Independent Directors namely, Shri Ravi
Kumar, Smt. Shukla Wassan and Shri Sushil Dutt Salwan.
Shri Ravi Kumar is Chairman of the Committee. The
Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the NRC.
Meetings and Attendance
The Committee met two times during the year on 16th May,
2025 and 10th February 2026. The necessary quorum was
present for all the meetings. The attendance of the
members at the meetings is as follows:
No. of Meetings
Name of Members Nature of Held During Attended
Membership the Year
Shri Ravi Kumar Chairman 2 2
Smt. Shukla Wassan Member 2 2
Shri Sushil Dutt Salwan Member 2 2
The Chairman of the NRC had attended the last Annual
General meeting held on 30 th September, 2025.
Nomination, Remuneration and Evaluation Policy
The Nomination, Remuneration and Evaluation Policy
(“Policy”) is formulated and adopted in line with Section
178 of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations (including
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactments thereof) to
provide a framework and set standards for the nomination
and remuneration of the Directors, KMPs, Senior
Management Personnel and Other Employees and
evaluation of Directors. The Company aims to achieve a
balance of merit, experience and skills amongst its
Directors, KMPs and Senior Management Personnel.
Board Membership Criteria
The basis for the NRC to select a candidate for
appointment to the Board are enhancing the competencies
of the Board and attracting as well as retaining talented
employees for the role of KMP and senior management.
When recommending a candidate for appointment, the
NRC has regard to:
a) Assessing the appointee against a range of criteria
which includes but not be limited to qualifications,
skills, regional and industry experience, background
and other qualities required to operate successfully
in the position, with due regard for the benefits from
diversifying the Board;
b) The extent to which the appointee is likely to contribute
to the overall effectiveness of the Board, work
constructively with the existing Directors and enhance
the efficiencies of the Company;
c) The skills and experience that the appointee brings
to the role of KMPs/Senior Management Personnel
[[page 60]]
51
and how an appointee will enhance the skill sets and
experience of the Board as a whole;
d) The nature of existing positions held by the appointee
including directorships or other relationships and the
impact they may have on the appointee’s ability to
exercise independent judgment;
e) In addition to the qualifications and attributes specified
herein, the prospective Independent Director should
meet the criteria of independence provided in the Act
and the requirements of Schedule IV and the SEBI
Listing Regulations;
f) Personal specifications.
Remuneration Policy
The guiding principle for the remuneration of Directors,
KMPs, Senior Management Personnel and Other
Employees is that the level and composition of
remuneration shall be reasonable and sufficient to attract,
retain and motivate Directors, KMPs, Senior Management
Personnel and Other Employees.
The remuneration of the Directors, KMPs, Senior
Management Personnel and Other Employees shall be
based and determined on the individual person’s
responsibilities and performance and in accordance with
the limits as prescribed statutorily, if any and the Human
Resource policy of the Company.
The NRC determines individual remuneration packages
for Directors, KMPs and Senior Management Personnel
of the Company at the time of their appointment/re-
appointment taking into account factors it deems relevant,
including but not limited to market, business performance
and practices in comparable companies, having due
regard to financial and commercial health of the Company
as well as prevailing laws and government/other guidelines
and the Human Resource policy of the Company.
The NRC consults with the Chairman of the Board as it
deems appropriate. Remuneration of the Chairman and
Executive Director is recommended by the Committee to
the Board of the Company.
The Non-Executive Directors shall be entitled to receive
remuneration by way of sitting fees for attending every
meeting of the Board/ Committees as approved by the
Board, profit related commission as may be recommended
by the NRC to the Board and subsequently approved by
the members.
The remuneration payable to the Directors shall be as per
the Company’s policy and shall be valued as per the
Income Tax Rules.
The Independent Directors shall not be entitled to any stock
option.
The criteria of making payment to the Non-Executive
Directors of the Company is provided in the Policy placed
on the website at the following link:-
https://www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/NRE-
Policy-Feb2025-effective-Dec2024-1.pdf.
Performance Evaluation Criteria
The evaluation/assessment of the Directors of the
Company is to be conducted on an annual basis and to
satisfy the requirements of the Act and the SEBI Listing
Regulations.
Following are the criteria that may assist in determining
how effective the performances of the Directors/Board/
Committees have been:
• Leadership & stewardship abilities.
• Contributing to clearly define corporate objectives &
plans.
• Communication of expectations & concerns clearly
with subordinates.
• Obtain adequate, relevant & timely information from
external sources.
• Review and approval achievement of strategic and
operational plans, objectives, budgets.
• Regular monitoring of corporate results against
projections.
• Identify, monitor & mitigate significant corporate risks.
• Assess policies, structures & procedures.
• Review management’s succession plan.
• Effective meetings.
• Assuring appropriate board size, composition,
independence, structure.
• Clearly defining roles & monitoring activities of
Committees.
• Review of corporation’s ethical conduct.
Evaluation on the aforesaid parameters is being conducted
by the Independent Directors for each of the Executive/
Non-Independent Directors in a separate meeting of the
Independent Directors.
The Executive Directors/Non-Independent Directors along
with the Independent Directors evaluate/assess each of
the Independent Directors on the aforesaid parameters.
Only the Independent Director being evaluated does not
participate in the said evaluation discussion.
c) Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee (“SRC”) is
constituted in terms of the provisions of Section 178 of
the Act and Regulation 20 of the SEBI Listing Regulations
and performs all the functions specified therein.
Terms of Reference
The brief terms of reference of the Committee are given
below:
1. Consider and resolve the grievances of the security
holders of the Company including complaints related
to transfer/transmission of shares, non-receipt of
annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue
of new/duplicate certificates, general meetings etc.;
2. Review of measures taken for effective exercise of
voting rights by shareholders;
[[page 61]]
52
3. Review of adherence to the service standards
adopted by the Company in respect of various
services being rendered by the Registrar & Share
Transfer Agent;
4. Review of the various measures and initiatives taken
by the Company for reducing the quantum of
unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt of
dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by
the shareholders of the company;
5. To perform such other functions as may be prescribed
by the Companies act, 2013 or the SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, as amended or under any other
law or as may be prescribed by the Board from time
to time.
Composition
As on 31st March, 2026, the Committee comprises of two
Non-Executive Independent Directors, namely, Smt.
Shukla Wassan, Shri Samrat Banerjee and one Executive
Director, Shri U.S. Bhartia. Smt. Shukla Wassan is the
Chairperson of the Committee. The Company Secretary
acts as the Secretary to the Committee.
Meetings and Attendance
The Committee met four times during the year on 16th May,
2025, 7 th August, 2025, 14 th November, 2025 and 10 th
February, 2026. The necessary quorum was present for
all the meetings. The attendance of the members at the
meetings is as follows:
No. of Meetings
Name of Members Nature of Held During Attended
Membership the Year
Smt. Shukla Wassan Chairperson 4 4
Shri Samrat Banerjee Member 4 4
Shri U.S. Bhartia Member 4 4
The Chairperson of the SRC had attended the last Annual
General meeting held on 30 th September, 2025.
Investors’ complaints received and resolved during
the year
During the year under review, the Company had received
27 Investors’ Complaints. All the complaints received were
duly redressed by the Company. As on 31st March, 2026,
no complaint was outstanding.
The investors’ complaints are also being processed
through the centralized web based SEBI Complaints
Redress System (SCORES).
d) Share Transfer Committee
Terms of Reference
The Share Transfer Committee has been constituted by
the Board to inter-alia, review and approve the request
for transfer/transmission/name deletion of shares and
issue of duplicate share certificates. The Share Transfer
Committee also reviews the status of Shareholding pattern
of the Company and significant changes, if any.
Composition
As on 31st March, 2026, the Committee comprises of one
Non-Executive Director, namely, Smt. Jayshree Bhartia
and two Executive Directors, Shri U.S. Bhartia and Shri
Alok Singhal. Shri U.S. Bhartia is the Chairman of the
Committee. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary
to the Share Transfer Committee.
Meetings and Attendance
The Committee met eight times during the year. The
necessary quorum was present for all the meetings. The
attendance of the members at the meetings is as follows:
No. of Meetings
Name of Members Nature of Held During Attended
Membership the Year
Shri U.S. Bhartia Chairman 8 8
Smt. Jayshree Bhartia Member 8 7
Shri Alok Singhal Member 8 8
e) Finance Committee
Terms of Reference
The brief terms of the Finance Committee are to consider
and approve inter-alia, inter Corporate Deposits and
Investment, investment of surplus funds from time to time
in marketable securities, to take decisions on the Banking
operations of the Company and to consider, review &
approve the borrowings by the Company.
Composition
As on 31st March, 2026, the Committee comprises of three
Directors, namely, Shri U.S. Bhartia, Chairman and
Managing Director, Smt. Pragya Bhartia Barwale and Shri
Alok Singhal, Executive Directors. Senior officials of the
Company, namely, Shri Rupark Sarswat, Chief Executive
Officer and Shri Anand Singhal, Chief Financial Officer
are the permanent invitees of the Committee. Shri U.S.
Bhartia is the Chairman of the Committee. The Company
Secretary acts as the Secretary to the Finance Committee.
Meetings and Attendance
The Committee met nine times during the year. The
necessary quorum was present for all the meetings.
f) Risk Management Committee
The Risk Management Committee (“RMC”) is constituted
in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations
and performs all the functions specified therein.
Terms of Reference
The brief terms of reference of the RMC are as under:
1. To identify the existing and prospective Risks attached
to the business of the Company;
2. To monitor and review the Risk Management Plan of
the Company;
3. To suggest measures for mitigation of the Risks
attached to the business of the Company;
4. To formulate a detailed risk management policy
covering all the risks, measures etc.;
5. To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes
and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks
associated with the business of the Company;
[[page 62]]
53
6. To monitor and oversee implementation of the risk
management policy, including evaluating the
adequacy of risk management systems;
7. To periodically review the risk management policy,
at least once in two years, including by considering
the changing industry dynamics and evolving
complexity;
8. To keep the Board of Directors informed about the
nature and content of its discussions,
recommendations and actions to be taken;
9. To appoint, remove and review/approve terms of
remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if any);
10. To coordinate its activities with other Committees, in
instances where there is any overlap with activities
of such committees;
11. To perform such other functions as may be prescribed
by the Companies Act, 2013 or the SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, as amended or under any other
law or as may be prescribed by the Board from time
to time.
Composition
As on 31 st March, 2026, the Committee comprises of 8
(eight) members including two Non-Executive Independent
Directors namely, Shri Ravi Kumar, Smt. Shukla Wassan;
three Executive Directors namely, Shri U. S. Bhartia,
Chairman and Managing Director, Smt. Pragya Bhartia
Barwale, Shri Alok Singhal, Executive Directors and three
Senior executives of the Company namely, Shri Rupark
Sarswat, Chief Executive Officer, Shri Anand Singhal,
Chief Financial Officer and Shri Atul Govil, CTO, Head
SAP & IT as its members. Shri U.S. Bhartia is the Chairman
of the RMC.
Meetings and Attendance
The RMC met twice during the year on 16 th May, 2025
and 14 th November, 2025. The necessary quorum was
present for both the meetings.
The attendance of the members at the meeting is as
follows:
No. of Meetings
Name of Members Nature of Held During Attended
Membership the Year
Shri U.S. Bhartia Chairman 2 2
Shri Ravi Kumar Member 2 2
Smt. Shukla Wassan Member 2 2
Smt. Pragya Bhartia Barwale Member 2 2
Shri Alok Singhal Member 2 2
Shri Rupark Sarswat # Member 2 2
Shri Anand Singhal # Member 2 2
Shri Atul Govil # Member 2 1
#Not a Board Member.
g) Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Terms of reference
The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee has been
constituted by the Board to inter-alia, formulate and
recommend to the Board, a Corporate Social
Responsibility Policy which shall indicate the activities to
be undertaken by the Company as specified in Schedule
VII of the Act; recommend the amount of expenditure to
be incurred on the activities referred above; monitor the
Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of the Company
from time to time; to formulate and recommend to the
Board, an annual action plan and any alteration therein in
pursuance to the CSR Policy of the Company, which shall
include the list of CSR projects or programmes, the manner
of execution of such projects or programmes, the
modalities of utilisation of funds and implementation
schedules, monitoring and reporting mechanism and
details of need and impact assessment, if any, for the
project undertaken by the Company; and to perform and
discharge such other functions as may be prescribed under
the Act or relevant regulations and/or as may be prescribed
by the Board from time to time.
Composition
As on 31st March, 2026, the Committee comprises of four
members including three Executive Directors namely Shri
U.S. Bhartia, Chairman and Managing Director, Smt.
Pragya Bhartia Barwale and Shri Alok Singhal, Executive
Directors and one Non-Executive Independent Director
namely, Shri Samrat Banerjee. Shri U.S. Bhartia is
Chairman of the Committee.
The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.
Meetings and Attendance
The Committee met two times during the year on 16th May,
2025 and 7 th August, 2025. The necessary quorum was
present for all the meetings.
The attendance of the members at the meeting is as
follows:
No. of Meetings
Name of Members Nature of Held During Attended
Membership the Year
Shri U.S. Bhartia Chairman 2 2
Smt. Pragya Bhartia Barwale Member 2 2
Shri Samrat Banerjee Member 2 2
Shri Alok Singhal Member 2 2
h) Ethics Committee
Terms of Reference
The Ethics Committee of the Board has been constituted
to administer, implement the Code of Conduct and Ethics
and to review the breach of the said code, if any and advice
the action to be taken.
Composition
As on 31st March, 2026, the Committee comprises of three
Non-Executive Independent Directors namely, Shri Ravi
Kumar, Smt. Shukla Wassan and Shri Sushil Dutt Salwan.
Shri Ravi Kumar is the Chairman of the Committee. The
Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the Ethics
Committee.
[[page 63]]
54
Meetings and Attendance
The Directors and the senior management confirmed
compliance with the Code of Conduct for the FY 2025-26.
No breach of the said code was observed. During the year,
no meeting of the Ethics Committee was held.
i) Senior Management Personnel and changes therein
since the close of the previous financial year.
Name of Senior Management Designation Changes since close of
Personnel the previous financial year
Shri U.S. Bhartia Chairman and Managing Director No
Smt. Pragya Bhartia Barwale Executive Director No
Shri Alok Singhal Executive Director No
Shri Rupark Sarswat Chief Executive Officer No
Shri Anand Kumar Singhal Chief Financial Officer No
Shri Shashi Kant Shukla Business Head - Gorakhpur No
Shri Akshay Bansal Head - Ennature Biopharma Division No
Shri Rajesh Marwaha Head - Sales & Marketing No
Shri Ankur Jain Head (Legal) & Company Secretary No
Shri Bhupendar Pal Singhal Head - Projects & Purchase No
Shri Atul Govil CTO, Head SAP & IT No
Shri Vishal Sishodia State Head-IMFL No
Shri R. K. Sharma Head - Sustainability No
Dr. Ashutosh Gautam Head - Environment, Biogas & ETP No
Shri V.P. Joshi Head - R & D No
Shri Manav Sharma Head - Engineering No
Shri Shailendra K. Pandey Head - Distillery No
Shri Dev Chander Jha Chief Human Resource Officer Appointed w.e.f. 16 th May, 2025
Shri Uttaran Das Plant Head – Dehradun Resigned w.e.f. 10 th September, 2025
Shri Rakesh Kumar Srivastava Head Operations- Dehradun Appointed w.e.f. 10 th February, 2026
IV. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS FOR FY 2025-26:
(a) Executive Directors – (Amount in `````)
Name of Director Salary Perquisit es/ Retiral Provident Commission # Total
(Basic) allowances benefits Fund
Contribution
Shri U.S. Bhartia 4,80,00,000 50,20 ,957 - 57,60,000 14,66,32,292 20,54,13,249
Smt. Pragya Bhartia 99,99,996 6,99,600 - 12,00,000 7,33,16,146 8,52,15,742
Barwale
Shri Alok Singhal 51,10,644 45,23,265 - 9,19,812 - 1,05,53,721
#Relates to FY 2025-26 which shall be paid during FY 2026-27.
The appointment of Executive Directors is governed by
the resolutions passed by the Board and the Shareholders
of the Company, which covers the terms and conditions
of such appointment.
(b) Non-Executive Directors – (Amount in `````)
Name of Director Sitting Fee Commission # Total
Smt. Jayshree Bhartia 2,20,000 15,00,000 17,20,000
Shri Ravi Kumar 6,60,000 25,00,000 31,60,000
Smt. Shukla Wassan 4,50,000 15,00,000 19,50,000
Shri Sushil Dutt Salwan 3,30,000 15,00,000 18,30,000
Shri Samrat Banerjee 7,00,000 15,00,000 22,00,000
#Relates to FY 2025-26 which shall be paid during FY 2026-27.
Sitting fees was paid to Non-Executive Directors within
the limits prescribed under the Act read with Rules
thereunder.
Non-executive Directors did not have any other material
pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company
during the year except as stated above.
Letters of appointment have been issued by the Company
to the Independent Directors, incorporating their roles,
responsibilities, etc., which have been accepted by them.
The statutory provisions will apply with respect to the notice
period of Directors unless otherwise mentioned in the
resolution. There is no separate provision included for
severance fees in the resolutions governing the
appointment of Directors. No stock option was given to
Directors during the year.
V. OTHER DISCLOSURES
(a) Related Party Transaction Disclosures
All transactions entered into with related parties by the
Company during the FY 25-26 were on Arm’s Length Basis
and in Ordinary course of Business and were in
compliance with the applicable provisions of the Act and
SEBI Listing Regulations and approved by the Audit
Committee. The Audit Committee reviews at least on a
quarterly basis, the details of related party transactions
entered into by the Company pursuant to each of the
omnibus approval granted. There were no materially
significant transaction made by the Company with the
related parties viz. Promoters, Directors or the
management or relatives etc. that may have a potential
conflict with the interest of the Company at large. Details
of material related party transactions are given in the
Board’s Report.
Pursuant to Regulation 23(9) of SEBI Listing Regulations,
disclosures of related party transactions on a consolidated
basis for the half year ended 31 st March, 2025 and 30 th
September, 2025 were submitted to the Stock Exchanges
and also hosted on the website of the Company. The
details of related party transactions with the Company as
required by Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) on
Related Party Transactions have been given in Note no.
55 of the Standalone Financial Statements forming part
of Annual Report. The Related Party Transactions Policy
of the Company as approved by the Board has been
uploaded on the Company’s website at https://
www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/IGL-RPT-
Policy-10_02_2026.pdf
(b) The Company has complied with all the applicable
requirements as specified under the SEBI Listing
Regulations. There were no penalties or strictures imposed
or passed on the Company by the Stock Exchanges or
SEBI or any Statutory Authorities on any matter related to
Capital Markets for non-compliance by the Company
during last three years.
(c) As a conscious and vigilant organization, the Company
believes in the conduct of the affairs of its constituents in
a fair and transparent manner, by adopting the highest
standards of professionalism, honesty, integrity and ethical
behavior. In its endeavour to enable its employees to report
concerns about unethical behavior, actual and suspected
fraud or violation of the Company’s conduct, the Company
has put in place a Whistle Blower/Vigil Mechanism Policy
(“the Policy”). Whistle Blower/Vigil Mechanism provides a
channel to the employees to report to the management
concerns about the suspected or confirmed malpractices
and events. The policy provide for the adequate safeguard
of the person availing the mechanism by maintaining
[[page 64]]
55
confidentiality of all the matters under the policy and also
provide for direct access to the Chairman of the Audit
Committee in exceptional cases in the manner laid down
therein. During the year under review, no person has been
denied access to the Audit Committee. It is affirmed that,
the Policy allows reporting of instances related to leakage
of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information. The Whistle
Blower/Vigil Mechanism Policy is hosted on the
Company’s website at https://www.indiaglycols.com//wp-
content/uploads/2023/07/vigil-mechanism-policy.pdf .
(d) The Company has also adopted Policy on determination
of materiality of event/information as required by SEBI
Listing Regulations the same is available at
https://www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/Policy -
on-Determination-of-Materiality-of-Event-Information.pdf  Also, the
Policy on Preservation of Records/ Archival, as adopted
by the Company is available at https://www.indiaglycols.com//wp-
content/uploads/2023/07/Policy-on-preservation-of-records-IGL-Nov2020.pdf
Further, the details of the key managerial personnel who
are authorized for the purpose of determining materiality
of an event or information and for the purpose of making
disclosures to stock exchange(s) as required under sub-
regulation (5) of regulation 30 of SEBI Listing Regulations
are also available at https://www.indiaglycols.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/authorisation-for-determining-
materiality-of-an-event-or-information-and-for-making-
disclosures-to-the-stock-exchanges.pdf .
(e) In Compliance with the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider
Trading) Regulations 2015, as amended, the Company
has adopted a Code of Conduct for Regulating, Monitoring
and Reporting Trading in Securities and Code of Practices
& Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price
Sensitive Information. The codes lay down guidelines for
procedures to be followed and disclosures to be made
while trading in securities of the Company. The Code of
Practices & Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished
Price Sensitive Information is available on the website of
the Company at the following link:
https://www.indiaglycols.com//wp-content/uploads/2023/07/code-
practices-Procedures-Fair-Disclosure-Unpublished-Price-
Information.pdf
(f) The Company discloses on its website all such events or
information which has been disclosed to stock exchange(s)
under SEBI Listing Regulations.
(g) The Company has also uploaded the Annual
return for FY 2025-26 at https://
www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/form-mgt-7-
2025-26.pdf.
(h) The Company is in compliance with all the Mandatory
requirements stipulated in SEBI Listing Regulations.
(i) The Company has complied with the corporate governance
requirements specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses
(b) to (i) of the Regulation 46(2) of the SEBI Listing
Regulations.
(j) The Company has in place a Directors and Officers (D &
O) Insurance Policy for all Directors including Independent
Directors and its Officers in compliance of the provisions
of the Act and Regulation 25(10) of the SEBI Listing
Regulations.
(k) The Company has obtained a certificate from M/s Mukesh
Agarwal & Co., Company Secretaries, confirming that none
of the directors on the Board of the Company have been
debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing
as directors of the companies by the Securities and
Exchange Board of India and Ministry of Corporate Affairs
or any such authority.
(l) During the year under review, all recommendation of the
Committees of the Board which were mandatorily required
have been accepted by the Board.
(m) During FY 2025-26, an amount of ` 75.66 lakh was paid
by the Company and its subsidiaries on consolidated basis,
for all the services to M/s K.N. Gutgutia & Co., the Statutory
Auditors. Out of which, ` 75.06 lakh paid by the Company
(` 40 lakh towards Statutory Audit fee) and ` 0.60 lakh
paid by subsidiaries towards Statutory Audit fee. The
Statutory Auditor has no networking/ partner in the
networking entity.
(n) In accordance with the provisions of the Sexual
Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, the Company has
constituted an Internal Complaints Committee where any
grievance of sexual harassment at workplace can be
reported. No complaint pertaining to sexual harassment
at workplace has been reported to the Committee during
the financial year ended 31 st March, 2026.
(o) Disclosure w.r.t. Commodity, Foreign Exchange Risk
and Hedging activities
The Company being the manufacturer of Green Chemicals
procures variety of commodities as its raw material and
fuels, therefore, the commodity prices risk is one of the
important business risk for the Company. The Company
has in place an adequate risk management policy inter-
alia, for risk assessment and mitigation system including
for the commodities. Details of exposure of the Company
to commodity and commodity risk faced by the entity during
the year, in pursuance to the Materiality Policy of the
Company are as under:
a. Total exposure of the Company to commodities:
 ` 2,51,992.18 lakh (approx.)
b. Exposure of the Company to various commodities:
Commodity name Unit of Exposure Exposure % of such exposure hedged
Measure- ( ````` in lakh) inQuantity through commodity derivatives
ment (approx.) terms (MT)
(approx.)
Domestic International Total
Market Market
OTC Exchange OTC Exchange
*Alcohol BL 55,995.05 11,00,87,348 - - - - -
(Raw Material)
*Molasses QTL 19,353.66 29,00,687 - - - - -
(Raw Material)
*Broken Rice MT 1,08,382.86 3,85,998.45 - - - - -
(Raw Material)
**Mono Ethylene Glycol MT 32,130.31 28,442 - - - - -
(Finished Product)
*Coal (Fuel) MT 28,583.88 4,88,562 - - - - -
*Exposure is based on the procurement, ** Exposure is based on sales.
[[page 65]]
56
As the above commodities are not traded/actively traded
in the derivative market, the Company does not have any
exposure hedged through commodity derivative. However,
the Company continuously monitors and manages the
associated commodity risks through commercial
negotiation with customers and suppliers and entering into
long term contracts, wherever required.
The Company has a sizeable forex exposure and in order
to mitigate the fluctuations in exchange rate, the Company
hedges its import liabilities and export by adopting
appropriate measures. The Company has adopted Forex
Risk Management Policy in terms of applicable laws.
(p) Utilization of funds raised through Preferential
Allotment
During the year under review, the Company raised an
amount of ` 466.99 crore through preferential issue by
way of allotment of equity shares to persons/entities
belonging to the Promoter & Promoter Group and Non-
Promoter category on 24 th November, 2025. As at 31 st
March, 2026, the funds were fully utilized and there was
no deviation in the utilization of proceeds.
Pursuant to Regulation 32(6) of the SEBI Listing
Regulations read with Regulation 162A of SEBI (Issue of
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018,
CARE Ratings Limited was appointed as the Monitoring
Agency to monitor the utilization of funds raised through
preferential issue of equity shares.
The report of the Monitoring Agency dated 10th February,
2026, for the Quarter ended 31 st December, 2025, with
respect to the utilization of proceeds of Preferential Issue
of equity shares was submitted to Stock Exchanges i.e.
BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited
on 10th February, 2026. The relevant details are as under:
Amount (````` in crore)
S. Object(s) Amount Amount Amount of Deviation/
No. allocated utilized variation according to
applicable object, if any
1 To augment the fund 350.25 350.25 Not applicable
requirement towards
Working Capital of
the Company.
2 General Corporate 116.74 116.74*
Purposes.
Total 466.99 466.99
*During Q3/FY26, the Company has transferred the issue proceeds from the monitoring
account directly into its SBI CC Account and further utilised the funds of ` 116.74 crore
towards repayment of instalments for Term Loans.
(q) The Company does not have any material subsidiary
Companies on 31st March, 2026.
(r) During FY 2025-26, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries have provided ‘Loans and advances in the
nature of loans’ to firms/companies in which the directors
are interested.
Subsidiary Companies
The Audited annual financial statements and the
investments made by unlisted subsidiary Companies are
periodically reviewed by the Audit Committee.
The minutes of the Board Meetings of Subsidiary
Companies are periodically placed before the Board of
the Company. The Company does not have any material
subsidiary as defined under Regulation 16 of the SEBI
Listing Regulations. A policy for determining material
subsidiaries has been formulated and the same is hosted
on the Company’s website at https://
www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/Policy-for-
determining-Material-Subsidiaries.pdf .
CEO/CFO Certification
The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have issued compliance certificate under the provisions
of Regulation 17 (8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations which
is annexed and forms part of this Report.
Non-Mandatory Requirements:
(i) The quarterly/half yearly and yearly results are
displayed on the website of the Company viz
www.indiaglycols.com  and also published in widely
circulated English and Regional language
newspapers.
(ii) During the FY 2025-26, there is no audit qualification
on the Company’s financial statements.
(iii) The Inter nal Auditor reports directly to the Audit
Committee. The Internal Auditor has regular meetings
with the Head of Finance prior to placing of the reports
of Internal Auditors before the Audit Committee.
(s) Sub-division/Split
In pursuant to the approval of the Board of Directors at its
meeting held on 30th May, 2025 and subsequently by the
shareholders of the Company on 22 nd July, 2025, the
Company has undertaken a sub-division/split of its equity
shares, whereby 1 (One) equity share of face value
` 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each has been sub-division/ split
into 2 (Two) equity shares of face value ` 5/- (Rupees
Five only) each, with effect from 12 th August, 2025.
VI. SHAREHOLDERS
a) General Body Meetings
(i) Annual General meeting (‘AGM’)
Details of the last three Annual General meetings are as
under:
Financial Date Time Location Details of Special
Year Resolutions passed
2024-25 30 th 11.00 None
September, A.M.
2025
2023-24 28 th 11.00
August, A.M.
2024
2022-23 12 th 11.00 None
September, A.M.
2023
To approve for the payment
of Commission to Non-
Executive Directors and
Independent Directors for a
period of Five (5) years
commencing from 1 st April,
2024.
Through Video
Conferencing (“VC”)/
Other Audio Visual
means (“OAVM”)
Deemed venue-
A-1, Industrial Area,
Bazpur Road,
Kashipur-244713,
Distt. Udham Singh
Nagar, Uttarakhand
[[page 66]]
57
(ii) Postal Ballot
During FY 2025-26, the Company sought approval of Shareholders through Postal Ballot process, the details whereof
including voting pattern are as under:
S. Description of Resolution(s) Type of No. of Votes Number of Votes cast Votes cast Date of
No. passed Resolution( s) votes polled in favour against passing of
passed resolution
Number % Number %
of votes of votes
Special 3,09,61,500 1,96,16,180 1,96,14,651 99.992 1,529 0.008 22 nd July,
Resolution 2025
Special 3,09,61,500 1,96,15,810 1,96,15,101 99.996 709 0.004 22 nd July,
Resolution 2025
Special 3,09,61,500 1,96,15,880 1,91,21,204 97.478 4,94,676 2.522 22 nd July,
Resolution 2025
Special 3,09,61,500 1,96,15,856 1,90,63,415 97.184 5,52,441 2.816 22 nd July,
Resolution 2025
Special 3,09,61,500 1,96,15,856 1,90,59,988 97.166 5,55,868 2.834 22 nd July,
Resolution 2025
1. Sub-division/Split of equity shares of
the Company.
2. Adoption of new set of Memorandum
of Association by way of alteration.
3. Adoption of new set of Articles of
Association of the Company as per
Companies Act, 2013.
4. Re-appointment of Smt. Pragya
Bhartia Barwale (DIN: 02109262) as
an Executive Director of the
Company for a further period of 5
(Five) years w.e.f. 24 th June, 2025 till
23rd June, 2030.
5. Re-appointment of Shri U.S. Bhartia
(DIN:00063091) as Chairman and
Managing Director of the Company for
a further period of 5 (Five) years w.e.f.
1st April, 2026 till 31st March, 2031
The Postal Ballot was conducted in accordance with
the provisions of section 108, 110 and other applicable
provisions, if any, of the Act, read with the Companies
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014,
Regulation 44 of SEBI Listing Regulations and the
General Circulars issued in this regard by the Ministry
of Corporate Affairs.
The Company had provided the facility of Voting
Rights through electronic means to its Members and
appointed NSDL for the purpose.
Shri Ashish Saxena (C.P. No. 7096) of Ashish Saxena
& Co., Company Secretaries, Ghaziabad, was
appointed as Scrutinizer to conduct the aforesaid
Postal Ballot process in a fair and transparent manner.
The Postal Ballot Notice was sent to the Members in
electronic form. The Company also published the
notice in the newspapers declaring the details of
completion of dispatch, e-voting details, and other
requirements in terms of the Act read with the Rules
made thereunder. Voting rights were reckoned on the
paid-up value of shares of the Company registered in
the names of the shareholders as on the cut-off date.
The detailed procedure of Postal Ballot, as contained
in the Postal Ballot Notice, is available on the
Company’s website at https://
www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/postal-
ballot-notice-may-2025.pdf
The Scrutinizer submitted his report to the Chairman
& Managing Director, after the completion of scrutiny
and the consolidated results of the voting by Postal
Ballot were then announced.
The voting results and Scrutinizer’s
Report on remote e-voting were placed
on the Company’s website at https://
www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/Postal-
Ballot-Result-23rd-July-2025.pdf  and were also
available on the website of the Stock Exchanges and
NSDL.
If required, Special Resolution(s) shall be passed by
Postal Ballot during the year 2025-26, in accordance
with the prescribed procedure.
(iii) 01/2025-26 Extra Ordinary General Meeting
During FY 2025-26, the Company sought approval of
Shareholders through 01/2025-26 Extra Ordinary
General Meeting are as under:
Financial Date Time Location Details of Special
Year Resolutions passed
2025-26 12 th 11.00 To approve
November, A.M. Issuance of Equity
2025 Shares on
Preferential Basis.
(iv) Meeting of the Equity Shareholders pursuant to
directions of the Hon’ble National Company Law
Tribunal, Allahabad Bench, Prayagraj
Pursuant to the directions of the Hon’ble National
Company Law Tribunal, Allahabad Bench, Prayagraj
(‘NCLT’) vide Order dated 15th January, 2026 read
with Order dated 16 th February, 2026, a meeting of
the Equity Shareholders of the Company was held
on 24th March, 2026 at 11.00 A.M. (IST), through Video
Conferencing, for the purpose of approving the
Scheme of Arrangement amongst India Glycols
Limited and Ennature Bio Pharma Limited and IGL
Spirits Limited and their respective Equity
Shareholders, in accordance with the provisions of
Sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Through Video
Conferencing (“VC”)/
Other Audio Visual
means (“OAVM”)
Deemed venue- A-1,
Industrial Area,
Bazpur Road,
Kashipur-244713,
Distt. Udham Singh
Nagar, Uttarakhand
[[page 67]]
58
The aforementioned Scheme of Arrangement was approved by the Equity Shareholders with requisite majority, as
detailed below:
S. Description of Resolution(s) Type of No. of Votes Number of Votes cast Votes cast Date of
No. passed Resolution( s) votes polled in favour against passing of
passed resolution
Number % Number %
of votes of votes
Special 6,70,26,765 4,42,48,626 4,42,48,625 100 1 0.00 24 th March,
Resolution 2026
The Company had provided the facility of Voting
Rights through electronic means to its Members and
appointed NSDL for the purpose.
Shri Sumit Agrawal, Partner, M/s Sumit K.B. Agrawal
& Co., Chartered Accountant, who has been
appointed by the NCLT as the scrutinizer to scrutinize
the votes cast through remote e-voting and e-voting
process during the Meeting in fair and transparent
manner was also present.
The Notice was sent to the Equity Shareholders in
electronic form. The Company also published the
notice in the newspapers declaring the details of
completion of dispatch, e-voting details, and other
requirements as per directions given by NCLT. Voting
rights were reckoned on the paid-up value of shares
of the Company registered in the names of the Equity
Shareholders as on the cut-off date.
The detailed procedure of Equity Shareholders
Meeting, as contained in the Notice, is available on
the Company’s website at https://www.indiaglycols.com/wp-
content/uploads/NCLT_Equityshareholders_Notice.pdf
The Scrutinizer submitted his report to the
Chairperson of the Meeting, after the completion of
scrutiny and the consolidated results of the voting
were announced.
The voting results and Scrutinizer’s Report on remote
e-voting were placed on the Company’s website at
https://www.indiaglycols.com/wp-content/uploads/Outcome-
of-NCLT-Convened-Equity-Shareholders-Meeting.pdf  and
were also available on the website of the Stock
Exchanges and NSDL.
b) Means of Communication
Quarterly, half-yearly, annual financial results and other
vital official News release/documents of the Company
under SEBI Listing Regulations are filed with the Stock
Exchanges. The results are also displayed on the website
of BSE Limited (BSE) and National Stock Exchange of
India Limited (NSE) and are also published in leading
English and Hindi Newspapers in India which includes the
Financial Express, Business Standard and Uttar Ujala.
All periodical compliance filings, inter-alia, shareholding
pattern, Corporate Governance Report, corporate
announcements, in accordance with the SEBI Listing
Regulations are also filed electronically on NSE Electronic
Application Processing System (NEAPS) and/or NSE
Digital Exchange, web based applications designed by
NSE and BSE Corporate Compliance & Listing Centre
(Listing Centre), web based application designed by BSE
for Corporates.
In compliance with Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing
Regulations, a separate dedicated section under ‘Investor
Relations’ on the Company’s website at
www.indiaglycols.com , gives information on various
announcements made by the Company including the
financial results.
The Company regularly holds calls/meetings with Investors
and Analysts. During these calls/meetings Company’s
performance is discussed.
Details of calls with Investors/Analysts along with
presentation made to them, Audio recordings and its
transcripts are hosted on the Stock Exchanges Websites
(www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com) and on the
Company’s website ( www.indiaglycols.com ) under
Investor Relation Section.
c) General shareholder information
i) Annual General Meeting
Date: Wednesday, 19 th August, 2026
Venue: Being convened through Video Conferencing
(“VC”) / Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) (Deemed
venue for AGM shall be the Registered office i.e.
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur-244713,
Distt. Udham Singh Nagar, Uttarakhand).
Time: 11:00 A.M.
ii) Financial Calendar  - Financial year: 1st April to 31st
March
For the financial year 2026-27, the tentative dates for
approval and adoption of unaudited quarterly financial
results will be by 14th August, 2026 for the first quarter,
by 14 th November, 2026 for half yearly, by 14 th
February, 2027 for third quarter and by 15 th May/30th
1. To consider and, if thought fit, to
approve with or without
modification(s) the Scheme of
Arrangement amongst India
Glycols Limited (“Demerged
Company”) and Ennature Bio
Pharma Limited (“Resulting
Company 1”) and IGL Spirits
Limited (“Resulting Company 2”)
and their respective shareholders
(“Scheme”), under Sections 230 to
232 of the Companies Act, 2013.
[[page 68]]
59
May, 2027 for the fourth quarter and annual audited
financial results.
iii) Dividend
During FY 26, the Company paid an interim dividend
of ` 7.50/- per equity share of ` 5/- each (i.e. 150%),
to all those who were shareholders as on 23rd March,
2026, being the Record date fixed for the purpose.
The Board of Directors has not recommended any
final dividend for FY 2025-26, accordingly the interim
dividend shall be treated as final dividend for the FY
2025-26.
iv) Listing at stock exchanges and stock codes
The Stock Exchanges at which the equity shares of
the Company are listed as on 31 st March, 2026 and
the respective stock codes are as under:
S. Name of the Stock Exchange Stock Code
No. No./Symbol
1. BSE Limited (“BSE”) 500201
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001
2. National Stock Exchange of INDIAGLYCO
India Limited (“NSE”)
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra
(East), Mumbai-400 051
The Annual Listing fees for the financial year 2026-
27 has been paid by the Company to BSE and NSE.
The ISIN number allotted to the Company’s shares
under the depository system is INE560A01023.
No securities of the Company is suspended from
trading.
v) Registrar and Share Transfer Agents
Name and Address - M/s MCS Share Transfer Agent
Limited
179-180, DSIDC Shed, 3rd Floor Okhla Industrial Area,
Phase – 1, New Delhi – 110020.
Telephone : 011-41406149
E-mail : admin@mcsregistrars.com
Website : www.mcsregistrars.com
Fax : 011 41709881
vi) Share Transfer System
The Company’s equity shares can be transferred
through the depositories without the Company’s
involvement.
In pursuance to the provisions of Regulation 40 of
the SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended from time
to time, transfer, transmission and transposition of
securities shall be effected only in dematerialized
form.
Further, SEBI has also mandated that the listed
companies shall henceforth issue the securities in
dematerialized form only while processing the service
requests such as transmission, transposition, Issue
of duplicate securities certificate, claim from
Unclaimed Suspense Account, renewal/ exchange of
securities certificate, endorsement, sub-division/
splitting of securities certificate, consolidation of
securities certificates/ folios of securities.
Accordingly, Company/RTA had been issuing Letter
of Confirmation (“LOC”) in lieu of the share certificate
while processing any of the aforesaid investor service
request. The LOC was valid for a period of 120 days
from the date of its issuance, within which the
Shareholder/Claimant was required to make a request
to the Depository Participant (“DP”) for dematerialising
the shares failing which those shares were to be
transferred to Suspense Escrow Demat Account
(“Suspense Escrow Account”) of the Company.
Shareholder/Claimant can claim back their shares
transferred to Suspense Escrow Account upon
submission of requisite documents to the Company/
RTA.
Details of shares transferred to / released from
Suspense Escrow Account during FY 2025-26 are
as under:
Particulars No. of No. of
Shareholders Shares(face
value of
````` 5/- each) *
No. of shareholders and their shares 1 200
lying in Suspense Escrow Account as
on 1st April, 2025
No. of shareholders and their shares 3 1,400
transferred to Suspense Escrow
Account during FY 2025-26
No. of shareholders to whom shares 2 400
were transferred from Suspense
Escrow Account during FY 2025-26
No. of shareholders and their shares 2 1,200
lying in Suspense Escrow Account
as on 31st March, 2026
*During the FY 2025-26, the Company’s equity shares were sub-division from
face value of ` 10/- to ` 5/- each, accordingly the opening balance has been
shown considering the sub-division.
The voting rights on these shares shall remain frozen
till the rightful owner of such shares claims the shares.
Further, SEBI vide its Master Circular No. HO/49/14/
14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated 30 th
January, 2026, on “Ease of Doing Investment and
Ease of Doing Business”, has dispensed with the
requirement of issuing a LOC w.e.f. 2 nd April, 2026
and has introduced a revised framework under which
the RTA shall directly credit verified securities to the
investor’s demat account, following completion of
necessary due diligence. This revised process is
expected to reduce the timeline for credit of securities,
while also mitigating risks arising from loss or
misappropriation of the LOC.
In view of the above, Members holding shares in
physical form are requested to consider converting
their holdings to demat mode.
Furthermore, SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/
MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/91 dated 23rd June,
2025 as updated vide SEBI Master Circular Number
HO/38/13/(4)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/4298/2026 dated 6th
February, 2026, has prescribed, inter-alia, Common
[[page 69]]
60
and simplified norms for processing investor’s service
request by Registrar and Share Transfer Agents
(“RTAs”) and norms for furnishing PAN, KYC details
(any of the details viz., PAN, Contact Details, Mobile
Number, Bank Details and Signatures) and
Nomination details also, linkage of PAN with Aadhaar
has been made mandatory.
In view of the above, it is mandatory to furnish PAN,
KYC details and Nomination details by holders of
physical securities to the RTA. Accordingly, in
pursuance to the above circular and provisions of
Section 72 of the Act, the facility for making nomination
is available for the Members in respect of the shares
held by them. Members holding shares in physical
form are requested to submit their PAN, KYC details
and Nomination details by sending duly filled and
signed Form ISR-1 (request for registering/change/
updation of PAN, KYC details), ISR-2 (signature of
shareholder), SH-13 (nomination), SH-14
(cancellation/variation in nomination), ISR-3 (opting
out of Nomination) to the RTA at 179-180, DSIDC
Shed, 3rd Floor Okhla, Industrial Area, Phase – 1, New
Delhi – 110020 or e-mail at
admin@mcsregistrars.com .
Members holding shares in electronic form are
requested to verify and update any change/updation
in their KYC details/ Bank mandate(s) or details of
nomination immediately to their respective Depository
Participants (NSDL or CDSL) with whom they are
maintaining their demat accounts.
Special Window for lodgement of share transfer
request:
Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/
MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated 2 nd July, 2025, a
Special Window was opened from 7 th July, 2025 to
6th January, 2026 for the re-lodgement of transfer
deeds pertaining to physical shares that were lodged
prior to 1st April, 2019 and were rejected, returned, or
left unattended due to deficiencies in documents or
process, and could not be re-lodged on or before 31st
March, 2021.
Subsequently, with a view to further facilitate
investors, SEBI vide Circular No. HO/38/13/
11(2)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3750/2026 dated 30 th
January, 2026 has opened an additional Special
Window for the transfer and dematerialisation of
physical shares that were sold or purchased prior to
1st April, 2019. This Window remains open for a period
of one year, from 5 th February, 2026 to 4 th February,
2027, and covers transfer requests executed before
1st April, 2019 that were either never lodged for
transfer, or were lodged but subsequently rejected,
returned, or left unattended due to documentary
deficiencies.
Securities transferred through this mechanism shall
be credited exclusively in dematerialised form and
will be subject to a one-year lock-in period, during
which they cannot be transferred, lien-marked, or
pledged.
Further, the cases involving disputes between the
transferor and transferee shall not be entertained
under this Window and such matters may be resolved
through appropriate legal proceedings before a court
or the National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”).
Additionally, securities that have already been
transferred to the Investor Education and Protection
Fund (“IEPF”) shall not be eligible for processing
under this Window.
Eligible shareholders may submit their transfer
requests, along with the original share certificate(s)
and other requisite documents as specified in the
aforesaid SEBI Circular, within the stipulated period
to the Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent
(“RTA”) or directly to the Company at Plot- 2B, Sector-
126, Noida, Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh -
201304 or via email
at compliance.officer@indiaglycols.com .
In order to create awareness among the concerned
shareholders and facilitate the re-lodgement of eligible
transfer requests, the communication regarding above
were made to the shareholders through newspaper
advertisements and the Company’s website.
100 Days’ Campaign – Saksham Niveshak
Pursuant to the letter dated 16th July, 2025, issued by
the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority
(“IEPFA”), Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”), the
Company had launched the 100 Days’ Campaign –
 Saksham Niveshak  – from 28 th July, 2025 to 6 th
November, 2025. The campaign aimed to raise
awareness among shareholders regarding the
updation of KYC details (including PAN, bank
mandates, contact information, nomination, and
specimen signature) and to facilitate the claiming of
unpaid or unclaimed dividends.
Subsequently, pursuant to IEPFA’s communication
dated 27th March, 2026, the Company launched the
Second 100 Days’ Special Outreach Initiative under
the IEPF Saksham Niveshak Programme, covering
the period from 1st April, 2026 to 9th July, 2026.
These initiative were designed to further assist
investors in claiming their unpaid or unclaimed
dividends and updating their KYC and related details
and these campaigns reflect the Company’s
commitment to strengthening shareholder
engagement and ensuring the direct and timely
payment of unclaimed or unpaid dividends to rightful
shareholders. 
As part of this initiative, the Company undertook
several outreach measures, including issuing letters
to physical shareholders for updation of PAN, KYC,
and nomination details; publishing newspaper
advertisements; sending SMS alerts through
Depositories and hosting the information on the
Company’s website.
[[page 70]]
61
vii) Category & Distribution of shareholding as on 31st
March, 2026
Category No. of Shares % age Holders % age of
(Shares) of Face value of Total Total Share-
of ````` 5/- each Shares holders
Up to 500 45,73,252 6.82 47,826 90.50
501-1000 20,31,939 3.03 2,608 4.93
1001-2000 17,70,212 2.64 1,153 2.18
2001-3000 9,42,515 1.41 374 0.71
3001-4000 7,96,675 1.19 218 0.41
4001-5000 7,06,671 1.05 153 0.29
5001-10000 18,21,942 2.72 255 0.48
10001-50000 42,75,151 6.38 199 0.38
50001-100000 21,77,497 3.25 31 0.06
100001 and 4,79,30,911 71.51 31 0.06
above
Total 6,70,26,765 100 52,848 100
Category of Shareholders as at 31 st March, 2026
viii) Dematerialization of shares and liquidity
The shares of the Company are compulsorily traded
in dematerialized form. Entire Promoters shareholding
is in dematerialized form. The Company’s shares are
actively traded on BSE and NSE. As on 31 st March,
2026, 99.09% shares were held in dematerialized
form and 0.91% in physical form.
Shares held in physical and dematerialized form
Sl. No. Mode of Holding %age
1. NSDL 26.62
2. CDSL 72.47
3. Physical 0.91
ix) Outstanding GDR’s/ADR’s/Warrants/ convertible
instruments, conversion date and their impact on
equity –Nil
x) Plant Locations
1) A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur-
244713, Distt. Udham Singh Nagar, Uttarakhand.
2) E-1, Sector-15, Gorakhpur Industrial
Development Area, Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh.
3) Plot No. 2, 3, 4 & 5 Pharma City, Selaqui,
Dehradun, Uttarakhand.
xi) Address for correspondence
India Glycols Limited, Plot No. 2-B, Sector-126, Noida-
201304, Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh
Telephone : 0120- 3090100
Fax : 0120-3090111
Website : www.indiaglycols.com
E-Mail : compliance.officer@indiaglycols.com
xii) Management
a) Management Discussion and Analysis -
Management discussion and analysis report
forms part of the Annual Report.
b) Disclosure on Risk Management -  The
Company has laid down Risk Management
system to inter-alia, identify, monitor and mitigate
the associated risks. The Board of Directors
periodically review and refine the same.
xiii) Reconciliation of Share Capital
The certificate of Reconciliation of Share capital Audit
confirming that the total issued capital of the Company
is in agreement with the total number of shares in
physical form and the total number of dematerialized
shares held with NSDL and CDSL is placed before
the Board on quarterly basis and also submitted to
the Stock Exchanges.
xiv) Compliance Certificate from the Statutory
Auditors
Certificate from the Statutory Auditors of the
Company, M/s K. N. Gutgutia and Co., Chartered
Accountants, confirming compliance with the
provisions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in
SEBI Listing Regulations is annexed to this Report
and forms part of the Annual Report.
xv) Equity shares in the suspense account  – N.A.
xvi) Disclosure of certain type of agreements binding
Listed Entities
There is no such agreement which is required to be
disclosed under clause 5A of paragraph A of Part A
of Schedule III of SEBI Listing Regulations.
xvii)Transfer of unpaid/unclaimed amounts to Investor
Education and Protection Fund
During the FY 2025-26, the Company transferred
` 21,01,448/- being dividend for FY 2017-18 to
Investor Education and Protection Fund pursuant to
Section 125 of the Act.
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Section 124(6)
of the Act Read with the Investor Education and
Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer
and Refund) Rules, 2016 (‘IEPF Rules’), as amended,
during the FY 2025-26, 1,10,434 equity shares of
` 5/- each, on which the dividend remained unpaid/
unclaimed for seven consecutive years, were
transferred to the demat account of the IEPF Authority
(“IEPF Account”), after completing all the procedural
formalities in this regard.
Members who have not encashed the dividend
warrants so far are requested to claim the same to
avoid transferring the unpaid/unclaimed dividend and
respective shares to the IEPF Authority and IEPF
Account, respectively.

[[page 71]]
62
Placed on Rating
Watch with
Developing
Implications
(RWD)**
The details of unpaid/unclaimed dividend lying with
the Company in respect of last seven years and date
for transfer of the same to IEPF has been uploaded
on the website of the Company at
https://www.indiaglycols.com/compliances/
The Members may note that no claim shall lie against
the Company in respect of said dividend(s) and
shares, upon their transfer to IEPF. However, the
same can be claimed back from them after complying
with the procedure prescribed under the IEPF rules
by visiting the weblink: http://
iepf.gov.in/IEPF/refund.html . For any related
information, RTA or the Company may also be
contacted. In terms of the IEPF Rules, Shri Ankur Jain,
Company Secretary is the Nodal Officer.
The voting rights on the shares transferred to IEPF
Authority shall remain frozen till the rightful owner
claims the shares.
The details of unclaimed Dividend as on 31 st March,
2026 and its due date for transfer to IEPF are as
follows:-
Sl. Dividend for Date of Amount Due Date
No. the Financial Declaration (in `````) of Transfer
Year
1 2018-19 22nd 23,84,730.00 19 th
(Final) August, September,
2019 2026
2 2019-20 3rd 34,73,057.29 7 th
(Interim) March, April,
2020 2027
3 2020-21 24th 22,33,783.81 26 th
(Final) September, October,
2021 2028
4 2021-22 7th 21,98,960.53 9 th
(Final) September, October,
2022 2029
Sl. Dividend for Date of Amount Due Date
No. the Financial Declaration (in `````) of Transfer
Year
5 2022-23 12th 21,75,407.86 15 th
(Final) September, October,
2023 2030
6 2023-24 28th 35,24,162.74 28 th
(Final) August, September,
2024 2031
7 2024-25 30th 28,91,634.32 2 nd
(Final) September, November,
2025 2032
xviii)Credit Ratings
The Company has not issued any debt instruments
and did not have any fixed deposit programme or any
scheme or proposal involving mobilisation of funds in
India or abroad during the financial year ended 31 st
March 2026.
During the financial year 2025-26, CARE Ratings
Limited (“CARE”), a credit rating Agency vide its letter
dated 6th March, 2026, reviewed the ratings of long-
term/short-term facilities of the Company. The
instrument wise ratings are as under:
Instrument Type Rating Rating Action
Fund-based - LT- CARE A-; RWD
Term Loan
Fund-based - LT/ CARE A- / CARE
ST-Working Capital A2+; RWD
Limits
Non-fund-based - CARE A2+;RWD
ST-BG/LC
Fund-based LT- Withdrawn*
Bank Guarantee
*Subsequent to receipt of No Objection Certificate from the Banks that had
extended facilities rated by CARE.
**Post considering, inter-alia, the scheme of arrangement amongst the
Company, Ennature Bio Pharma Limited and IGL Spirits Limited (as approved
by the Board of Directors on 16 th May, 2025).
[[page 72]]
63
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To,
The Members of
INDIA GLYCOLS LIMITED
1. We, K.N. GUTGUTIA & CO., CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS , the Statutory Auditors of INDIA GLYCOLS LIMITED (the
“Company”), have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by the Company, for the year ended
on 31st March, 2026, as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2) and para C and D of
Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 (the Listing Regulations).
Management’s Responsibility
2. The Compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility includes
the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with conditions
of the Corporate Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.
Auditor’s Responsibility
3. Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, our responsibility is to express a reasonable assurance in the form
of an opinion as to whether the Company has complied with the conditions of corporate governance as stated in paragraph
2 above. Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company
for ensuring compliance with the conditions of the corporate governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion
on the financial statements of the Company.
4. We have examined relevant records of the Company in accordance with the applicable Generally Accepted Auditing
Standards in India, the Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India (ICAI), and Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the ICAI which
requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.
5. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control
of Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services
Engagements.
Opinion
6. Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations provided to us and the
representations provided by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate
Governance as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule
V of the Listing Regulations during the year ended 31 st March, 2026.
7. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or
effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
FOR K. N. GUTGUTIA & CO.
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FRN 304153E
(B. R. GOYAL)
PARTNER
PLACE: NEW DELHI M. NO.: 12172
DATE : 14th May, 2026 UDIN: 26012172JDCOSO7458
[[page 73]]
64
The Board of Directors
India Glycols Limited
Pursuant to Regulation 17(8) and 33 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
We, the undersigned do hereby certify as under in the capacity of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of India
Glycols Limited in respect of the financial year ended on 31 st March, 2026:
a. We have reviewed the financial statements and the cash flow statements for the financial year ended 31 st March, 2026 and
to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:
i) these statements do not contain any misleading untrue statements or omit any material fact or contain any statements
that might be misleading;
ii) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing
accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
b. We further state that to the best of our knowledge and belief, there are no transactions entered into by the Company during
the year, which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.
c. We are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated the
effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and have disclosed to the Auditors
and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware
and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
d. We have indicated, wherever applicable, to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:
i) that there were no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;
ii) significant changes in the accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to
the financial statements; and
iii) that there were no instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein of the
management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.
For India Glycols Limited For India Glycols Limited
Place: Noida Rupark Sarswat Anand Singhal
Date : 14th May, 2026 Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
To the Members of India Glycols Limited
DECLARATION
I, Rupark Sarswat, Chief Executive Officer of India Glycols Limited do hereby declare that the Company had received affirmation
from all the members of the Board and Senior Management personnel stating compliance of the code of conduct for the year
2025-26 pursuant to the requirement of the Regulation 26 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations 2015.
For India Glycols Limited
Place : Noida Rupark Sarswat
Date : 7th May, 2026 Chief Executive Officer
CEO/CFO CERTIFICATE
[[page 74]]
65
SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
I. Details of the listed entity
1 Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity L24111UR1983PLC009097
2 Name of the Listed Entity India Glycols Limited
3 Year of incorporation 1983
4 Registered office address A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur- 244713,
Dist. Udham Singh Nagar, Uttarakhand
5 Corporate address Corporate Office - 3A, Shakespeare Sarani, Kolkata - 700 071
Head Office - Plot No. 2-B, Sector-126, Noida - 201304
Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh
6 E-mail compliance.officer@indiaglycols.com
7 Telephone 0120-6860000/ 3090100/ 3090200
8W e b s i t e www.indiaglycols.com
9 Financial year for which reporting is being done 1st April, 2025 to 31 st March, 2026
10 Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where BSE Limited ("BSE") and National Stock Exchange of India
shares are listed Limited ("NSE")
11 Paid-up Capital ` 33,51,33,825/-*
12 Name and contact details (telephone, e-mail address) of Shri Alok Singhal
the person who may be contacted in case of any queries Telephone: 05947-269000/ 269500
on the BRSR report E-mail id: alok.singhal@indiaglycols.com
13 Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this report Standalone basis
made on a standalone basis (i.e. only for the entity) or on a
consolidated basis (i.e. for the entity and all the entities
which form a part of its consolidated financial statements,
taken together)
14 Name of assessment or assurance provider Not Applicable
15 Type of assessment or assurance obtained Not Applicable
*Pursuant to allotment of 51,03,765 equity shares, of face value of ` 5/- each, on preferential basis, on 24 th November 2025, the paid-up share capital was
increased from ` 30,96,15,000 to ` 33,51,33,825.
II. Products/services
16 Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):
S. Description of Main Activity Description of Business Activity % of Turnover
No. of the entity
1 Bio-Based Specialities and Manufacturing, sales and marketing of: 11.60%
Performance Chemicals o Bio-based Glycols (MEG, DEG, TEG and Heavy Glycols), Glycol Ethers,
Glycol Ether Acetates.
o Bio-based Ethylene Oxide.
o Industrial Gases, Bio Polymers etc.
2 Potable Spirits Manufacturing, sales and marketing of Potable Spirits - Indian Made Foreign 68.74%
Liquor ("IMFL"), Branded Country Liquor and Extra Neutral Alcohol ("ENA").
3 Ennature Bio-pharma Manufacturing, sales and marketing of Nutraceuticals and API. 2.09%
4 Bio-fuel Power Alcohol (DAE) 14.96%
17 Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity's Turnover):
S. Product/Service NIC Code % of total Turnover
No. contributed
1 Glycols & Others 20119 10.74%
2 Power Alcohol (DAE) (Bio-fuels) 20119 14.96%
3 Guar Gum Powder and Derivatives (Bio Polymers) 20119 0.39%
4 Ethyl Alcohol (Potable) 1101 68.74%
5 Industrial Gases 20111 0.47%
6 Chemicals and Oil Products 20119 1.94%
7 Nutraceuticals 21001 2.09%
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
[[page 75]]
66
III. Op erations
18. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:
Location Number of plants Number of offices Total
National 3 4 7
*International 0 0 0
* We undertake business activities in USA and South East Asia (through subsidiary companies).
19. Markets served by the entity:
a. Number of locations
Locations Number
National (No. of States) 26 States and 6 Union Territories
International (No. of Countries) 48
b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?
5.11%
c. A brief on types of customers:  The Company offers a wide and diversified product portfolio catering to multiple end-
use applications. Accordingly, its customer base is equally diverse, ranging from large corporates to medium and
small enterprises, as well as traders and distributors, depending on the dynamics of the respective end markets.
Bio-Based Specialities and Performance Chemicals
Under this segment, the Company serves a broad industrial customer base, including manufacturers across industries
such as PET, polyester fiber, paints, solvents and coatings, oilfield chemicals, textiles, beverages, automotive (coolants
and brake fluids), EO derivatives and food and animal nutrition (poultry, cattle and aquaculture).
Ennature Biopharma (Nutraceuticals/API)
This segment is focused on the health and wellness sector, supplying high-quality Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients
(APIs) to pharmaceutical companies and botanical extracts to nutraceutical players. It also manufactures nicotine for
the pharmaceutical industry and products designed for smoking cessation.
Potable Sprits
Products in this segment are primarily targeted at retail end consumers.
Extra Neutral Alcohol (ENA)
ENA is supplied directly to end-users in the potable liquor, perfumery and pharmaceutical industries.
Bio Fuel
The Company supplies ethanol to Oil Manufacturing Companies under the Ethanol Blended Petrol (EBP) Programme,
contributing to cleaner and sustainable fuel initiatives.
IV. Employees
20. Details as at the end of Financial Year:
a. Employees and workers (including differently abled):
S. Particulars Total Male Female
No. (A) No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A)
EMPLOYEES
1 Permanent (D) 945 907 95.98% 38 4.02%
2 Other than Permanent (E) 338 327 96.75% 11 3.25%
3 Total employees (D + E) 1,283 1,234 96.18% 49 3.82%
WORKERS
4 Permanent (F) 455 455 100.00% 0 0.00%
5 Other than Permanent (G) 2,213 2,054 92.82% 159 7.18%
6 Total workers (F + G) 2,668 2,509 94.04% 159 5.96%
[[page 76]]
67
b. Differently abled Employees and workers:
S. Particulars Total Male Female
No. (A) No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A)
DIFFERENTLY ABLED EMPLOYEES
1 Permanent (D) 1 1 100% 0 0.00%
2 Other than Permanent (E) 1 1 100% 0 0.00%
3 Total differently abled employees (D + E) 2 2 100% 0 0.00%
DIFFERENTLY ABLED WORKERS
4 Permanent (F) 0 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
5 Other than Permanent (G) 0 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
6 Total differently abled workers (F + G) 0 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
21. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women
Total No. and percentage
of females
(A) No. (B) % (B / A)
Board of Directors 83 3 7 . 5 0 %
Key Management Personnel 3 0 0.00%
22. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Male Female Total Male Female Total Male Female Total
Permanent Employees 15% 16% 15% 14% 23% 14% 19% 24% 19%
Permanent Workers 12% 0% 12% 11% 0% 11% 8% 0% 8%
V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)
23. a) Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures
S. Name of the holding / Indicate whether % of shares held Does the entity indicated at
No. subsidiary / associate holding/ Subsidiary/ by listed entity column A, participate in the
companies / joint ventures (A) Associate/ Joint Business Responsibility
Venture initiatives of the listed
entity? (Yes/No)
1. Kashipur Holdings Limited* Holding* - No
2. IGL Spirits Limited Subsidiary 100% No
3. Ennature Bio Pharma Limited Subsidiary 100% No
4. IGL Finance Limited Subsidiary 100% No
5. IGL Chemicals and Services Subsidiary 100% No
Private Limited
6. IGL Chem International USA LLC Subsidiary 100% No
7. IGL Chem International Pte. Ltd. Subsidiary 100% No
8. Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Joint Venture 45.37% No
Private Limited**
* Consequent to the preferential issue, the shareholding of Kashipur Holdings Limited's reduced from 50.35% to 49.77% and, it c eased to be the Holding
Company w.e.f. 24 th November, 2025.
**Additionally, 3.63% is held by IGL Chemicals and Services Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary.
VI. CSR Details
24. (i) Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013:  Yes
(ii) Turnover (in `````): 9,82,619.99 lakh
(iii) Net worth (in `````): 2,53,743.84 lakh
[[page 77]]
68
VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances
25. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible
Business Conduct:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Stakeholder group Grievance Redressal Mechanism in Number of Number of Remarks Number of Number of Remarks
from whom complaint Place (Yes/No) (If yes, then provide complaints complaints complaints complaints
is received web-link for grievance redress filed during pending filed during pending
policy) the year resolution the year resolution
at close of at close of
the year the year
Communities 0 0 - 0 0 -
Investors (other than 0 0 - 0 0 -
shareholders)
Shareholders *27 0 - *16 0 -
Employees and workers 0 0 - 0 0 -
Customers 69 2 - 69 0 -
Value Chain Partners 0 0 - 0 0 -
Other (please specify) - - - - - - -
*Complaints as reported to Stock Exchange as per SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
26. Overview of the entity's material responsible business conduct issues:
Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and
social matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach
to adapt or mitigate the risk along-with its financial implications, as per the following format:
S. Material issue Indicate Rat ionale for identifying the risk / opportunity In case of risk, approach to adapt or mi tigate Financial implications
No. identified whether risk or of the risk or
opportunity opportunity (Indicate
(R/O) positive or negative
implications)
1 Environment Risk Negative
2 Corporate Opportunity Positive
Governance -
Board oversight,
conflict of
interest, ethics
and compliance.
Yes, the Company actively engages with
local communities through its CSR plans/
activities to understand and address their
grievances. Requisite corrective actions
are taken in coordination with the
management team.
Yes - The Company has a dedicated e-
mail address i.e.,
investor.relations@indiaglycols.com
where investors can raise their grievances
or queries. They may also contact the
Company via telephone at +91-120-
6860000, 3090100, or 3090200.
Yes - Shareholders can lodge complaints
via e-mail to the Company Secretary &
Compliance Officer at
compliance.officer@indiaglycols.com  or
to the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent
(RTA) at admin@mcsregistrars.com .
Yes - The Company has a dedicated
Grievance Redressal Committee for
addressing employee and worker
grievances with structured internal
processes ensuring effective resolution.
Yes - The Company maintains constant
contact and regularly gathers feedback.
https://www.indiaglycols.com/contact-us/ .
Yes - The Company maintains constant
contact and regularly gathers feedback.
https://www.indiaglycols.com/contact-us/ .
Amendments to existing laws, along with the introduction of new regulations,
may impact raw material procurement, production processes, effluent
treatment, disposal practices and manufacturing of finished products. Along
with other environmental considerations, these changes could adversely
affect our business operations.
The Company remains firmly committed to upholding the highest standards
of governance, recognising that long-term sustainability is underpinned by
a strong governance framework and a culture of integrity. With increasing
emphasis on transparency, accountability, and fairness in regulatory
expectations, the Company is focused not only on strict adherence to
existing requirements but also on proactively preparing for evolving
governance norms.
In view of the challenges arising from climate change and evolving environmental
concerns, the Company continues to realign its strategies to ensure operational
resilience and sustainability. Internally, focused initiatives are being undertaken
to reduce carbon emissions and minimise the overall environmental footprint of
its operations.
The Company has implemented systems, procedures and policies to effectively
uphold governance standards. Its Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy, along
with Anti-Bribery policies, guide employees and workers to act with integrity
and fairness in the discharge of their official duties. In addition, the Whistle
Blower Policy, Related Party Transactions Policy and established reporting
mechanisms facilitate timely identification and resolution of any concerns that
may arise.
[[page 78]]
69
S. Material issue Indicate Rat ionale for identifying the risk / opportunity In case of risk, approach to adapt or mi tigate Financial implications
No. identified whether risk or of the risk or
opportunity opportunity (Indicate
(R/O) positive or negative
implications)
3 Sustainability Opportunity Positive
4 Handling Risk Negative
Hazardous
Material
5 Waste Risk Negative
Management
6 Health and Risk Negative
Safety issues
7 Raw Material Opport unity Positive
Sourcing
8 Stakeholder Opportunity Positive
engagement
9 Cyber Security Risk Negative
SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place towards adopting
the NGRBC Principles and Core Elements.
S. No. Disclosure Questions
Policy and management processes
1 a. Whether your entity's policy/policies cover each principle
and its core elements of the NGRBCs. (Yes/No)
b. Has the policy been approved by the Board? (Yes/No)
c. Web Link of the Policies, if available
Environmentally responsible products continue to be key drivers of long-
term growth. Global challenges such as climate change, ozone depletion,
resource scarcity, bioaccumulation and the persistence of certain chemicals
are being progressively addressed through sustainable practices. At the
same time, the Company remains committed to its social responsibilities
and consistently upholds high standards of professional conduct and
workplace ethics.
Safe and responsible handling of hazardous materials across its operations
to protect the health and well-being of its employees and to minimise any
potential impact on the surrounding environment.
The Company assumes full responsibility for the safe and compliant disposal
of both hazardous and non-hazardous waste in accordance with applicable
environmental laws and its sustainability commitments. Any deviation from
these requirements would result in legal, financial and reputational
implications, including imposition of fines and penalties by regulatory
authorities.
Given the inherent risks involved in handling hazardous chemicals and
processes, ensuring the health and safety of employees and workers is
critical. Any untoward incident at the plant could pose serious risks to life,
disrupt operations and adversely impact the Company's productivity and
reputation.
A significant portion of the Company's raw materials is sourced from green
and bio-based inputs, which play a vital role in the manufacture of its finished
products. These materials support the Company's commitment to
developing sustainable solutions that help reduce its overall environmental
impact.
Opportunity to engage with stakeholders and seek their inputs.
With the expansion of its business operations, the Company is increasingly
exposed to risks related to data breaches, cyber threats and evolving
challenges for data privacy and protection.
As a green chemical company driven by innovative technologies and a long-
term sustainability vision, the Company has not only adopted a range of green
solutions but also continuously strives to develop new green processes, materials
and systems tailored to meet the evolving requirements of its valued customers.
The Company ensures adherence to Occupational Health and Safety standards,
its Environment, Health and Safety ("EHS") Policy and the operational protocols
for the safe handling of hazardous materials. It also undertakes periodic risk
assessments and implements corresponding action plans to address identified
risks.
The Company is committed to minimising waste generation and reducing its
environmental footprint through responsible waste management practices. To
achieve this goal, the Company has implemented various waste management
practices, including:
- Use of Briquette made out of plant waste in Dehradun Plant.
- Collaborating with government-approved vendors for the collection and
safe disposal of hazardous and other types of waste.
- The Company have Zero Liquid Discharge ("ZLD") System Installation
at its Distilleries at Kashipur and Gorakhpur as well as herbal extraction
plant of Dehradun.
- The Company is registered under Extended Producers Responsibility
("EPR") regime under Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016 and has
signed the agreement(s) with authorised vendors for collection of plastic
waste. Hazardous waste is sent to authorised recyclers.
The majority of hazardous waste, such as spent catalysts and used/waste oil,
is recyclable and is responsibly sent to recyclers approved by the Ministry of
Environment, Forests, and Climate Change ("MoEF & CC").
The Company adheres to the highest safety and operational standards in
accordance with its defined Standard Operating Procedures ("SOPs") and
policies governing plant operations and the handling of hazardous materials.
Appropriate personal protective equipment's are provided to personnel working
inside the plants and regular fire drills are conducted to ensure familiarity with
emergency evacuation procedures.
The Company also undertakes periodic reviews and updates of its health and
safety protocols and related SOPs, with continuous identification of gaps and
implementation of improvement measures forming an integral part of its systems.
The Company continues to make sustained efforts to source alternative green
feedstocks and explore diversified geographies for procurement. In parallel, it
is continuously strengthening its R&D capabilities to develop more sustainable
products based on bio-based and environmentally responsible raw materials.
A procedure for stakeholder engagement has been established and is being
consistently followed. The Company maintains a continuous and proactive
approach to engaging with its stakeholders.
The Company has implemented proactive measures to strengthen the
cybersecurity of its information assets, including the deployment of essential
infrastructure, advanced tools and comprehensive backup strategies to
effectively mitigate cyber risks.
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
https://www.indiaglycols.com/policies-codes
[[page 79]]
70
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Committee of the Board Annually
Committee of the Board Annually
S. No. Disclosure Questions
2 Whether the entity has translated the policy into procedures.
(Yes / No)
3 Do the enlisted policies extend to your value chain partners?
(Yes/No)
4 Name of the national and international codes/certifications/
labels/ standards (e.g. Forest Stewardship Council, Fairtrade,
Rainforest Alliance, and Trustea) standards (e.g. SA 8000,
OHSAS, ISO, BIS) adopted by your entity and mapped to
each principle.
5 Specific commitments, goals and targets set by the entity with
defined timelines, if any.
6 Performance of the entity against the specific commitments,
goals and targets along-with reasons in case the same are
not met.
Governance, leadership and oversight
7 Statement by director responsible for the business
responsibility report, highlighting ESG related challenges,
targets and achievements.
8 Details of the highest authority responsible for implementation
and oversight of the Business Responsibility policy(ies).
9 Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/
Director responsible for decision making on sustainability
related issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide details.
10 Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:
Subject for Review Indicate whether review was Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/
undertaken by Director / Committee Quarterly/ Any other - please specify)
of the Board/ Any other Committee
Performance against above policies and follow up action
Compliance with statutory requirements of relevance to
the principles, and rectification of any non-compliances
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
The Company has following certificates for its different plants/facilities on the basis of their
statutory requirements:
Revised High Level Structure of: Quality Management System (ISO 9001: 2015), Quality
Management System (ISO 9001: 2015 + HACCP), Food Safety Management System (ISO
22000: 2018), Food Safety System Certificate (FSSC 22000), Energy Management System
(ISO 50001: 2018), Environmental Management System (ISO 14001: 2015), Occupational
Health and Safety management System (ISO 45001: 2018), Quality Management System
for the medical device industry (ISO 13485 : 2016), (ISO certificate 16128-2:2017) for cosmetic
ingredients and finished cosmetic products.
Other Ethical Certifications: Halal, Kosher, FSSAI, SEDEX Registered, SMETA 4-Pillar Audited.
Product Sustainability Certifications: ISCC Plus, RSB Certification, RSPO Certification, BIS
Certificate for MEG, Bonsucro Certification, EU REACH registered products- Nicotine, MEG,
DEG, DEGMEE & EO; K REACH registered product- MEG, CEP's obtained for API
(Thiocolchicoside and Colchicine), EUDRA certificate for Thiocolchicosidefrom EDQM, NSF
GMP, WHO GMP with CoPP from CDSCO.
The Company is actively advancing initiatives to strengthen sustainability, with a focus on
producing environmentally responsible products that reduce carbon footprint and overall
environmental impact. The Company utilises bio-based and green raw materials, including
molasses, broken rice, grain-based alcohol, among others in its manufacturing processes.
The Company continues to promote sustainable resource use in manufacturing through
initiatives focused on reducing environmental impact, enhancing material and energy
efficiency, and adopting cleaner technologies. These efforts are regularly monitored to track
progress and drive continuous improvement.
India Glycols Limited (IGL) has made significant progress in advancing its sustainability
journey over the past year, reinforcing its commitment to responsible growth. We have
intensified our efforts to reduce environmental impact by improving energy efficiency,
optimizing manufacturing processes, and increasing the use of renewable energy. Our focus
on waste minimization through recycling and resource recovery has strengthened circular
practices, leading to better resource utilization. These initiatives have contributed to reductions
in Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.
Equally important is our commitment to social responsibility. We continue to foster a safe,
inclusive, and engaging workplace, with enhanced employee wellness programs that address
both physical and mental well-being. Investments in skill development and continuous learning
have empowered our workforce, while our focus on diversity, equity, and inclusion ensures
a culture of respect and equal opportunity.
Our community engagement initiatives remain a cornerstone of our social impact. We support
education, water conservation, and rural livelihood programs aimed at improving quality of life
and promoting sustainable development. Additionally, we extend assistance through social
welfare and disaster relief efforts, reinforcing our role as a responsible corporate citizen.
Strong ethical governance underpins all our actions. Our robust frameworks ensure
transparency, accountability, and compliance with regulatory requirements, while active
stakeholder engagement enables us to align our strategies with broader expectations and
build lasting trust.
While we are encouraged by the progress made, we recognize that sustainability is an ongoing
journey. We remain committed to embedding sustainable practices across our operations,
driving long-term value for stakeholders, and contributing meaningfully to India's sustainable
industrial future.
The CSR Committee of the Board is the authority for reviewing and overseeing the
implementation of the policy.
Yes. The CSR Committee of the Company.
[[page 80]]
71
11. Has the entity carried out independent assessment/
evaluation of the working of its policies by an external
agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide name of the agency.
12. If answer to question (1) above is "No" i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:
Questions
The entity does not consider the principles material to its
business (Yes/No)
The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to formulate
and implement the policies on specified principles (Yes/No)
The entity does not have the financial or/human and technical
resources available for the task (Yes/No)
It is planned to be done in the next financial year (Yes/No)
Any other reason (please specify)
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
This section is aimed at helping entities demonstrate their performance in integrating the Principles and Core Elements with
key processes and decisions. The information sought is categorized as "Essential" and "Leadership". While the essential
indicators are expected to be disclosed by every entity that is mandated to file this report, the leadership indicators may be
voluntarily disclosed by entities which aspire to progress to a higher level in their quest to be socially, environmentally and
ethically responsible.
PRINCIPLE 1 Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical,
Transparent and Accountable.
Essential Indicators
1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the Principles during the financial year:
Segment Total number of Topics / principles covered under the training and its % age of persons in
training and impact respective category
awareness covered by the
programmes held awareness programmes
Board of Directors 7 100%
Key Managerial 7
Personnel
Employees other 202 74%
than BoD and KMPs
Workers 244 79%
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Yes - Policies are periodically reviewed and evaluated internally. The relevant
SOPs and objectives related to Health, Safety, Environment, Quality, and Energy
Conservation are audited by DNV in accordance with the applicable ISO
certifications and defined policies.
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Not Applicable
Business Strategy & Corporate Restructuring, Board
Governance, CSR Activities, Legal & Regulatory Updates, Fund
Raising, Liquidity & Business Outlook, Related Party Transaction
Framework etc.
• Cyber Security
• Advance Excel & AI Applications
• Disaster Management
•P O S H
• Environment, Health & Safety (EHS)
• First Time Managers
• CII Masterclass on Negotiation Skills for Business Success
and Chemical Regulations
• Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
• Cardiac Awareness Session
• Driving Business Growth through strategic Product Leadership
• Fire Hose Drill
• Fire and Safety Awareness
• First Aid Skill Development
• Certificate program in renewable energy and net zero energy
etc.
• Behavior-Based Safety (BBS)
• Disaster Management
•S O P ' s
• Process Safety Management (PSM)
• Environment, Health & Safety (EHS)
•P O S H
• Fire and Safety Awareness
• First Aid Skill Development etc.
[[page 81]]
72
2. Details of fines / penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by
the entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the financial
year, in the following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in
Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the
entity's website):
Monetary
NGRBC Name of the Amount Brief of the Case Has an
Principle regulatory/ (In INR) appeal been
enforcement preferred?
agencies/ judicial (Yes/No)
institutions
Penalty/ Fine Principle 1 High Court of ` 10,39,32,564/- No
Uttarakhand
Principle 1 Commissioner, ` 3,84,25,020/- No
CGST (Appeals),
Noida - Uttar
Pradesh
Principle 1 The Additional ` 44,18,622/- Yes
Commissioner,
ACC (Import)
NCH, New Delhi
Principle 1 Commissioner ` 74,43,00,000/- Yes
(Appeals), Noida,
Uttar Pradesh
("Appellate
Authority")
The matter pertains to the classification of RAB under the Central Excise Tariff for the
FY's 2005-06 to 2008-09.
A Show Cause Notice (SCN) was issued proposing a duty demand of ` 41.84 crore on
RAB. Vide Order-in-Original dated 9 th May, 2019, the Commissioner confirmed a duty
demand of ` 10.39 crore along with applicable interest and an equivalent penalty and
dropped the balance demand.
The Company challenged the said order before CESTAT, New Delhi. Vide its order
dated 20 th August, 2024, CESTAT allowed the appeal and set aside the entire duty
demand of ` 10.39 crore, along with applicable interest and the penalty.
Thereafter, the Commissioner of CGST & Central Excise, Dehradun has filed an appeal
before the Honorable Uttarakhand High Court at Nainital challenging the said CESTAT
order. The matter is presently pending and is yet to be listed for hearing.
The matter pertains to Show Cause Notice (SCN) pertaining to FY 2017-18 alleging
wrong availment of Transitional Input Tax Credit (ITC). The Company had submitted
detailed response to the allegations raised in SCN. However, the Joint Commissioner
CGST, Noida disallowed the Transitional ITC and demanded recovery of ` 1,92,12,510,
along with applicable interest and imposed an equivalent penalty under the provisions
of the CGST/UPGST Act.
Against the above order of Joint Commissioner CGST, Noida, the Company filed an
appeal before the Commissioner, CGST (Appeals), Noida, Uttar Pradesh. Subsequently,
the Commissioner (Appeals) allowed the Company's appeal and set aside the order
dated 28 th January 2025 of the Joint Commissioner, CGST, Noida, thereby quashing
the demand for recovery of Transitional ITC of ` 1,92,12,510, along with the
corresponding penalty and applicable interest. As a result, the demand for tax, penalty
and interest stands dropped.
The matter pertains to customs classification of certain goods imported by the Company's
Ennature Bio-Pharma division during the period June, 2020 to September 2024.
The Company submitted a detailed reply to the allegations raised in the Show Cause
Notice ("SCN") issued by the Joint Commissioner of Customs, Air Cargo Complex
(Import), Delhi. However, the Additional Commissioner, ACC (Import) NCH, New Delhi
("Adjudicating Authority") did not consider the submissions in the right prospective
and confirmed the entire duty demand of ` 32,95,005/- along with applicable interest
and also imposed a penalty.
The Company had already deposited the duty demand of ` 32,96,284/- along with
interest of ` 11,22,338/- aggregating to ` 44,18,622/- under protest, before the issuance
of SCN which has been appropriated towards the amount of short duty paid and interest
thereon, by the Adjudicating Authority.
Against the above order, the Company has filed an appeal before Commissioner of Customs
(Appeals), New Customs House, Near IGI Airport, New Delhi on 27th February, 2026.
The matter pertains to differential Custom Duty on import of Denatured Ethyl Alcohol,
on which concessional duty benefit was availed at the time of import during the period
from 1st July, 2017 to 1 st February, 2021.
Earlier, the Company had received an order dated 22 nd March, 2024 from the Office of
Additional Commissioner, Noida Customs Commissionerate, Uttar Pradesh ("Impugned
Order"), confirming an amount of ` 33.43 crore as duty paid short along with applicable
interest, imposing penalty of ` 82 crore and redemption fine of ` 191.76 crore
(aggregating to ` 307.19 crore) under the Customs Act, 1962.
Subsequently, the Company filed an appeal against the Impugned Order and the
Appellate Authority vide its order dated 27 th February 2026 (received on 12 th March,
2026) partially allowed the Company's appeal and upheld the Impugned Order with
respect to demand of ` 33.43 crore as duty short paid along with applicable interest
and penalty of ` 41 crore. The demand for penalty amount of ` 41 crore and redemption
fine of ` 191.76 crore has been set aside.
Consequently, there has been a reduction in the substantial amount of total demand
against the Company in this matter.
Against the said order, an appeal is being filed before the CESTAT, Allahabad.
[[page 82]]
73
Settlement Nil
Compounding Nil
fee
Non-Monetary
NGRBC Name of the Amount Brief of the Case Has an
Principle regulatory/ (In INR) appeal been
enforcement preferred?
agencies/ judicial (Yes/No)
institutions
Imprisonment Nil
Punishment Nil
3. Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/Revision preferred in cases where monetary
or non-monetary action has been appealed.
Case Details Name of the regulatory/ enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions
Details as provided in Question 2 above.
4. Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available,
provide a web-link to the policy.
Yes. The Company is committed to preventing, deterring and detecting fraud, bribery and all forms of corrupt business
practices. It is the Company's policy to conduct its operations with the highest standards of honesty, integrity and ethics
and to strictly enforce a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption across all its operations.
5. Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement
agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Directors 00
KMPs 00
Employees 00
Workers 00
6. Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Number Remarks Number Remarks
Number of complaints received in relation to issues 0 - 0 -
of Conflict of Interest of the Directors
Number of complaints received in relation to issues 0 - 0 -
of Conflict of Interest of the KMPs
7. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines / penalties / action taken by
regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest.
Not applicable
8. Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the following
format:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Number of days of accounts payables 113 130
9. Open-ness of business
Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties along-
with loans and advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format:
Parameter Metrics FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Concentration of a. Purchases from trading houses as % of total purchases 8.46% 8.48%
Purchases b. Number of trading houses where purchases are made from 277 341
c. Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total purchases from trading houses 67.81% 60.19%
Concentration of a. Sales to dealers / distributors as % of total sales 7.69% 12.77%
Sales b. Number of dealers / distributors to whom sales are made 612 612
c. Sales to top 10 dealers / distributors as % of total sales to dealers / distributors 31.12% 30.81%
[[page 83]]
74
Parameter Metrics FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Share of RPTs in a. Purchases (Purchases with related parties / Total Purchases) 0.01% 0.03%
b. Sales (Sales to related parties / Total Sales) 4.34% 5.75%
c. Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to related parties/Total loans & advances) 93.17% 97.44%
d. Investments (Investments in related parties / Total Investments made) 100% 100%
Leadership Indicators
1. Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the Principles during the financial year:
Total number Topics / principles covered % age of value chain partners covered (by
of awareness under the training value of business done with such partners)
programmes held under the awareness programmes
10 Child Labour, Forced Labour, Health and Safety, Collective 2%
Bargaining, Discrimination, Working Hours, Remuneration,
Disciplinary Practices etc.
2. Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board?
(Yes/No) If Yes, provide details of the same.
Yes. The Company has established a Code of Conduct which, inter alia, provides that:
a. The Directors, Senior Management Personal are obligated to adhere to the policies and procedures that governing the
Company's business conduct. Their responsibilities include helping to create and maintain a culture of high ethical
standards, commitment to compliance and maintaining a conducive work environment where stakeholders feel
empowered to raise concerns to management's attention.
b. In carrying out the duties and responsibilities, Directors and Senior Management personnel should refrain from:
i. appropriating corporate business opportunities for themselves that are discovered through the use of Company's
resources or information or their position as Director or Senior official;
ii. Using Company's property or information or their position as Director or Senior Official for personal gain; and
iii. Competing with the Company.
c. In case of Related Party Transactions (RPTs) as defined and identified under the RPT Policy of the Company - The
Audit Committee or the Board or the shareholders upon the Board's recommendation, as the case may be, shall
approve the RPTs as and when they are entered into only after ensuring compliance with the RPT Policy of the
Company.
d. The Directors and Senior Management Personnel should be scrupulous in avoiding "conflicts of interest" with the
Company. In case there is likely to be a conflict of interest, he/she should make full disclosure of facts and circumstances
to the Board of Directors or any committee/officer nominated for the purpose by the Board and a prior approval should
be obtained.
PRINCIPLE 2: Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe.
Essential Indicators
1. Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the
environmental and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the
company, respectively.
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 Details of improvements in environmental and social impacts
R&D 88.03% 96.93% Reduction of greenhouse gas emission into the environment.
Developing products to enhance overall human wellbeing.
New Technologies and Products.
Capex 32.03% 14.70% Controlling particulate matter dispersion.
Reduction in consumption of steam, power and natural resources such as water, fossil fuel etc.
2. a. Does the company have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing?
Yes. The Company follows an Integrated Management System Policy with a strong emphasis on environmental and
social considerations, focusing on maximizing the use of sustainable raw materials and promoting energy conservation.
The Company utilizes molasses, a sugar plant residue/waste and damaged/broken rice as major raw materials for its
distillery operations, both of which are 100% bio-based material. The Company uses Bio-based raw materials and
Ethanol is one such key raw material, whereas in conventional process Petro route is used for production of Ethylene
Oxide (EO)/ Mono Ethylene Glycol (MEG) and others, throughout the globe. For its Ennature Biopharma business,
various herbal raw material are either cultivated (through farm contracting) or sourced in the sustainable manner.
[[page 84]]
75
Further, the Company uses waste-based ethanol as a primary input for manufacturing key products such as glycols,
ethylene oxide and other specialty chemicals. Responsible sourcing, along with the properties and performance of
these materials, contributes significantly to reducing environmental impact by lowering carbon emissions and minimizing
the use of earth's limited resources.
The Company's sustainable solutions are based on number of defined action plans and standards based on Life Cycle
Assessment ("LCA") methodologies. It's sustainable solutions for responsible sourcing of raw materials enables
customers to confidently choose high-performance materials that advance their environmental and business goals.
b. If yes, what percentage of your inputs was sourced sustainably?
Depending on the type and quantity of raw materials used, approximately 90% of inputs are sustainable. The percentage
varies from plant to plant.
3. Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of
life, for (a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) other waste.
The Company adheres to all applicable processes prescribed by regulatory authorities. The Company is registered under
the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) regime in accordance with the Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016, and
has entered into agreements with authorized vendors for the collection of plastic waste. Further, the Company supplies its
products through various packaging modes, including barrels, flexi-bags, ISO tanks and PET bottles. Flexi-bags are primarily
used for bulk transportation based on customer requirements and are largely recyclable, making them environmentally
safe. Additionally, hazardous waste is disposed of through authorized recyclers.
4. Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity's activities (Yes / No). If yes, whether
the waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution
Control Boards? If not, provide steps taken to address the same.
Yes, the waste collection plan is aligned with the EPR plan submitted to the Central Pollution Control Board.
Leadership Indicators
1. Has the company conducted Life Cycle Perspective/Assessments ("LCA") for any of its products for (manufacturing
industries) or for its services (for services industry)? if Yes, provide details in the following format?
NIC Name of Product /Service % of total Boundary for which *Whether conducted Results communicated
Code Turnover the Life Cycle by independent external in public domain
contributed Perspective/Assessment agency (Yes/No) (Yes/No) If yes,
was conducted provide the web-link.
20119 Ethanol 13.21% Cradle to Gate No No
20119 Monoethylen Glycol ("MEG") 3.27% Cradle to Gate No No
20119 Ethylene Oxide ("EO") 3.82% Cradle to Gate No No
20119 Diethylene Glycol ("DEG") 0.22% Cradle to Gate No No
20119 Monoethylene Glycol Ethyl Ether ("MEGEE") 0.99% Cradle to Gate No No
20119 Diethylene Glycol Ethyl Ether ("DEGEE") 0.42% Cradle to Gate No No
*These LCA studies are conducted and updated inhouse periodically for our various products in addition to the listed above, thr ough licensed LCA
software – SIMA PRO and as per the customers requirement.
2. If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of
your products / services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other
means, briefly describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same.
Name of Product / Service Description of the risk / concern Action Taken
Products are listed in Point 1 above. Risk of emissions pertaining to energy source. Usage of more renewable energy.
3. Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing
industry) or providing services (for service industry).
The Company complies with applicable processes as prescribed by regulatory authorities from time to time and continues
to promote the recycling and reuse of materials, thereby supporting the conservation of natural resources.
4. Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled,
and safely disposed, as per the following format:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Re-Used Recycled Safely Re-Used Recycled Safely
Disposed Disposed
Plastics (including packaging) 0 0 7837.00 0 0 5,350.00
E-waste 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hazardous waste 0 0 0 0 0 0
Other waste 0 0 0 0 0 0
[[page 85]]
76
5. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category.
Indicate product category Reclaimed products and their packaging materials as % of total products sold in
respective category
Nil Nil
PRINCIPLE 3: Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value
chains.
Essential Indicators
1. a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
Category % of employees covered by
Total (A) Health insurance Accident insurance Maternity benefits Paternity Benefits Day Care facilities
Number % (B / A) Number % (C / A) Number % (D / A) Number % (E / A) Number % (F / A)
(B) (C) (D) (E) (F)
Permanent employees
Male 907 907 100.00% 907 100.00% NA NA 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
Female 38 38 100.00% 38 100.00% 38 100.00% NA NA 0 0.00%
Total 945 945 100.00% 945 100.00% 38 *100.00% 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
Other than Permanent employees
Male 327 327 100.00% 327 100.00% NA NA 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
Female 11 11 100.00% 11 100.00% 11 100.00% NA NA 0 0.00%
Total 338 338 100.00% 338 100.00% 11 *100.00% 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
*Considered only female employees.
b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
Category % of employees covered by
Total (A) Health insurance Accident insurance Maternity benefits Paternity Benefits Day Care facilities
Number % (B / A) Number % (C / A) Number % (D / A) Number % (E / A) Number % (F / A)
(B) (C) (D) (E) (F)
Permanent workers
Male 455 455 100.00% 455 100.00% NA NA 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
Female 0 0 0.00% 0 0.00% 0 0.00% NA NA 0 0.00%
Total 455 455 100.00% 455 100.00% 0 0.00% 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
Other than Permanent workers
Male 2,054 2,054 100.00% 2,054 100.00% NA NA 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
Female 159 159 100.00% 159 100.00% 159 100.00% NA NA 0 0.00%
Total 2,213 2,213 100.00% 2,213 100.00% 159 *100.00% 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
*Considered only female employees.
c. Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than
permanent) in the following format -
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Cost incurred on well-being measures as a % of total revenue of the company 0.02% 0.01%
2. Details of retirement benefits, for Current Financial Year and Previous Financial Year.
Benefits FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
No. of No. of Deducted No. of No. of Deducted
employees workers and employees workers and
covered as covered as deposited covered as covered as deposited
a % of total a % of total with the a % of total a % of total with the
employees workers authority employees workers authority
(Y/N/N.A.) (Y/N/N.A.)
PF 100% 100% Y 100% 100% Y
Gratuity 100% 100% Y 100% 100% Y
ESI 3% 6% Y 6% 7% Y
Others - please specify Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
[[page 86]]
77
Yes. Concerned person(s) can report their concerns, grievances, or complaints to their immediate
manager or the concerned HR manager.
3. Accessibility of workplaces
Are the premises / offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per the
requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken by the
entity in this regard.
Necessary arrangements, as applicable, have been implemented in compliance with the Rights of Persons with Disabilities
Act, 2016.
4. Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so,
provide a web-link to the policy.
Yes, the Company is firmly committed to provide equal opportunities and fostering an inclusive work environment where
every employee is treated with dignity and respect. This commitment is formally articulated in the Company's Policy on
Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination. The policy is accessible to all employees through the Company's intranet
portal.
5. Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
Gender Permanent employees Permanent workers
Return to Retention Return to Retention
work rate rate work rate rate
Male NA NA NA NA
Female 100% 66.67% NA NA
Total 100% 66.67% NA NA
No Worker has taken parental leave.
6. Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and
worker? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
Yes/No (If Yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent Workers
Other than Permanent Workers
Permanent Employees
Other than Permanent Employees
7. Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognised by the listed entity:
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total No. of employees/ % (B / A) Total No. of employees/ % (D / C)
employees/ workers in respective employees / workers in respective
workers in category, who are workers in category, who are
respective part of association(s) respective part of association(s)
category(A) or Union (B) category(C) or Union (D)
Total Permanent 945 0 0% 916 0 0%
Employees
Male 907 0 0% 882 0 0%
Female 38 0 0% 34 0 0%
Total Permanent 455 0 0% 441 0 0%
Workers
Male 455 0 0% 441 0 0%
Female 0 0 0% 0 0 0%
8. Details of training given to employees and workers:
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (A) On Health and On Skill Total (D) On Health and On Skill
safety measures upgradation safety measures upgradation
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A) No. (E) % (E / D) No. (F) % (F / D)
Employees
Male 1,234 580 47.00% 693 56.16% 1,182 430 36.38% 528 44.67%
Female 49 33 67.35% 39 79.59% 44 25 56.82% 30 68.18%
Total 1,283 613 47.78% 732 57.05% 1,226 455 37.11% 558 45.51%
Workers
Male 2,509 808 32.20% 780 31.09% 2,537 644 25.38% 518 20.42%
Female 159 23 14.47% 23 14.47% 229 17 7.42% 17 7.42%
Total 2,668 831 31.15% 803 30.10% 2,766 661 23.90% 535 19.34%
[[page 87]]
78
9. Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and worker:
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (A) No. (B) % (B/A) Total (C) No. (D) % (D/C)
Employees
Male 1,234 919 74.47% 1,182 862 72.93%
Female 49 39 79.59% 44 30 68.18%
Total 1,283 958 74.67% 1,226 892 72.76%
Workers
Male 2,509 515 20.53% 2,537 471 18.57%
Female 159 1 0.63% 229 1 0.44%
Total 2,668 516 19.34% 2,766 472 17.06%
10. Health and Safety management system:
a. Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Yes/
No). If yes, the coverage such system?
Yes. The Company has a matured system for Occupational Health and Safety Management System ("OHSMS") and
is certified under (ISO 45001:2018), with systems in place for several decades. The Company is also progressing
towards the implementation of Process Safety Management ("PSM") along with RC across the organization to ensure
a structured and high level of process safety. This involves strengthening key elements to safeguard employees, the
environment, and physical assets in the event of any unforeseen process deviations. All new projects and major
modifications are evaluated through PSM frameworks, including Hazard and Operability Study ("HAZOP"), Quantitative
Risk Assessment ("QRA"), Dust Hazard Analysis ("DHA"), Hazardous Area Classification ("HAC"), Management of
Change ("MOC"), and Pre-Startup Safety Review ("PSSR").
b. What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine
basis by the entity?
The Company involves field-level workers, operations teams, supervisors, shift-in-charges, and the management
team in conducting Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment for all routine and non-routine activities, in accordance
with OHSMS guidelines. A risk matrix is applied based on the severity of the hazard (impact) and the likelihood
(probability) of occurrence to determine the level of risk. Based on this assessment, appropriate control measures are
implemented in line with the hierarchy of controls, following the sequence of elimination, substitution, engineering
controls, administrative controls, and use of personal protective equipment (PPE).
c. Whether you have processes for workers to report the work-related hazards and to remove themselves from
such risks. (Y/N)
Yes, they may report in accordance with the defined SOPs and are fully empowered to disengage from such risks.
d. Do the employees/worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services?
(Yes/ No)
Yes, all employees are covered under the health insurance scheme, ESI scheme or through Company tie-ups with
hospitals.
11. Details of safety related incidents, in the following format:
Safety Incident/Number Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per one million-person hours worked) Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
Total recordable work-related injuries Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
No. of fatalities Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
High consequence work-related injury or ill health (excluding fatalities) Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
[[page 88]]
79
12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy workplace.
The Company is committed to providing a high standard of workplace safety and a secure working environment. The
Company is certified under ISO 45001:2018 for Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems (OSHMS). All
requisite passive and active protection systems are in place, with a continued focus on ongoing improvement. Regular
monitoring of air quality and drinking water is undertaken. A robust system for reporting incidents, accidents, and near
misses is implemented across all units. Health, welfare, and safety measures are ensured in compliance with the applicable
provisions of the Factories Act and relevant Rules.
Additionally, the following measures are in place: -
• Safety Committee meetings are conducted quarterly.
• Works committee meetings are conducted quarterly.
• Social Performance team meetings are conducted periodically.
• Employees and workers actively participate in various engagement programs.
• Systems are in place to identify and mitigate hazards.
• Regular training on safe work practices is conducted.
• Standard Operating Procedures are well documented.
• Maintaining conducive environment for safety in general with the participation of all.
13. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Filed during Pending Remarks Filed during Pending Remarks
the year resolution at the year resolution at
the end of year the end of year
Working Conditions 0 0 - 0 0 -
Health & Safety 0 0 - 0 0 -
14. Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory authorities or
third parties)
Health and safety practices 100%
Working Conditions 100%
15. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on
significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health & safety practices and working conditions.
1. Occupational Hazard & Risk Assessment - The Company operates various rotating, static, cryogenic and pressurised
equipment, which may pose occupational health and safety risks. Additionally, the handling of hazardous chemicals
and hydrocarbons, along with the use of pressurised systems on-site, may present potential risks such as leakage,
spillage, fire, exposure and other related incidents.
Mitigation Measures:  Periodic hazard identification and risk assessments are conducted for facilities and process-
related activities. Based on the level of risk identified, appropriate control measures are determined and implemented
in accordance with the hierarchy of controls prescribed under OSHA guidelines, including elimination, substitution,
engineering controls, administrative controls and the use of personal protective equipment (PPE).
2. Process Hazard & Associated Risk-  Given that the chemical plant handles diverse process hazards and hazardous
chemicals, there exists a potential risk of fire, explosion and toxic release. While such incidents are typically low in
frequency, they may result in severe and catastrophic consequences.
Mitigation Measures:  The Company has established a disciplined management system framework to ensure the
integrity of operating systems and processes involving hazardous substances, with the objective of preventing unplanned
releases of hazardous materials or energy that could lead to structural failure, loss of stability or major incidents.
A robust mechanism for employee participation is in place, along with comprehensive process information to facilitate
understanding of the hazards associated with plant operations. Well-defined operating procedures, as well as structured
processes and safety training programmes, have been implemented.
[[page 89]]
80
The Company undertakes systematic risk assessments through tools such as Hazard and Operability Study (HAZOP),
Quantitative Risk Assessment (QRA), Management of Change (MOC) and Pre-Startup Safety Review (PSSR) for
new projects and modifications, taking into account the associated risks. All activities within the plant premises are
executed strictly under a defined safety work permit system.
Further, a structured process is in place to manage changes through MOC and to investigate incidents for identifying
corrective and preventive actions. The Company has also developed an on-site emergency response plan and conducts
periodic mock drills to ensure preparedness for handling emergencies.
Leadership Indicators
1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of (A) Employees (Y/
N) (B) Workers (Y/N). -
Employees: Yes.
Workers: Yes.
2. Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited
by the value chain partners.
The Company monitors and tracks statutory dues and its compliances applicable on the value chain partners on monthly
basis.
3. Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work-related injury / ill-health /
fatalities (as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been are rehabilitated and placed in suitable
employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment:
Total no. of affected No. of employees/workers that are
employees/ workers rehabilitated and placed in suitable
employment or whose family members
have been placed in suitable
employment
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Employees 0 0 0 0
Workers 0 0 0 0
4. Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the management
of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes/ No)
The Company does not have a formal transition support program; however, assistance is provided based on individual
circumstances.
5. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were
assessed
Health and safety practices 2%
Working Conditions 2%
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from
assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.
No such risk/concern recorded during FY 2025-26.
PRINCIPLE 4: Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.
The Company identifies and engages with various stakeholders to understand and address their expectations and to seek
guidance in developing its strategies. Key internal and external stakeholder groups are identified based on their direct
impact on the Company's operations and functioning.
The Company also follows High Level Structure ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015, ISO 45001:2018 and ISO 50001:2018
as a standard procedure for stakeholder identification.
[[page 90]]
81
2. List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder
group.
Stakeholder Whether Channels of communication (E-mail, SMS, Frequency of Purpose and scope of engagement
Group identified as Newspaper, Pamphlets, Advertisement, engagement including key topics and concerns
Vulnerable & Community Meetings, Notice Board, (Annually/ Half raised during such engagement
Marginalized Website), Other yearly/ Quarterly/
Group others - please
(Yes/No) specify)
Investors and No Quarterly /
Shareholders Need Based.
Employees No Ongoing /
Need Based
Local No Ongoing
Communities
Customers No Ongoing
Government No Ongoing
Suppliers No Ongoing
Leadership Indicators
1. Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and
social topics or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.
The concerned departments maintain regular engagement with the aforementioned stakeholders and provide updates as
appropriate.
2. Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental, and
social topics (Yes / No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on
these topics were incorporated into policies and activities of the entity.
Yes. Based on the inputs received, relevant SOPs, policies and procedures are reviewed and aligned through the
Management Review Meeting (MRM).
3. Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable/
marginalized stakeholder groups.
The Company is committed to addressing the evolving needs of the communities in which it operates. It undertakes
periodic assessments to identify such needs and addresses them through its CSR initiatives, implemented in collaboration
with local NGOs.
• Developing a long-term communication
route with our investors.
• Educate the investor on Company's
performance and business strategy for the
long term.
• Understanding shareholders expectations.
• Employees wellbeing,
• Career Management and growth
prospects.
• Learning Opportunity
• Improving Diversity
• Health & safety etc.
• Upliftment of societies, Health, education,
drinking water, skill development,
sanitation, Livelihood opportunities etc.
• Customer Satisfaction
• Product quality and availability
• Customer Health and Safety
• Responsiveness to needs, Innovative
Products.
• Responsible guidelines / manufacturing
• Safety awareness.
• Compliance requirement
• Participation / representation in various
industry meets
• Proactive engagements.
• Suppliers Assessment
• Safety and Sustainability
• Fair and long-term business relations
• Value creation
• Quality and timely delivery and availability
E-mails, Meetings (in person/virtual), Letters,
Annual General Meeting, Quarterly earning calls,
Newspaper Publication and Investor presentation
conferences as well as regular disclosures to Stock
Exchange & updates on website of the Company.
Regular Employee engagement, Annual
Performance Appraisal, E-mails, Meetings, Notices,
wellness initiatives, intranet, websites, circulars,
Safety Committee, Works Committee, Canteen
Committee, Social Performance Team meetings,
In-house Magazine etc.
Meetings, Partnership with NGO's.
Regular meetings, Website, e-mails,
Advertisements, trade body memberships,
complaints' management etc.
Working with local / state / national government
bodies, authorities and different industry bodies etc.
E-mails, Meetings, plant visits, Supplier Survey etc.
[[page 91]]
82
PRINCIPLE 5 Businesses should respect and promote human rights.
Essential Indicators
1. Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity, in
the following format:
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (A) No. of employees/ % (B/A) Total C No. of employees/ % (D/C)
workers covered(B) workers covered(D)
Employees
Permanent 945 216 23% 916 91 10%
Other than permanent 338 42 12% 310 10 3%
Total Employees 1,283 258 20% 1,226 101 8%
Workers
Permanent 455 15 3% 441 16 4%
Other than permanent 2,213 25 1% 2,325 61 3%
Total Workers 2,668 40 1% 2,766 77 3%
2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (A) Equal to More than Total (D) Equal to More than
Minimum Wage Minimum Wage Minimum Wage Minimum Wage
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A) No. (E) % (E / D) No. (F) % (F / D)
Employees
Permanent
Male 907 0 0.00% 907 100.00% 882 0 0.00% 882 100%
Female 38 0 0.00% 38 100.00% 34 0 0.00% 34 100%
Other than Permanent
Male 327 0 0.00% 327 100.00% 300 0 0.00% 300 100%
Female 11 0 0.00% 11 100.00% 10 0 0.00% 10 100%
Workers
Permanent
Male 455 0 0.00% 455 100.00% 441 0 0.00% 441 100%
Female 0 0 0.00% 0 0.00% 0 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
Other than Permanent
Male 2054 543 26.44% 1511 73.56% 2096 528 25.19% 1,568 74.81%
Female 159 23 14.47% 136 85.53% 229 17 7.42% 212 92.58%
Note: The Company has revised the compensation structure as per new wage code, w.e.f. 1 st April, 2026, and also working on complying the other labour
codes in accordance with applicable guidelines.
3. Details of remuneration/salary/wages
a. Median remuneration / wages:
Male Female
Number Median remuneration/ Number Median remuneration/
salary / wages of salary / wages of
respective category respective category
Board of Directors (BoD) 2 10,79,83,485 1 8,52,15,742
Key Management Personnel* 3 1,19,77,322 0 NA
Employees other than BoD and KMP# 770 6,24,558 32 6,25,780
Workers# 387 4,50,161 0 NA
* Key Management Personnel comprise other than Executive Directors.
# Comprises those employees and workers who have served for the full year only.
b. Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages 8.24% 7.38%
[[page 92]]
83
4. Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues
caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes/No)
Yes. The Company has constituted the requisite statutory and regulatory committees in compliance with applicable laws
and regulations. It has also adopted a Code of Conduct and an Ethics Policy that define employee responsibilities and
standards of acceptable conduct. In addition, the Company promotes an open-door culture to facilitate the prompt reporting
and resolution of any human rights concerns.
5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
• Employees are encouraged to raise any human rights concerns with their Supervisors/Managers through multiple
channels, including email, personal interaction, written communication and observations reported by other employees.
• Supervisors/Managers shall escalate such grievances to the concerned Site HR and the management team.
• Site HR shall evaluate the grievance, provide updates to management and take appropriate action in alignment with
management's approval.
• Site HR shall monitor the progress of the matter, provide periodic updates to management and, where necessary,
seek support from relevant authorities.
• Upon satisfactory resolution, the outcome shall be communicated to the concerned employee(s).
6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Filed during Pending Remarks Filed during Pending Remarks
the year resolution at the year resolution at
the end of year the end of year
Sexual Harassment 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Discrimination at workplace 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Child Labour 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
Forced Labour / Involuntary Labour 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
W a g e s 0 0N A 0 0N A
Other human rights related issues 0 0 NA 0 0 NA
7. Complaint filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)
Act, 2013, in the following format:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment on of Women at 0 0
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH)
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees/workers 0 0
Complaints on POSH upheld 00
8. Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.
The Company is committed to maintaining a workplace free from harassment, including sexual harassment, and enforces
a strict zero-tolerance policy towards such misconduct. It encourages the reporting of any instances of harassment and
ensures that all complaints relating to harassment or any form of unwelcome or offensive behaviour are addressed promptly.
The Grievance Redressal Process and POSH Policy are designed with robust safeguards to protect complainants, while
ensuring due process and preventing victimisation. The Company strictly prohibits retaliation against any employee who
raises a bona fide grievance and, at the same time, ensures that the rights of the accused are duly protected.
9. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)
Yes. The Company promotes and upholds human rights principles in both letter and spirit while entering into agreements
and contracts.
10. Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory authorities or
third parties)
Child labour 100%
Forced/Involuntary labour 100%
Sexual harassment 100%
Discrimination at workplace 100%
Wages 100%
Others - please specify -
[[page 93]]
84
11. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from
the assessments at Question 10 above.
Nil.
Leadership Indicators
1. Details of a business process being modified / introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances/
complaints.
The Company has established a grievance redressal mechanism that has been communicated to all employees and
relevant stakeholders, including third-party resources, contractors, vendors and suppliers. The mechanism is also
incorporated into the Company's agreements and contracts.
No complaints have been reported to date. Nevertheless, the Company's business processes are continually aligned, to
the extent possible, to effectively address any human rights-related grievances or concerns.
2. Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due-diligence conducted.
The Company ensures compliance through periodic assessments across Human Resources, Occupational Health & Safety,
Environment and Business Integrity. It also undertakes verification through independent auditors to confirm that its business
operations adhere to applicable social and environmental standards, as set out in its Business Principles and relevant local
laws.
3. Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of
Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?
Yes. The Company has made the necessary arrangements in compliance with the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act,
2016. Its establishments are accessible to persons with disabilities and continuous efforts are undertaken to enhance
infrastructure and remove barriers to accessibility.
4. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
The Company is committed to continuously enhancing awareness among its supply chain partners to ensure compliance
with applicable labour and employment laws and regulations, including those relating to gender diversity, human rights,
child labour, wages, working hours, anti-bribery and corruption, as well as occupational health, safety and environmental
standards. This is achieved through structured training programmes and periodic self-assessments.
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were
assessed*
Sexual Harassment 2%
Discrimination at workplace 2%
Child Labour 2%
Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour 2%
Wages 2%
Others - please specify 2%
5. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from
the assessments at Question 4 above.
There were no significant risks / concerns arising from the assessment of value chain partners.
PRINCIPLE 6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment.
Essential Indicators
1. Details of total energy consumption (in Giga Joules) and energy intensity, in the following format:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
From renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (A) 00
Total fuel consumption (B) 19,47,001 23,83,724
Energy consumption through other sources (C) 0 0
Total energy consumed from renewable sources (A+B+C) 19,47,001 23,83,724
From non-renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (D) 5,28,507 5,13,194
[[page 94]]
85
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total fuel consumption (E) 81,91,119 75,20,451
Energy consumption through other sources (F) 0 0
Total energy consumed from non- renewable sources (D+E+F) 87,19,626 80,33,645
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F) 1,06,66,627 1,04,17,369
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover 0.000108553 0.000115264
(Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations)
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) 0.00221448 0.002328337
(Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
Energy intensity in terms of physical output 19.74 22.85
Energy intensity (optional) - the relevant metric may be selected by the entity -- --
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, na me of the external
agency.
Yes. the Company at its Kashipur Plant have Energy Management System (ISO 50001:2018) in place and Energy consumption, energy p erformance
monitoring is being done. Third party audit of ISO 50001:2018 (Energy Management System) is done by certification company (M/s DNV).
2. Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve
and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT
scheme have been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any.
No
3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water 00
(ii) Ground water 24,02,918 24,09,847
(iii) Third party water 3,501 3,432
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water 00
(v) Others 00
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) (i + ii + iii + iv + v) 24,06,419 24,13,279
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) 24,06,419 24,13,279
Water intensity per rupee of turnover 0.00002449 0.00002666
(Total water consumption / Revenue from operations)
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) 0.000499592 0.000538614
(Total water consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
Water intensity in terms of physical output 4.453 5.292
Water intensity (optional)  - the relevant metric may be selected by the entity - -
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, na me of the external
agency.-
Yes, Central Ground Water Authority, Ministry of Jal Shakti, Government of India.
4. Provide the following details related to water discharged:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) To Surface water
-  No treatment 00
-  With treatment - Tertiary treatment 1,35,461 1,57,018
(ii) To Groundwater
-  No treatment 00
-  With treatment - please specify level of treatment 0 0
(iii) To Seawater
-  No treatment 00
-  With treatment - please specify level of treatment 0 0
(iv) Sent to third parties
-  No treatment 00
-  With treatment - please specify level of treatment 0 0
[[page 95]]
86
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
(v) Others
-  No treatment 00
-  With treatment - please specify level of treatment 0 0
Total water discharged (in kilolitres) 1,35,461 1,57,018
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, na me of the external
agency.
No.
5. Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and
implementation.
Yes, the Company has implemented a Zero Liquid Discharge (ZLD) mechanism at Kashipur (Ethanol unit), Gorakhpur and
Dehradun plants. Additionally, an Effluent Treatment Plant (ETP) is operational at the Chemical Unit of the Kashipur plant.
6. Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter Unit FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
NOx Kg 3,63,934 5,47,785
SOxKg 3,69,033 4,78,167
Particulate matter (PM) Kg 3,85,545 3,13,979
Persistent organic pollutants (POP) Kg 0 0
Volatile organic compounds (VOC) Kg 0 0
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP) Kg 0 0
Others - please specify
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, na me of the external
agency.
No.
7. Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity, in the following
format:
Parameter Unit FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total Scope 1 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, Metric tonnes of 14,60,483 6,52,661
N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available) CO2 equivalent
Total Scope 2 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, Metric tonnes of 1,04,311 1,15,197
N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available) CO2 equivalent
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions intensity per rupee of Metric tonnes of 0.00001592 0.00000852
turnover (Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / CO2 equivalent per
Revenue from operations) rupee of turnover
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee of 0.00032480 0.00017215
turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue
from operations adjusted for PPP)
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms of 2.90 1.689
physical output
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity  (optional) - the - -
relevant metric may be selected by the entity
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, na me of the external
agency.
No
8. Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If Yes, then provide details.
Sr. No. Project Name MT CO2eq Emission Reduction
1 Upgradation of the combustion air system to enhance Slop boiler efficiency 810
2 Power saving in Slop-1 SA fan by VFD for air flow regulation through RPM control 92
3 Power saving in CVL 30T boiler by bypassing of MDC 61
4 Replacement of the MNC-1 motor from 200 kW to 110 kW @ 900NM3/hr nitrogen 153
5 Process Cooling Tower fan Replacement 39
[[page 96]]
87
9. Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total Waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A) 7,837.00 5,350
E-waste (B) 0.00 3.4
Bio-medical waste (C) 0.92 0.93
Construction and demolition waste (D) 0.00 0
Battery waste (E) 3.17 4.69
Radioactive waste (F) 0.00 0
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G) 225.34 222.50
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any. 1,45,171.23 1,93,580
(Break-up by composition i.e. by materials relevant to the sector)
Total (A + B + C + D + E + F + G + H) 1,53,237.66 1,99,161.53
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover 0.000001559 0.000002204
(Total waste generated/ Revenue from operations)
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) 0.000031813 0.000044514
(Total waste generated / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
Waste intensity in terms of physical output 0.284 0.437
Waste intensity (optional) - the relevant metric may be selected by the entity - -
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations (in
metric tonnes)
Category of waste
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
(i) Recycled 00
(ii) Re-used 00
(iii) Other recovery operations 00
Total 00
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
(i) Incineration 00
(ii) Landfilling 00
(iii) Other disposal operations 2,05,513 1,99,162
Total 2,05,513 1,99,162
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, na me of the external
agency.
Yes. Rian Enviro Private Limited.
10. Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy adopted
by your Company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the
practices adopted to manage such wastes.
India Glycols Limited is an ISO 14001:2015 certified organization committed to responsible waste management and
environmental compliance. The Company manages both hazardous and non-hazardous waste in accordance with applicable
regulatory requirements and prescribed environmental guidelines. All waste streams are segregated at source, stored in
designated areas, and monitored through systematic waste disposal records maintained as per statutory norms.
Hazardous waste is handled, stored, transported, and disposed of with due care in compliance with the Hazardous Waste
Management Rules, and is routed only through CPCB-authorized waste collection and disposal agencies.
Non-hazardous waste is disposed of through authorized vendors and agencies approved by the Pollution Control Board.
Plastic waste is managed in line with Plastic Waste Management Rules, including compliance with Extended Producer
Responsibility (EPR) requirements. The Company continues to strengthen its waste management practices to minimize
environmental impact and promote sustainable operations.
[[page 97]]
88
11. If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife
sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where
environmental approvals / clearances are required, please specify details in the following format:
S. Location of Type of Whether the conditions of environmental approval/clearance are being complied
No. operations/offices operations with? (Y/N) If no, the reasons thereof and corrective action taken, if any.
Not Applicable
12. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in
the current financial year:
Name and brief EIA Date Whether conducted Results Relevant
details of project Notification by independent communicated Web link
No. external agency in public domain
(Yes / No) (Yes / No)
Nil
13. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/regulations/guidelines in India; such as the Water
(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, and Environment protection
act and rules thereunder (Y/N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances, in the following format:
Yes
S. Specify the law / regulation / Provide details of Any fines / penalties / action taken Corrective
No. guidelines which was not the non-compliance by regulatory agencies such as action taken,
complied with pollution control boards or by courts if any
Not Applicable
Leadership Indicators
1. Water withdrawal, consumption, and discharge in areas of water stress (in kiloliters):  As per assessment report
released by Central Ground Water Authority (CGWA) in 2023, none of the Company's plant is located in the water stress
area. Thus, the disclosure is not applicable.
For each facility / plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information:
(i) Name of the area:  Not Applicable
(ii) Nature of operations:  Not Applicable
(iii) Water withdrawal, consumption, and discharge in the following format:  Not Applicable
3. With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 11 of Essential Indicators above, provide
details of significant direct & indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention and
remediation activities.
Not applicable
4. If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource
efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions / effluent discharge / waste generated, please provide details of the
same as well as outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format:
Sr. No. Initiative undertaken Outcome of the initiative
(MT CO2eq Emission Reduction)
1 Upgradation of the combustion air system to enhance Slop boiler efficiency 810
2 Power saving in Slop-1 SA fan by VFD for air flow regulation through RPM control 92
3 Power saving in CVL 30T boiler by bypassing of MDC 61
4 Replacement of the MNC-1 motor from 200 kW to 110 kW @ 900NM3/hr nitrogen 153
5 Process Cooling Tower fan Replacement 39
[[page 98]]
89
5. Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in 100 words/ web link.
Yes, Disaster/ On-site Management Plan is in place. The objective of this on-site Emergency plan is to meet the requirements
of statutory provisions and to formulate the procedures and to provide an organizational set up for taking fast and effective
actions in order to-
i) Contain and bring the incident under control within the shortest possible time.
ii) Protect plant personnel inside and public outside the plant
iii) Minimize damage to property and environment
iv) Effect rescue and treatment of the casualties
v) Ensure rapid return to normal operation after control of the emergency
vi) Reserve relevant record and equipment for subsequent enquiry into the cases and circumstances leading to emergency;
and
vii) Provide authoritative information to the news media in case of necessity.
PRINCIPLE 7: Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that
is responsible and transparent.
Essential Indicators
1. a. Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/ associations.
The Company has affiliations with 11 trade and industry chambers/associations.
b. List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such
body) the entity is a member of/ affiliated to.
Sr. Name of the trade and industry chambers/ associations Reach of trade and industry chambers/
No. associations (State/National)
1 Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce & Industry ("FICCI") National
2 PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry National
3 Federation of Indian Export Organization ("FIEO") National
4 National Safety Council ("NSC") National
5 Cosmetics and Dyes Export Promotion Council ("CHEMEXCIL") National
6 Shellac and Forest Products Export Promotion Council (“SHEFEXIL”) National
7 Indian Chemical Council (“ICC”) National
8 All India Distillery Association ("AIDA") National
9 Kumaun Garhwal Chamber of Commerce & Industries (“KGCCI”) State
10 Center for Chemical Process Safety (“CCPS”) National
2. Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by the
entity, based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.
Name of authority Brief of the case Corrective action taken
Not applicable
The Company is not engaged in any anti-competitive conduct.
Leadership Indicators
1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity:
S. Public policy advocated Method resorted Whether information Frequency of Review by Board Web Link,
No. for such advocacy available in public (Annually/ Half yearly/Quarterly / if available
domain? (Yes/No) Others - please specify)
1. No As needed NoBeing member of various trade
associations and industry bodies, the
Company regularly interacts and
initiates various discussions at the
platform of these Associations /
Chambers / Industry bodies.
The Company does not promote/ practice
lobbying on a particular matter and
discuss / raise the issue in a transparent
manner related to environment, economic/
sector reforms, governance,
administration etc.
[[page 99]]
90
PRINCIPLE 8 Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development.
Essential Indicators
1. Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the
current financial year.
Name and brief SIA Date of Whether conducted by Results communicated Relevant
details of project Notification notificatio n independent external in public domain Web link
No. agency (Yes / No) (Yes / No)
Not applicable
2. Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken
by your entity, in the following format:
S. Name of Project State District No. of  Project % of PAFs Amounts paid to
No. for which R&R Affected Families covered by R&R PAFs in the FY
is ongoing (PAFs) (In INR)
Not applicable
3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community
Community grievances may be reported through the contact details displayed at the premises gate or available on the
Company's website. Additionally, such grievances are captured during interactions with the community as part of CSR
activities.
4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers 7.70% 4.47%
Directly from within India 82.73% 78.22%
5. Job creation in smaller towns - Disclose wages paid to persons employed including employees or workers employed
on a permanent or non-permanent / on contract basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage cost
Location FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Rural 00
Semi-Urban 00
Urban 83% 83%
Metropolitan 17% 17%
(Place to be categorized as per RBI Classification System - rural / semi-urban / urban / metropolitan)
Leadership Indicators
1. Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact Assessments
(Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above):
Details of negative social impact identified Corrective action taken
Not applicable
2. Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts
as identified by government bodies:
S. State Aspirational District Amount spent
No. (In INR)
1. Uttarakhand Udham Singh Nagar 2,60,36,148/-
3. (a) Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers comprising
marginalized /vulnerable groups? (Yes/No) -
No, the Company does not have a formal written preferential procurement policy; however, the Company is having proper
internal system for procurement from marginalized / vulnerable groups.
[[page 100]]
91
4. Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity (in the
current financial year), based on traditional knowledge:
Sr. Intellectual Property based on Owned / Acquired Benefits Shared Basis of Calculating
No. Traditional knowledge (IPR) (Yes/No) (Yes /NO) Benefit Share
Nil
5. Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related disputes
wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved.
Name of authority Brief of the Case Corrective action taken
Not applicable
6. Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects:
S. CSR Project No. of persons % of beneficiaries
No. benefitted from from vulnerable
CSR Projects and marginalized
groups
1. Education (Teacher Salary, School Infrastructure, STEM Lab / Smart classes) 4,132 100%
2. Divyang Aid 62 100%
3. Blankets distribution 2,600 100%
4. Sanitation and Safe Drinking Water (Handpump and RO Water Cooler Installation) 6,800 100%
5. Health Care (Medical Camps, Anganwadi renovation and Primary Health Centre) 4,832 100%
6. Skill Development 350 100%
7. Tree Plantation in Schools, College & nearby areas 26,000 100%
8. Pond Cleaning 3,000 100%
9. Disaster Management (Bus Stop shelter, Police Barricade & Reflector, CCTV 3,000 100%
Installation)
10. Sports Events - Sponsorship, Infrastructure and Sports Activities 1,050 100%
11. IIM & RHGPGC College, Kashipur - Infra Structure Support 10,000 100%
12. Rural Development Projects (Drain Cleaning, Community Centre) 9,300 100%
13. FLN project for Grade 1-3 Students 1,06,864 100%
14. FLN project for Primary Teachers 9,715 NA
15. FLN project for academic Resource persons 55 NA
PRINCIPLE 9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner.
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.
The Company is committed to addressing customer complaints with utmost diligence and integrity, adopting a proactive,
transparent and solution-oriented approach. A mechanism is in place for the effective handling and resolution of customer/
consumer grievances, with multiple communication channels available, including email, telephone, feedback forms etc.
For its B2C operations, the Company has implemented a dedicated call centre to efficiently manage and resolve customer
concerns. Additionally, sales executives actively engage with consumers to obtain product feedback, thereby promoting a
culture of continuous improvement and strengthening overall customer satisfaction. Customer complaints are recorded in
the SAP system, thoroughly investigated and resolved in accordance with established procedures A corrective and preventive
action plan is prepared and shared with customers. The Company continuously monitors grievance trends to identify
improvement opportunities and strengthen customer experience.
2. Turnover of products and/services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information
about:
All the products of the Company contain pertinent information as mandated by relevant laws.
As a percentage to total turnover
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product 100%
Safe and responsible usage 100%
Recycling and/or safe disposal 100%
[[page 101]]
92
3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the followings:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Received Pending Remarks Received Pending Remarks
during resolution at during resolution at
the year the end of year the year the end of year
Data privacy 0 0 - 0 0 -
Advertising 0 0 - 0 0 -
Cyber-security 0 0 - 0 0 -
Delivery of essential services 0 0 - 0 0 -
Restrictive Trade Practices 0 0 - 0 0 -
Unfair Trade Practices 0 0 - 0 0 -
Other 0 0 - 0 0 -
4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
Number Reasons for recall
Voluntary recalls 0N A
Forced recalls 0N A
5. Does the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If available,
provide a web-link of the policy.
Yes, the Company has an information security policy in place to safeguard data stored on end-user devices.
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of
essential services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls;
penalty / action taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services.
Nil.
7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
a. Number of instances of data breaches -  Nil
b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers - Nil
c. Impact if any of the data breaches - Nil
Leadership Indicators
1. Channels / platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web link,
if available).
Consumers can access information about the Company's products through its website (www.indiaglycols.com), which also
provides dedicated email addresses to contact the relevant departments.
2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.
The Company promotes safe and responsible usage by appropriately displaying product information on labels in accordance
with applicable standards. It also ensures that all products comply with the requisite regulatory requirements.
3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services.
All relevant stakeholders are informed in advance of scheduled annual maintenance shutdowns. In the event of any
unforeseen supply disruptions, timely communication is provided through appropriate channels.
4. Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws?
(Yes/No/Not Applicable) If yes, provide details in brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer
satisfaction relating to the major products / services of the entity, significant locations of operation of the entity or
the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)
The product information is provided in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements. The Company also undertakes
periodic customer satisfaction surveys for its key products.
[[page 102]]

[[page 103]]
93
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF INDIA GLYCOLS LIMITED
I. Report on the Audit of Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 st March, 2026
1. Opinion
A. We have audited the Standalone Financial
Statements of India Glycols Limited  (“the
Company”), which comprise the Balance Sheet as
at March 31, 2026, and the Statement of Profit and
Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income),
Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement
of Cash Flows for the year then ended, and notes to
financial statements including a summary of the
material accounting policies and other ex planatory
information (hereinafter referred to as “the
Standalone Financial Statements”).
B. In our opinion and to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us, the
aforesaid Standalone Financial Statements give the
information required by the Companies  Act, 2013
(“the  Act”) in  the  manner so  required and give a
true and fair view in conformity with the  accounting
principles generally accepted in India, of the state of
affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2026, and its
Profit, other comprehensive income, cha nges in
equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that
date.
2. Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards
on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the
Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further
described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit
of the Standalone Financial Statements sect ion of our
report. We are independent of the Company in accordance
with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of   Chartered
Accountants   of India (ICAI) together with the independence
requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules
made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and
the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our audit opinion on the Standalone Financial
Statements.
3. Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our
professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the Standalone Financial Statements of the current
period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements as a
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have
determined that there are no key audit matters to be
communicated in our report.
4. Information Other than the Standalone Financial
Statements and Auditor’s Report thereon
A. The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for
the preparation of the other information. The other
information comprises the information included in the
Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s
Report including Annexures to Board’s Report,
Business Responsibility Report, Corporate
Governance and Shareholder’s Information, but does
not include the Standalone Financial Statements and
our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements
does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
B. In connection with our audit of the financial
statements, our responsibility is to r ead the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the
other information is materially inconsistent with the
Standalone Financial Statements or our knowledge
obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise
appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
work we have performed, we conclude that there is
a material misstatement of this other information, we
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.
5. Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged
with Governance for the Standalone Financial
Statements
A. The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for
the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with
respect to the preparation of these Standalone
Financial Statements that give a true and fair view of
the financial position, financial perfo rmance, other
comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash
flows of the Company in accordance with the
accounting principles generally accepted in India
including Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS)
specified under section 133 of company Act.  This
responsibility  also  includes maintenance of adequate
accounting records in accordance with the provisions
of the  Act for safeguarding  the assets of the
Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and
other irregularities; selection and application of
appropriate accounting policies; making judgments
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate
internal financial controls, that were operating
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and
completeness of the accounting records, relevant to
the preparation and presentation of the standalone
financial  statements that give a true and fair view
and are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.
B. In preparing the Standalone Financial Statements,
management is responsible for assessing the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless management either intends to
liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has
no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are responsible for
overseeing the Company’s financial reporting
process.
[[page 104]]
94
6. Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Standalone Financial Statements
A. Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the Standalone Financial Statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fr aud or error, and to issue an
auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a
guarantee that an audit conducted in accor dance
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud
or error and are considered material if, individually or
in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the  basis of these Standalone Financial Statements.
B. As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we
exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We
also:
i) Identify and assess the ri sks of material
misstatement of the standalone financial
statements, whether due to fr aud or error,
design and perform audit procedures responsive
to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than
for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
collusion, forgery, intentional omiss ions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal
control.
ii) Obtain an understanding of internal financial
controls relevant to the audit in order to design
audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances. Under sect ion 143(3)(i) of the
Act, we are also responsible for expressing our
opinion on whether the Company has adequate
internal financial controls system in place and
the operating effectiveness of such controls.
iii) Ev aluate the appropriateness of accounting
policies used and the reas onableness of
accounting estimates and related disclosures
made by management.
iv) Conclude on the appropriateness of
management’s use of the going concern basis
of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists
related to events or c onditions that may cast
significant doubt on the Company’s ability to
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that
a material uncertainty exists, we are required to
draw attention in our auditor’s report to the
related disclosures in the Standalone Financial
Statements or, if such disclosures are
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
conclusions are based on the audit evidence
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
However, future events or conditions may cause
the Company to cease to continue as a going
concern.
v) Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and
content of the Standalone Financial Statements,
including the disclosures, and whether the
Standalone Financial Statements represent the
underlying transactions and events in a manner
that achieves fair presentation.
C. We communicate with those charged with governance
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings,
including any significant deficiencies in internal control
that we identify during our audit.
D. We also provide those charged with governance with
a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to
communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, related
safeguards.
E. From the matters communicated with those charged
with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the Standalone
Financial Statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.
II. Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order,
2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central Government in
terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, we give in
“Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified in
paragraph 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2. (A) As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on
our audit we report that:
a. We have sought and obtained all the information
and explanations which to the best of our
knowledge and belief were necessary for the
purposes of our audit;
b. In our opinion, proper books of acc ount as
required by law have been kept by the Company
so far as it appears from our examination of
those books;
c. The standalone Balance Sheet, the st andalone
Statement of Profit and Loss including Other
Comprehensive Income, the standalone
Statement of Changes in Equity and the
standalone Statement of Cash Flows dealt with
by this Report are in agreement with the relevant
books of account;
d. In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial
statements comply with the Ind AS specified
under Section 133 of the Act.
[[page 105]]
95
e. On the basis of the written representations
received from the directors as on March 31,
2026, taken on record by the Board of Directors,
none of the directors is disqualified as on March
31, 2026, from being appointed as a director in
terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act;
f. With respect to the adequacy of the internal
financial controls over financial reporting of the
Company and the operating effectiv eness of
such controls, refer to our separate Report in
“Annexure B”.
(B) With respect to the other matters to be included in
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in
our opinion and to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us:
i) The Company has disclosed the impact of
pending litigations on its financial position in its
Standalone Financial Statements; Refer note
38(A)(i), 40 and 41 to the standalone financial
statements;
ii) The Company has made provision, as required
under the applicable law or accounting
standards, for mater ial fores eeable losses, if
any, on long-term contracts including derivative
contracts; Refer note 51(B) to the standalone
financial statements;
iii) Ther e has been no delay in transferring amounts
required to be transferred to the Investor
Education and Protection Fund by the Company.
iv) (a) The management has represented that, to
the best of its knowledge and belief, as
disclosed in Note 64(d) to the standalone
financial statements, no funds have been
advanced or loaned or invested (either from
borrowed funds or share premium or any
other sources or kind of funds) by the
Company to or in any other persons or
entities, including foreign entities
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding,
whether recorded in writing or otherwise,
that the Intermediary shall:
• directly or indirectly lend or invest in
other persons or entities identified in
any manner whatsoever (“Ultimate
Beneficiaries”) by or on behalf of the
Company or
• Provide any guarantee, security or the
like to or on behalf of the Ultimate
Beneficiaries.
(b)    The management has represented, that, to
the best of its knowledge and belief, as
disclosed in Note 64(e) to the standalone
financial statements, no funds have been
received by the Company from any persons
or entities, including foreign entities
(“Funding Parties”), with the understanding,
whether recorded in writing or otherwise,
that the Company shall:
• directly or indirectly, lend or invest in
other persons or entities identified in
any manner whatsoever (“Ultimate
Beneficiaries”) by or on behalf of the
Funding Party or
• Provide any guarantee, security or the
like from or on behalf of the Ultimate
Beneficiaries.
(c) Based on such audit procedures as
considered reasonable and appropriate in
the nothing has come to our notice that has
caused us to believe that the
representations under sub-clause (iv) (a)
and (iv) (b) contain any material
misstatement.
v) The final dividend paid by the Company during
the year in respect of the same declared for the
previous year is in accordance with section 123
of the Act to the extent it applies to payment of
dividend.
The interim dividend declared and paid by the
Company during the year is in accordance with
section 123 of the Act.
vi) Based on our examination which included test
checks, the Company has used accounting
software for maintaining its books of account for
the financial year ended March 31, 2026, which
has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log)
facility and the same has operated throughout
the year for all relevant transactions recorded in
the software. Further, during our audit we did not
come across any instance of audit trail feature
being tampered with and the audit trail has been
preserved by the Company as per the statutory
requirements for record retention.
(C) With respect to the other matters to be included in
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the
requirements of section 197(16) of the Act:
In our opinion and to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us, the
remuneration paid by the Company to its directors
during the year is in accordance with the provisions
of section 197 of the Act.
For K. N. GUTGUTIA & CO.
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FRN 304153E
(B. R. GOYAL)
PARTNER
Place: Noida M. NO. 012172
Date : 14.05.2026 UDIN: 26012172NTFRPD5766
[[page 106]]
96
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph II point 1 under “Report on Other Legal
and Regulatory Requirements” section of our report to the
members of India Glycols Limited  of even date)
(i) (a) (A) The Company has maintained proper records
showing full particulars, including quantitative
details and situation of property, plant and
equipment, investment property and relevant details
of right-of-use assets.
(B) The Company has maintained proper records
showing full particulars of Intangible Assets
(b) The property, plant and equipment were physically
verified during the year by the Management in
accordance with a regular programme of verification
which, in our opinion, provides for physical verification
of the property, plant and equipment, investment
Property and right of use assets at reasonable intervals.
According to the information and explanations given to
us, no material discrepancies were noticed on such
verification however, the same has been properly
adjusted in the books of accounts.
(c) As per the record and information and explanations given
to us, we report that, the title deeds for all the immovable
properties of the company (other than properties where
the company is the lessee and the lease agreements
are duly executed in favour of the lessee) are held in the
name of the Company as at the balance sheet date.
(d) According to the information and explanations given to
us and on the basis of our examination of the records of
the Company, the Company has not revalued its
Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right of use
assets) or intangible assets during the year.
(e) According to information and explanations given to us
and on the basis of our examination of the records of
the Company, there are no proceedings initiated or
pending against the Company for holding any benami
property under the Prohibition of Benami Property
Transactions Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
(ii) (a) The inventories, except for goods in transit, were
physically verified during the year by the Management
at reasonable intervals. In our opinion and based on
information and explanations given to us, the coverage
and procedure of such verification by the Management
is appropriate having regard to the size of the Company
and the nature of its operations. In respect of goods in
transit, the goods have been received subsequent to
the year end. No discrepancies of 10% or more in the
aggregate for each class of inventories were noticed on
such physical verification of inventories when compared
with the books of account.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to
us and on the basis of our examination of the records of
the Company, the Company has been sanctioned
working capital limits in excess of five crore rupees, in
aggregate, from banks on the basis of security of current
assets. In our opinion, the quarterly returns or statements
filed by the Company with such banks are in agreement
with the books of account of the Company.
(iii) (a) During the year, the Company has not provided loans,
advances in the nature of loans, stood guarantee or
provided security to companies, firms, Limited Liability
Partnerships or any other parties. Accordingly, the
requirement to report on clause 3(iii)(a) of the Order is
not applicable to the Company.
(b) During the year, the Company has not made
investments, provided guarantees, provided security and
granted loans and advances in the nature of loans to
companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or any
other parties. Accordingly, the requirement to report on
clause 3(iii)(b) of the Order is not applicable to the
Company.
(c) In respect of the Inter Corporate Deposit (ICD) granted
in earlier years to the Company’s wholly owned
subsidiary, the repayment of principal and payment of
interest are stipulated in the agreement and are
recoverable based on / linked to the recovery of
advances by the subsidiary. Accordingly, no amount of
principal or interest was due during the year. Refer Note
43(a) to the standalone financial statements.
(d) In respect of the inter-corporate deposit granted to a
wholly owned subsidiary in an earlier year, no amount
is overdue for more than 90 days as at the balance sheet
date.
(e) The inter-corporate deposit granted to a wholly owned
subsidiary in an earlier year did not fall due during the
year as per the terms of the agreement. Accordingly,
clause 3(iii)(e) of the Order is not applicable.
(f) The Company has not granted any loans or advances
in the nature of loans, either repayable on demand or
without specifying any terms or period of repayment to
companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or any
other parties. Accordingly, the requirement to report on
clause 3(iii)(f) of the Order is not applicable to the
Company.
(iv) There are no loans, investments, guarantees, and security
in respect of which provisions of sections 185 and 186 of the
Companies Act, 2013 are applicable and accordingly, the
requirement to report on clause 3(iv) of the Order is not
applicable to the Company.
(v) According to the information and explanations given to us,
the Company has not accepted any deposits or amounts
which are deemed to be deposits from the public during the
year, Accordingly, paragraph 3 (v) of the Order is not
applicable to the Company.
(vii) The maintenance of cost records has been specified by the
Central Government under section 148(1) of the Companies
Act, 2013. We have broadly reviewed the cost records
maintained by the Company pursuant to the Companies (Cost
Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, as amended prescribed by
the Central Government under sub-section (1) of Section 148
of the Companies Act, 2013, and are of the opinion that, prima
facie, the prescribed cost records have been made and
maintained We have, however, not made a detailed
examination of the cost records with a view to determine
whether they are accurate or complete.
(viii) According to the information and explanations given to us, in
respect of statutory dues:
[[page 107]]
97
(a) The Company has been generally regular in depositing
undisputed statutory dues, including Provident Fund,
Employees’ State Insurance, Income-tax, Sales Tax,
Goods and Service Tax, Customs Duty, Excise Duty,
Value Added Tax, cess and other material statutory dues
applicable to it to the appropriate authorities.
(b) There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect
of Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income-
tax, Sales tax, Service Tax, Goods and Service Tax,
Customs Duty, Excise Duty, Value Added Tax, Cess and
other material statutory dues in arrears as at March 31,
2026 for a period of more than six months from the date
they became payable.
Details of dues of Custom duty, Service Tax, Sales tax and
Excise Duty which have not been deposited as at March 31,
2026, on account of disputes are given below:
Name of Nature of Forum where Period to Amount
the Statute Dues Dispute is which the Involved
pending Amount ( ````` In lakh)
Relates
Customs Customs Uttarakhand High 1992-93 11.42
Act, 1962 Duty Court
Customs Assistant 2004-05, 196.55
Duty Commissioner 2009-10 and
Customs 2015-16
Customs Commissioner 2017-21 7,443.05
Duty of Customs
(Appeal)
Customs Commissioner 2004-05, 763.77
Duty of Customs 2010-11
(Appeal)
Customs Commissioner 2020-24 21.71
Duty of Customs
(Appeal)
Finance Service Assistant 2010-11 to 2.20
Act, 1994 Tax Commissioner 2015-16
LTU - Ahmedabad
Service Assistant 2005-08, 3.27
Tax Commissioner 2008-09
LTU-Kashipur
Service Assistant 2010-11, 4.81
Tax Commissioner 2011-12
LTU-Gorakhpur
Service Superintendent 2015-16 3.51
Tax LTU - Kashipur
Central Cenvat Additional 2011-12 to 11.07
Excise Credit Commissioner 2013-14 and
Act, 1994 LTU-Kashipur 2015-16
Cenvat Commissioner 2011-12, 10.86
Credit LTU-Gorakhpur 2012-13
Cenvat Superintendent 2016-17 1.24
Credit LTU - Kashipur
Excise Allahabad 2018-19 110.46
Duty High Court
Excise Allahabad 2018-19 102.24
Duty High Court
Name of Nature of Forum where Period to Amount
the Statute Dues Dispute is which the Involved
pending Amount ( ````` In lakh)
Relates
Excise High Court, 2005-06 46.20
Duty Nainital to 2008-09
Excise Allahabad 2007-08 852.57
Duty High Court to 2011-12
Excise High Court, 2010-11 961.38
Duty Nainital
Central/ UP GST Commissioner- 2017-18 220.88
State Goods ITC/ MH Appeals
& Services GST ITC
Tax Act, 2017
GST Jt. Commissioner 2021-22 15.24
-Appeals
(viii) According to the information and explanations given to us
and on the basis of our examination of the records of the
Company, the Company has not surrendered or disclosed
any transactions, previously unrecorded as income in the
books of account, in the tax assessments under the Income
Tax Act, 1961, as income during the year.
(ix) (a) According to the information and explanations given to
us and on the basis of our examination of the records of
the Company, the Company has not defaulted in
repayment of loans or borrowings or in the payment of
interest thereon to any lender during the year.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to
us and on the basis of our examination of the records of
the Company, the Company has not been declared a
wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or
government or any government authority.
(c) In our opinion and according to the information and
explanations given to us, term loans were applied for
the purposes for which they were obtained.
(d) According to the information and explanations given to
us and on an overall examination of the balance sheet
of the company, we report that no funds raised on short-
term basis have been used for long-term purposes by
the company.
(e) According to the information and explanations given to
us and on an overall examination of the balance sheet
of the company, the company has not taken any funds
from an entity or person on account of or to meet the
obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or joint
ventures.
(f) According to the information and explanations given to
us and procedures performed by us, we report that the
company has not raised loans during the year on the
pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, joint ventures
or associate companies (as defined under the Act).
(x) (a) The Company has not raised any money during the year
by way of initial public offer / further public offer (including
debt instruments) hence, the requirement to report on
clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable to the
Company.
[[page 108]]
98
(b) The Company has complied with provisions of sections
42 and 62 of the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of the
preferential allotment of shares respectively during the
year. The amount raised, have been used for the
purposes for which the funds were raised.
(xi) (a) Based on examination of the books and records of the
Company and according to the information and
explanations given to us, no fraud by the Company or
on the Company has been noticed or reported during
the course of the audit.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to
us, no report under sub-section (12) of Section 143 of
the Act has been filed by the auditors in Form ADT-4 as
prescribed under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and
Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government.
(c) As represented to us by the management, there are no
whistle blower complaints received by the Company
during the year.
(xii) The Company is not a Nidhi Company as per the provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013. Therefore, the requirement to
report on clause 3(xii)(a), 3(xii)(b) and 3(xii)(c) of the Order
is not applicable to the Company.
(xiii) In our opinion, the Company is in compliance with section
177 and 188 of the Act, where applicable, for all transactions
with the related parties undertaken during the year and the
details of such related party transactions have been disclosed
in the standalone financial statements as required by the
applicable accounting standards.
(xiv) (a) In our opinion, the Company has an internal audit system
commensurate with the size and nature of its business.
(b) We have considered the internal audit reports of the
Company issued till date for the period under audit.
(xv) In our opinion, the Company has not entered into any non-
cash transactions with its directors or persons connected with
the directors. Accordingly, the reporting on compliance with
the provisions of Section 192 of the Act under clause 3(xv) of
the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xvi) a) The Company is not required to be registered under
Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.
Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(a) of the Order is not
applicable.
b) The Company is not required to be registered under
Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.
Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(b) of the Order is not
applicable.
c) The Company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC)
as defined in the regulations made by the Reserve Bank
of India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(c) of the Order is not
applicable.
d) According to the information and explanation given to
us by the management, the Group does not have any
Core Investment Company (CIC) as part of the Group
as per the definition of Group contained in the Core
Investment Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016
and hence the reporting under clause (xvi)(d) of the Order
is not applicable.
(xvii) The Company has not incurred any cash losses in the
financial year and in the immediately preceding financial year.
(xviii)There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during
the year and accordingly this clause is not applicable /
paragraph 3(xviii) of the Order is not applicable.
(xix) On the basis of the financial ratios disclosed in note 61 to the
standalone financial statements, ageing and expected dates
of realization of financial assets and payment of financial
liabilities, other information accompanying the standalone
financial statements and our knowledge of the Board of
Directors and Management plans and based on our
examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions,
nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe
that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit
report indicating that Company is not capable of meeting its
liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when
they fall due within a period of one year from the balance
sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance
as to the future viability of the Company. We further state
that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the
audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any
assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one
year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the
Company as and when they fall due.
(xx) The Company has fully spent the required amount towards
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and there are no
unspent CSR amounts for the year requiring a transfer to a
Fund specified in Schedule VII to the Act or special account
in compliance with the provision of sub-section (6) of section
135 of the said Act. Accordingly, reporting under clause (xx)
of the Order is not applicable for the year.
For K. N. GUTGUTIA & CO.
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FRN 304153E
(B. R. GOYAL)
PARTNER
Place: Noida M. NO. 012172
Date : 14.05.2026
ANNEXURE “B” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph II point 2 A (f) under “Report on Other
Legal and Regulatory Requirements” section of our report to the
members of India Glycols Limited of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls With reference to
standalone financial statements under Clause (i) of Sub-
section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the
Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to
standalone financial statements of INDIA GLYCOLS LIMITED
(“the Company”) as of March 31, 2026, in conjunction with our
audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company for
the year ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s management and Board of Directors are
responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial
controls based on the internal control with reference to the
standalone financial statements criteria established by the
[[page 109]]
99
Company considering the essential components of internal control
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls
Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (‘ICAI’). These
responsibilities include the design, implementation and
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were
operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct
of its business, including adherence to Company’s policies, the
safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds
and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting
records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information,
as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s
internal financial controls with reference to the standalone financial
statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in
accordance with the Guidance Note and the Standards on
Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under
section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent
applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable
to an audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and
the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical
requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with
reference to the standalone financial statements was established
and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all
material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence
about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system with
reference to the standalone financial statements and their
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls
with reference to the standalone financial statements included
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with
reference to the standalone financial statements, assessing the
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the
auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the standalone financial statements,
whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the
Company’s internal financial controls system with reference to
the standalone financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to the
standalone financial statements
A company’s internal financial control with reference to the
standalone financial statements is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of standalone financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company’s internal financial control with reference
to the standalone financial statements includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of standalone financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorisations of management and
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could
have a material effect on the standalone financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with
reference to the standalone financial statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls
with reference to the standalone financial statements, including
the possibility of collusion or improper management override of
controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur
and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the
internal financial controls with reference to the standalone financial
statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal
financial control with reference to the standalone financial
statements may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the
explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material
respects, an adequate internal financial controls system with
reference to the standalone financial statements and such internal
financial controls with reference to the standalone financial
statements were operating effectively as of March 31, 2026, based
on the internal financial controls with reference to the standalone
financial statements criteria established by the Company
considering the essential components of internal control stated in
the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over
Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India.
For K. N. GUTGUTIA & CO.
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FRN 304153E
(B. R. GOYAL)
PARTNER
Place: Noida M. NO. 012172
Date : 14.05.2026
[[page 110]]
100
Standalone Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026
(` in Lakh)
Particulars Note As at As at
No. March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
ASSETS
(1) NON-CURRENT ASSETS:
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 2 4,44,521.36 3,73,617.57
(b) Capital work-in-progress 2A 3,669.97 9,838.60
(c) Investment Property 3 171.82 174.94
(d) Other Intangible assets 4 145.70 137.34
(e) Right to use assets 5 10,607.60 8,977.20
(f) Financial Assets
(i) Investments 6 4.00 4.00
(ii) Loans 7 149.60 53.60
(iii) Others 8 4,108.39 4,419.41
(g) Other Non-Current assets 9 260.28 638.12
Total Non Current Assets 4,63,638.72 3,97,860.78
(2) CURRENT ASSETS:
(a) Inventories 10 88,798.86 1,16,879.91
(b) Financial Assets
(i) Trade receivables 11 35,265.99 36,603.79
(ii) Cash and cash equivalents 12 3,106.47 651.05
(iii) Bank balances other than (ii) above 13 1,796.05 7,059.94
(iv) Loans 14 2,041.93 2,041.93
(v) Others 15 1,574.40 3,048.35
(c) Current Tax Assets (Net) 16 1,185.85 933.49
(d) Other current assets 17 15,203.50 13,960.69
Total Current Assets 1,48,973.05 1,81,179.15
TOTAL ASSETS 6,12,611.77 5,79,039.93
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY:
(a) Equity Share capital 18 3,351.34 3,096.15
(b) Other Equity 18A 2,50,392.50 1,84,008.31
Total Equity 2,53,743.84 1,87,104.46
LIABILITIES:
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES:
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 19 91,912.72 1,04,009.00
(ii) Lease Liabilities 8,112.91 6,698.49
(iii) Other financial liabilities 20 6,229.48 4,162.25
(b) Provisions 21 568.27 526.74
(c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 22 50,510.79 44,237.61
(d) Other non-current liabilities 23 271.95 283.87
Total Non Current Liabilities 1,57,606.12 1,59,917.96
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 24 65,934.04 76,418.15
(ii) Lease Liabilities 3,100.93 2,027.56
(iii) Trade payables 25
Total Outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 16.61 16.61
Total Outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises 78,770.58 97,914.20
(iv) Other financial liabilities 26 39,980.40 37,457.57
(b) Other current liabilities 27 12,702.80 17,879.48
(c) Provisions 28 756.45 303.94
Total Current Liabilities 2,01,261.81 2,32,017.51
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 6,12,611.77 5,79,039.93
Company Overview, Basis of preparation and material accounting policies 1
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these standalone financial statements.
As per our report of even date
For K N Gutgutia & Co. U. S. Bhartia Alok Singhal
Chartered Accountants Chairman and Managing Director Executive Director
Firm Registration no. 304153E DIN: 00063091 DIN: 10359043
B.R.Goyal Rupark Sarswat Anand Singhal
Partner Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Membership Number 12172
Place: Noida, UP Ankur Jain
Date : May 14, 2026 Company Secretary
[[page 111]]
101
Standalone Statement of Profit & Loss for the year Ended March 31, 2026
(` in Lakh), except as otherwise stated
Particulars Note Year ended Year ended
No. March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Income
Revenue from operations 29 9,82,619.99 9,03,781.68
Other income 30 4,350.98 1,455.35
Total Income 9,86,970.97 9,05,237.03
Expenses:
Cost of materials consumed 31 2,41,242.84 2,34,580.77
Excise Duty on Sales 5,61,521.86 5,27,068.79
Purchase of Stock-in-Trade 32 18,845.90 11,179.58
Change in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress 33 6,092.01 (5,046.32)
and Stock-in-trade
Employee benefits expense 34 13,069.20 12,089.32
Finance costs 35 16,718.43 16,437.49
Depreciation and amortization expense 36 15,537.61 11,519.49
Other expenses 37 77,190.24 73,230.13
Total Expenses 9,50,218.09 8,81,059.25
Profit/ (Loss) before exceptional items and tax 36,752.88 24,177.78
Exceptional Items (Net) 62 82.89 -
Profit/ (Loss) before tax 36,669.99 24,177.78
Tax Expense: 59
- Current Tax 2,107.02 1,714.01
- Deferred tax Charged / (Credit) 6,330.24 4,425.51
Profit/ (Loss) for the year 28,232.73 18,038.26
Other Comprehensive Income
Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss
(i) Remeasurement benefit of defined benefit plans (226.70) (116.17)
(ii) Income tax expense on remeasurement benefit of defined 57.06 29.24
benefit plans
Other comprehensive Income/ (Loss) for the year (169.64) (86.93)
Total Comprehensive Income for the year 28,063.09 17,951.33
Earnings per Equity share of ````` 5 each basic/ diluted (in `````) 54 44.31 29.13
Company Overview, Basis of preparation and material accounting policies 1
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these standalone financial statements.
As per our report of even date
For K N Gutgutia & Co. U. S. Bhartia Alok Singhal
Chartered Accountants Chairman and Managing Director Executive Director
Firm Registration no. 304153E DIN: 00063091 DIN: 10359043
B.R.Goyal Rupark Sarswat Anand Singhal
Partner Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Membership Number 12172
Place: Noida, UP Ankur Jain
Date : May 14, 2026 Company Secretary
[[page 112]]
102
A. Equity Share Capital (` in Lakh)
Particulars Balance as at Changes Restated Changes Balance as at
31st March 2025 due to prior balance at the during 31 st March 2026
period errors beginning of the year
the year
ISSUED, SUBSCRIBED AND PAID UP
67,026,765 Equity Shares of ` 5/- each 3,096.15 - 3,096.15 255.19 3,351.34
fully paid up
Total 3,096.15 - 3,096.15 255.19 3,351.34
(` in Lakh)
Particulars Balance as at Changes Restated Changes Balance as at
31st March 2024 due to prior balance at the during 31 st March 2025
period errors beginning of the year
the year
ISSUED, SUBSCRIBED AND PAID UP
30,961,500 Equity Shares of ` 10/- each 3,096.15 - 3,096.15 - 3,096.15
fully paid up
Total 3,096.15 - 3,096.15 - 3,096.15
B. Other Equity (` in Lakh)
Particulars Reserve & Surplus
Securities Reserve for General Retained Items of Other Total
Premium Contigencies Reserve Earnings Comprehensive
Reserve Income that will
not be classified
to profit & loss
Balance as at March 31,2024 3,958.36 200.00 10,600.14 1,53,409.67 365.73 1,68,533.90
Profit/ (loss) for the year 18,038.26 18,038.26
Other Comprehensive income/(losses) (86.93) (86.93)
Dividends Paid (2,476.92) (2,476.92)
Balance as at March 31,2025 3,958.36 200.00 10,600.14 1,68,971.01 278.80 1,84,008.31
Profit/ (loss) for the year 28,232.73 28,232.73
Other Comprehensive income/(losses) (169.64) (169.64)
Dividends Paid (8,123.16) (8,123.16)
Premium on equity shares issued through 46,444.26 46,444.26
preferential issue (refer note 63)
Balance as at March 31,2026 50,402.62 200.00 10,600.14 1,89,080.58 109.16 2,50,392.50
As per our report of even date
For K N Gutgutia & Co. U. S. Bhartia Alok Singhal
Chartered Accountants Chairman and Managing Director Executive Director
Firm Registration no. 304153E DIN: 00063091 DIN: 10359043
B.R.Goyal Rupark Sarswat Anand Singhal
Partner Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Membership Number 12172
Place: Noida, UP Ankur Jain
Date : May 14, 2026 Company Secretary
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended March 31, 2026
[[page 113]]
103
(` in Lakh)
2025-26 2024-25
A Cash Flow from Operating Activities
Net Profit/(Loss) Before Tax 36,669.99 24,177.78
Adjustments For:
Depreciation and amortisation expense 15,537.61 11,519.49
(Profit)/Loss on Sale of Property, plant & equipment (125.51) (101.53)
Net Unrealised Foreign Exchange Fluctuation (Gain) / Loss 214.50 473.51
Govt Grant (Net) (11.92) (11.92)
Dividend Income (3,858.00) -
Provision No Longer Required Written Back (227.72) (2,046.59)
Finance Costs 16,833.36 16,574.32
Interest Income (446.61) 27,915.71 (1,437.71) 24,969.57
Operating Profit/ (Loss) before Working Capital Changes 64,585.70 49,147.35
Adjustments For:
(Increase)/Decrease in Trade & Other Receivables 6,962.07 17,540.75
(Increase)/Decrease in Inventories 28,081.05 (6,509.70)
Increase / (Decrease) in Trade & Other Payables (20,369.97) 14,673.15 (21,957.45) (10,926.40)
Cash Generated from / (Used in) Operations 79,258.85 38,220.95
Income Tax Paid (Net) (2,359.88) (2,021.36)
Net Cash flow from / (Used in) Operating Activities 76,898.97 36,199.59
B Cash Flow from Investing Activities
Purchase of Property, plant & equipment (82,347.63) (76,046.52)
Sale of Property, plant & equipment 685.79 770.72
Interest received 1,106.07 1,677.20
Dividend received 3,858.00 -
Net Cash flow from / (Used in) Investing Activities (76,697.77) (73,598.60)
C Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Net Proceeds from Borrowings 43,831.49 86,026.51
Repayment of Borrowings (66,412.04) (37,674.51)
Proceeds from issue of share capital 46,699.45 -
Proceeds/(Payment) of lease liabilities 2,487.69 6,013.89
Finance Costs (16,821.00) (16,531.27)
Dividends Paid (7,531.37) (2,459.14)
Net Cash flow from / (Used in) Financing Activities 2,254.22 35,375.48
Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash & Cash Equivalents [A+B+C] 2,455.42 (2,023.53)
Opening Cash & Cash Equivalent (refer note 12) 651.05 2,674.58
Closing Cash & Cash Equivalent (refer note 12) 3,106.47 651.05
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these standalone financial statements.
Notes:
1. The Cash flow statement has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS 7) state ment of
cash flows.
This is the Cash Flow Statement referred to in our report of even date.
For K N Gutgutia & Co. U. S. Bhartia Alok Singhal
Chartered Accountants Chairman and Managing Director Executive Director
Firm Registration no. 304153E DIN: 00063091 DIN: 10359043
B.R.Goyal Rupark Sarswat Anand Singhal
Partner Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Membership Number 12172
Place: Noida, UP Ankur Jain
Date : May 14, 2026 Company Secretary
Standalone Cash Flow Statement for the year ended March 31, 2026
[[page 114]]
104
1.1 Company Overview
India Glycols Limited (“IGL” or “the company”) is a public company
domiciled in India and is incorporated under the provisions of the
Companies Act applicable in India. Its shares are publicly traded on
the National Stock Exchange (“NSE”) and the Bombay Stock Exchange
(“BSE”) in India. The registered office of IGL is situated at A-1, Industrial
Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur – 244713, Distt. Udham Singh Nagar,
Uttarakhand, India.
The Company manufactures Bio-based Specialities and Performance
Chemicals such as green technology based bulk, natural gums and
industrial gases; Potable Spirits, Boi-Fuel and Ennature Biopharma.
These financial statements were authorized for issue in accordance
with a resolution of the directors on dated 14 th May, 2026.
1.2 Basis of Preparation of financial statements
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
the Indian Accounting Standards (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Ind
AS’) as notified by Ministry of Corporate Affairs pursuant to Section
133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 3 of the Companies
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended and other
relevant provisions of the Act.
1.3 Material Accounting Policies
(a) Basis of Measurement
The Financial statements have been prepared under historical
cost convention on accrual basis, except for the items that have
been measured at fair value as required by relevant Ind AS.
The standalone financial statements are presented in Indian
Rupees (`), which is the Company’s functional and presentation
currency and all amounts are rounded to the nearest Lakh
(` 00,000) and two decimals thereof, except as stated otherwise.
(b) Basis of classification of Current and Non – Current
Assets and Liabilities in the balance sheet have been classified
as either current or non-current.
An asset has been classified as current if (a) it is expected to be
realized in, or is intended for sale or consumption in, the
Company’s normal operating cycle; or (b) it is held primarily for
the purpose of being traded; or (c) it is expected to be realized
within twelve months after the reporting date; or (d) it is cash or
cash equivalent unless it is restricted from being exchanged or
used to settle a liability for at least twelve months after the reporting
date. All other assets have been classified as non-current.
A liability has been classified as current when (a) it is expected to
be settled in the Company’s normal operating cycle; or (b) it is
held primarily for the purpose of being traded; or (c) it is due to be
settled within twelve months after the reporting date; or (d) the
Company does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement
of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting date.
All other liabilities have been classified as non-current.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current
assets and non-current liabilities.
An operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets
for processing and their realization in cash or cash equivalents.
The Company has identified twelve months as its operating cycle
for the purpose of current /non-current assets and liabilities.
(c) Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE)
Property, Plant and Equipment are carried at deemed cost (fair
value model) less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
impairment losses, if any. Cost includes expenditure that is directly
attributable to the acquisition of the items.
The Assets’ residual values, useful lives and method of
depreciation are reviewed at each financial year end and adjusted
prospectively, if appropriate. Depreciation on Plant, Property and
equipment has been provided using straight line method over the
useful life of assets as specified in Schedule II of the Companies
Act, 2013. However, in case of certain Plant & Machinery
depreciation have been provided based on technical evaluation
of the useful life by technical valuer ranging from 40-48 years.
Depreciation on additions/ disposals is provided with reference
to the month of addition/ disposal. Certain plant and machinery
have been considered as continuous process plant as provided
in schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013 on technical evaluation.
Freehold land is not depreciated. Leasehold land is amortised
over the period of lease
Property, plant and equipment are eliminated from financial
statement, either on disposal or when retired from active use.
Losses/gain arising in the case of retirement of property, plant
and equipment and gains or losses arising from disposal of
property, plant and equipment are recognized in the statement of
profit and loss in the year of occurrence.
Expenditure during construction
Expenditure including qualifying interest during construction period
is being included under capital work-in progress and the same is
allocated to Property, Plant & Equipment on completion of
installation/construction.
(d) Investment Properties
Investment properties are measured at cost less accumulated
depreciation and impairment losses, if any.
Depreciation on such properties is provided over the estimated
useful lives as specified in Schedule II to the Companies Act,
2013. The residual values, useful lives and depreciation method
of investment properties are reviewed, and adjusted on
prospective basis as appropriate, at each financial year end. The
effects of any revision are included in the statement of profit and
loss when the changes arise.
Though the Company measures investment property using cost
based measurement, the fair value of investment property is
disclosed in the notes. Fair values are determined based on annual
evaluation performed by an external independent valuer/internal
assessment.
(e) Intangible Assets
Identifiable intangible assets are recognised a) when the Company
controls the asset, b) it is probable that future economic benefits
attributed to the asset will flow to the Company and c) the cost of
the asset can be reliably measured.
Computer software’s are capitalised at the amounts paid to acquire
the respective license for use and are amortised over the period
of license, generally not exceeding six years on straight line basis.
The assets’ useful lives are reviewed at each financial year end.
(f) Leases
The Company, as a lessee, recognises a right-of-use asset and a
lease liability for its leasing arrangements, if the contract conveys
the right to control the use of an identified asset.
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
1. COMPANY OVERVIEW, BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
[[page 115]]
105
The contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified
asset, if it involves the use of an identified asset and the Company
has substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset
and has right to direct the use of the identified asset. The cost of
the right-of-use asset shall comprise of the amount of the initial
measurement of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments
made at or before the commencement date plus any initial direct
costs incurred. The right-of-use assets is subsequently measured
at cost less any accumulated depreciation, accumulated
impairment losses, if any and adjusted for any remeasurement of
the lease liability. The right-of-use assets is depreciated using
the straight-line method from the commencement date over the
period of lease term.
The Company measures the lease liability at the present value of
the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date
of the lease. The lease payments are discounted using the
incremental borrowing rate of the company.
For short-term and low value leases, the Company recognises
the lease payments as an operating expense on a straight-line
basis over the lease term.
(g) Inventories
Inventories are valued ‘at lower of cost or net realizable value’
except stock of residual products and scrap which are valued at
net realizable value. The cost is computed on the weighted
average basis. In case of finished goods and stock in process,
cost is determined by considering material, labour, related
overheads and duties thereon.
(h) Employee benefits
I. Short-term employee benefits:
All employee benefits falling due within twelve months of
the end of the period in which the employees render the
related services are classified as short term employee
benefits, which include benefits like salaries, wages, short
term compensated absences, performance incentives, etc.
and are recognised as expenses in the period in which the
employee renders the related service and measured
accordingly.
II. Post-employment benefits
(i) Defined Contribution Plan
Employee benefits in the form of Provident Fund (with
Government Authorities) are considered as defined
contribution plan and the contributions are charged to
the statement of Profit & Loss of the year when the
contributions to the respective funds are due.
Actuarial Valuation
(ii) Defined Benefit Plan
Retirement benefits in the form of Gratuity and Long
term compensated leaves are considered as defined
benefit obligations and are provided for on the basis
of an actuarial valuation, using the projected unit credit
method, as at the date of the Balance Sheet.
The liability in respect of all defined benefit plans is
accrued in the books of account on the basis of
actuarial valuation carried out by an independent
actuary using the Projected Unit Credit Method, which
recognizes each year of service as giving rise to
additional unit of employee benefit entitlement and
measure each unit separately to build up the final
obligation. The obligation is measured at the present
value of estimated future cash flows. The discount rates
used for determining the present value of obligation
under defined benefit plans, is based on the market
yields on Government securities as at the Balance
Sheet date, having maturity periods approximating to
the terms of related obligations.
Other short term absences are provided based on past
experience of leave availed.
Actuarial Gains and losses arising from experience
adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are
recognized immediately in the balance sheet with a
corresponding debit or credit to retained earnings
through other comprehensive income (OCI) in the
period in which they occur. Remeasurements are not
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.
All other expenses related to defined benefit plans are
recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss as
employee benefit expenses.
(i) Foreign currency transactions and translation
Standalone financial statements have been presented in Indian
Rupees (`), which is the Company’s functional and presentation
currency.
Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded by the
Company at rates prevailing at the date of the transaction.
Subsequently monetary items are translated at closing exchange
rates of balance sheet date and the resulting exchange difference
recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Differences arising
on settlement of monetary items are also recognised in the
statement of profit or loss.
(j) Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations
Non-current assets are classified as held for sale if their carrying
amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction
rather than through continuing use and a sale is considered highly
probable.
Non-current assets classified as held for sale are measured at
lower of their carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell.
Non-current assets classified as held for sale are not depreciated
or amortised from the date when they are classified as held for
sale.
Non-current assets classified as held for sale and the assets and
liabilities of a disposal group classified as held for sale are
presented separately from the other assets and liabilities in the
Standalone Balance Sheet.
A discontinued operation is a component of the entity that has
been disposed off or is classified as held for sale and:
• represents a separate major line of business or geographical
area of operations and;
• is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of such a line
of business or area of operations.
The results of discontinued operations are presented separately
in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss.
(k) Grants
Grants and subsidies from the government are recognised at their
fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant/
subsidies will be received and the Company will comply with all
attached conditions. Revenue Grants are recognised in the
statement of Profit & Loss. Government grants relating to the
specific Property, Plant & Equipment is disclosed in the balance
sheet as deferred income and are credited to profit or loss on a
straight-line basis over the expected lives of the related assets
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 116]]
106
and presented within other income to match them with the cost
that they are intended to compensate. Changes in estimates are
recognised prospectively over the remaining life of the assets.
(l) Taxation
Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred
tax. Tax is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss, except
to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity
or other comprehensive income.
Current tax provision is computed for Income calculated after
considering allowances and exemptions under the provisions of
the applicable Income Tax Laws. Current tax assets and current
tax liabilities are off set, and presented as net.
Deferred tax is recognised on differences between the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities in the Balance sheet and the
corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit
and are accounted for using the liability method. Deferred tax
liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary
differences, and deferred tax assets are generally recognised for
all deductible temporary differences, carry forward tax losses and
allowances to the extent that it is probable that in future taxable
profits will be available to set off such deductible temporary
differences. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at
the applicable tax rates. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax
liabilities are off- set, and presented as net.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each
balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available against
which the temporary differences can be utilised.
(m) Provisions and Contingencies
(i) Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present
obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event,
it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying
economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation
and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
obligation. Provisions are reviewed at each reporting period
and are adjusted to reflect the current best estimate.
(ii) Contingencies
Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there is a possible
obligation arising from past events, the existence of which
will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence
of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the
control of the Company or a present obligation that arises
from past events where it is either not probable that an
outflow of resources will be required to settle or a reliable
estimate of the amount cannot be made. Information on
contingent liability is disclosed in the Notes to the Financial
Statements. Contingent assets are not recognized in
financial statements but are disclosed, if any.
(n) Impairment of non-current assets
An asset is considered as impaired when at the date of Balance
Sheet there are indications of impairment and the carrying amount
of the asset, or where applicable the cash generating unit to which
the asset belongs exceeds its recoverable amount (i.e. the higher
of the net asset selling price and value in use).The carrying amount
is reduced to the recoverable amount and the reduction is
recognized as an impairment loss in the Statement of Profit and
Loss. The impairment loss recognized in the prior accounting
period is reversed if there has been a change in the estimate of
recoverable amount. Post impairment, depreciation is provided
on the revised carrying value of the impaired asset over its
remaining useful life.
(o) Borrowing Cost / Finance Cost
Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition,
construction or production of a qualifying assets treated as of the
cost of that asset and other borrowing cost are recognised as
expenses in the period in which it incurs them. Ancillary cost
incurred in connection with the arranging the borrowings is
amortized over the terms of the loan.
(p) Financial instruments – initial recognition, subsequent
measurement and impairment
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial
asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of
another entity. A financial assets or a liability is recognised when
the Company becomes a Party to the contractual provision of the
instrument.
a) Financial Assets
Financial assets include cash and cash equivalent, trade
and other receivables, investments in securities and other
eligible current and noncurrent assets.
Financial Assets are measured at amortised cost or fair value
through Other Comprehensive Income or fair value through
Profit or Loss, depending on its business model for managing
those financial assets and the assets contractual cash flow
characteristics.
Subsequent measurements of financial assets are
dependent on initial categorisation. For impairment purposes
significant financial assets are tested on an individual basis,
other financial assets are assessed collectively in groups
that share similar credit risk characteristics.
The company derecognizes a financial assets when the
contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial assets
expire or it transfers the financial assets and the transfer
qualifies for the derecognisition under Ind-AS 109.
Investment in Equity shares
Investments in equity securities (Other than Investment in
Subsidiaries & Joint Venture) are initially measured at fair
value. Any subsequent fair value gain or loss is recognized
through Profit or Loss.
Investment in Subsidiaries & Joint Venture
Investments in subsidiaries and Joint Venture are carried at
cost. The cost comprises price paid to acquire investment
and directly attributable cost.
The company assesses impairment based on expected
credit loss (ECL) model to all its financial assets measured
at amortised cost
b) Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities include long term and short term loan
and borrowings, trade and other payables and other eligible
current and non-current liabilities.
All financial liabilities recognized initially at fair value and, in
the case of loans and borrowing and other payable, net of
directly attributable transaction costs. After initial recognition,
financial liabilities are classified under one of the following
two categories
i) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include
financial liabilities held for trading. The Company has not
designated any financial liabilities upon initial measurement
recognition at fair value through profit or loss. Financial
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 117]]
107
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are at each
reporting date at fair value with all the changes recognized
in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
ii) Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
After initial recognition, such financial liabilities are
subsequently measured at amortized cost by applying the
Effective Interest Rate (EIR) method to the gross carrying
amount of financial liability. The EIR amortization is included
in finance expense in the profit and loss.
De-recognition of financial liability
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the
liability is discharged or cancelled or expires.
(q) Derivative financial instruments
The Company uses derivative financial instruments, such as
forward & Options currency contracts to hedge its foreign currency
risks. Derivative financial instruments are measured at their fair
value at the end of each reporting period.
(r) Cash and Cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet comprise cash
at banks and on hand and short-term deposits with an original
maturity of three months or less, which are subject to an
insignificant risk of changes in value.
(s) Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit
or loss for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the
Company by the weighted average number of the equity shares
outstanding during the year.
For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, net
profit or loss for the year attributable to equity shareholders of
the Company and the weighted average number of shares
outstanding during the year is adjusted for the effect of all dilutive
potential equity shares.
(t) Segment Reporting
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the
internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker.
Management of the Company is responsible for allocating
resources and assessing the performance of the operating
segment. Revenue, expenses assets and liabilities which are
common to the company are shown as results, assets and
liabilities as unallocable.
(u) Revenue recognition and other income
a) Sale of goods
Revenue is recognized either on delivery or on transfer of
significant risk and rewards of ownership of the goods.
Revenue from the sale of goods is measured at fair value of
consideration received or receivable, inclusive of excise duty
as applicable but after deducting discounts, rebates and
Goods & Service Tax.
b) Sale of services-job work
Revenue from job work charges are recognised on when
performance obligation is met.
c) Export Incentives
Revenue in respect of Export benefit are recognised on post
export basis at the rate at which the entitlement accrues in
terms of import export policy and is included in the turnover
of the company.
(v) Exceptional Items
When items of income and expenses within statement of profit
and loss from ordinary activities are of such size, nature or
incidence that their disclosure is relevant to explain the
performance of the enterprise for the period, the nature and
amount of such material items are disclosed separately as
exceptional items.
1.4 Critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements
In the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies,
management has made the following estimates, assumptions and
judgements, which have significant effect on the amounts recognised
in the financial statement.
Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in
outcome that require a material adjustment to assets or liabilities
affected in future periods.
a) Income taxes
Management judgment is required for the calculation of provision
for income taxes and deferred tax assets and liabilities based on
probability that taxable profit will be available against which the
deductible temporary differences can be utilized. The Company
reviews at each balance sheet date the carrying amount of
deferred tax assets and liabilities. The factors used in estimates
may differ from actual outcome which could lead to significant
adjustment to the amounts reported in the standalone financial
statements.
b) Contingencies
Management judgement is required for estimating the possible
outflow of resources, if any, in respect of contingencies/claim/
litigations against the Company as it is not possible to predict the
outcome of pending matters with accuracy.
c) Allowance for uncollected accounts receivable and advances
Trade receivables and advances are stated at their transaction
value as reduced by appropriate allowances for estimated
irrecoverable amounts. Trade receivables and advances are
written off on case to case basis when management deems them
not to be collectible. Impairment is made on the expected credit
losses, which are the present value of the cash shortfall over the
expected life of the financial assets.
d) Insurance claims
Insurance claims are recognised when the Company have
reasonable certainty of recovery. Subsequently any change in
recoverability is appropriately adjusted for and give effect in the
statement of profit and loss.
e) Fair value measurement of financial instruments
When the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities
recorded in the balance sheet cannot be measured based on
quoted prices in active markets, their fair value is measured using
valuation techniques including Discounted Cash Flow (DCF)
model. The inputs to these models are taken from observable
markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree
of judgement is required in establishing fair values. Judgements
include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk
and volatility. Changes in assumptions about these factors could
affect the reported fair value of financial instruments.
f) Impairment of financial assets
The impairment provisions for financial assets are based on
assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The
Company uses judgement in making these assumptions and
selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on
Company’s past history, existing market conditions as well as
forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 118]]
108
2. PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPMENT
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Freehold Leasehold Buildings Plant & Office Furniture Vehicles# Total
Land Land Equipment Equipment & Fixtures
Gross block As at 10,167.31 11,895.00 14,047.92 3,29,903.58 1,282.20 1,903.27 1,089.58 3,70,288.86
March 31, 2024
Additions - - 135.25 66,898.21 180.93 79.42 480.95 67,774.76
Disposals - - - 685.93 71.83 - 177.73 935.49
As at March 31, 2025 10,167.31 11,895.00 14,183.17 3,96,115.86 1,391.30 1,982.69 1,392.80 4,37,128.13
Additions 405.18 420.33 81,210.11 136.78 1,219.30 176.06 83,567.76
Disposals 249.67 105.59 222.37 19.87 0.72 81.99 680.21
As at March 31, 2026 9,917.64 12,300.18 14,497.91 4,77,103.60 1,508.21 3,201.27 1,486.87 5,20,015.68
Accumulated Depreciation - 1,568.05 2,895.12 46,083.08 833.46 1,333.53 447.58 53,160.82
As at March 31, 2024
Charge for the year 176.90 532.09 9,524.89 144.13 91.17 146.86 10,616.04
Disposals 43.54 64.58 158.18 266.30
As at March 31, 2025 - 1,744.95 3,427.21 55,564.43 913.01 1,424.70 436.26 63,510.56
Charge for the year 178.37 533.89 10,977.54 152.84 90.43 170.62 12,103.69
Disposals 26.64 38.63 14.71 0.71 39.24 119.93
As at March 31, 2026 - 1,923.32 3,934.46 66,503.34 1,051.14 1,514.42 567.64 75,494.32
Net Carrying Amount
As at March 31, 2025 10,167.31 10,150.05 10,755.96 3,40,551.43 478.29 557.99 956.54 3,73,617.57
As at March 31, 2026 9,917.64 10,376.86 10,563.45 4,10,600.26 457.07 1,686.85 919.23 4,44,521.36
Notes:
# Gross block includes ` 927.04 Lakh (Previous Year ` 830.95 Lakh) secured by hypothecation against loan.
2A. Ageing schedule of Capital Work-in-Progress
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than 1-2 years 2-3 years More than Total
1 year 3 years
As at March 31, 2026
Project in Progress 2,227.40 1,360.56 82.01 - 3,669.97
Projects Temporarily Suspended - - - - -
2,227.40 1,360.56 82.01 - 3,669.97
As at March 31, 2025
Project in Progress 7,970.52 1,759.99 108.09 - 9,838.60
Projects Temporarily Suspended - - - - -
7,970.52 1,759.99 108.09 - 9,838.60
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 119]]
109
3. INVESTMENT PROPERTY
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Amount
Gross block As at March 31, 2024 683.28
Additions -
Disposals 486.49
As at March 31, 2025 196.79
Additions -
Disposals -
As at March 31, 2026 196.79
Accumulated Depreciation As at March 31, 2024 27.61
Charge for the year 5.72
Disposals 11.48
As at March 31, 2025 21.85
Charge for the year 3.12
Disposals
As at March 31, 2026 24.97
Net Carrying Amount
As at March 31, 2025 174.94
As at March 31, 2026 171.82
Fair Value
As at March 31, 2025 243.70
As at March 31, 2026 268.07
2025-26 2024-25
Rental Income derived from investment properties 21.13 27.79
Direct Operating Expenses 4.34 7.62
Profit arising from investment properties 16.79 20.17
4. OTHER INTANGIBLES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Amount
Computer Software
Gross block As at March 31, 2024 351.70
Additions 1.79
Disposal -
As at March 31, 2025 353.49
Additions 36.96
Disposal -
As at March 31, 2026 390.45
Accumulated Amortisation As at March 31, 2024 189.07
Charge for the year 27.08
Disposals -
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 120]]
110
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Amount
As at March 31, 2025 216.15
Charge for the year 28.60
Disposals -
As at March 31, 2026 244.75
Net Carrying Amount
As at March 31, 2025 137.34
As at March 31, 2026 145.70
5. RIGHT TO USE ASSETS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Amount
Gross block As at March 31, 2024 3,661.14
Additions 7,300.08
Disposals/Adjustment -
As at March 31, 2025 10,961.22
Additions 5,032.60
Disposals/Adjustment -
As at March 31, 2026 15,993.82
Accumulated Depreciation As at March 31, 2024 1,113.37
Charge for the year 870.65
Disposals -
As at March 31, 2025 1,984.02
Charge for the year 3,402.20
Disposals -
As at March 31, 2026 5,386.22
Net Carrying Amount
As at March 31, 2025 8,977.20
As at March 31, 2026 10,607.60
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 121]]
111
6. NON CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS: INVESTMENTS
(````` in Lakh), except as otherwise stated
Particulars As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
No. of Face Amount No. of Face Amount
shares Value shares Value
Investment in Equity Instruments
(1) Subsidiary Companies
a) IGL Finance Ltd.* 15,00,000 10.00 - 15,00,000 10.00 -
b) IGL CHEM International PTE Ltd., 1,00,000 SGD 1 - 1,00,000 SGD 1 -
Singapore*
c) IGL CHEM International USA LLC* 2,00,000 USD 1 - 2,00,000 USD 1 -
d) IGL Chemicals and Services 10,000 10.00 1.00 10,000 10.00 1.00
Private Limited
e) Ennature Bio Pharma Limited (formerly 10,000 10.00 1.00 10,000 10.00 1.00
known as Ennature Bio Pharma
Private Limited)
f) IGL Sprits Limited 10,000 10.00 1.00 10,000 10.00 1.00
(2) Joint Venture
Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals 10,000 10.00 1.00 10,000 10.00 1.00
Private Limited
4.00 4.00
Aggregated book value of unquoted investment 4.00 4.00
*The Company has elected to fair value it’s investment in certain subsidiaries on the date of transition.
*Refer Note no. 43 to financial statements.
7. NON CURRENT LOANS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
b) Other Loans
Loans to Employee
- Unsecured, considered good 149.60 53.60
149.60 53.60
8. OTHER NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Security Deposits
- Unsecured, considered good# 4,108.39 4,419.41
4,108.39 4,419.41
# Includes ` 1,883.85 lakh (Previous Year ` 1,883.85 lakh) security deposit to director, private companies in which director/directors of
company is director and are also related parties.
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 122]]
112
9. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS:
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Capital Advances
- Unsecured, considered good 232.88 353.94
Advances other than capital advances:
- Prepaid Expenses 27.40 284.18
27.40 284.18
260.28 638.12
10. INVENTORIES (AT LOWER OF COST AND NET REALISABLE VALUE)
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Raw Materials 23,546.28 27,347.67
Add: Goods in transit 2,016.70 16,357.66
25,562.98 43,705.33
Work-in-Process 9,638.75 9,111.53
Finished Goods 11,542.60 18,528.25
11,542.60 18,528.25
Stores and Spares 41,602.45 45,461.78
Residue Product 380.08 13.66
Loose Tools & others 72.00 59.36
88,798.86 1,16,879.91
11. TRADE RECEIVABLES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
- Undisputed Trade Receivables-considered good 35,197.00 36,537.32
- Undisputed Trade Receivables-which have significant increase in Credit Risk -
- Undisputed Trade Receivables-Credit impaired -
- Disputed Trade Receivables-considered good 68.99 66.47
- Disputed Trade Receivables-which have significant increase in Credit Risk -
- Disputed Trade Receivables-Credit impaired 528.79 528.79
35,794.78 37,132.58
Less: Loss Allowance (528.79) (528.79)
35,265.99 36,603.79
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 123]]
113
12. CASH & CASH EQUIVALENTS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Balances with Banks
- In Fixed Deposit Accounts 2,500.00 -
- On Current Accounts 434.29 484.35
Cash on Hand 172.18 166.70
3,106.47 651.05
13. BANK BALANCE OTHER THAN CASH & CASH EQUIVALENTS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Other bank balances
- In Fixed Deposit Accounts* 1,023.01 6,878.69
- On Unpaid Dividend Accounts 773.04 181.25
1,796.05 7,059.94
*Pledged with bank/Government Authorities as margin money/security against guarantees, packing credit facility and other borrow ings.
14. CURRENT LOANS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Inter Corporate Deposits (ICD) #
- Unsecured, considered good 2,041.93 2,041.93
- Loans which have significant increase in Credit Risk -
- Loans- Credit Impaired -
Less : Provision/ Allowance for doubtful ICD -
2,041.93 2,041.93
#Includes deposit with related party ` 2041.93 lakh (Previous year ` 2041.93 lakh), 100.00% (Previous year - 100%) of total deposits. (Refer
note no 43(a))
15. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Export Incentive receivable - Duty Drawback 208.84 171.08
Interest receivable# 59.13 718.59
Others (including security deposit, claims & other receivable) 1,598.21 2,450.46
Less : Provision/ Allowance for doubtful other financial assets (291.78) (291.78)
1,306.43 2,158.68
1,574.40 3,048.35
# Includes receivable from related party Nil Lakh (Previous year ` 287.30 Lakh).
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 124]]
114
16. CURRENT TAX ASSETS (NET)
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Advance Income Tax/ Tax deducted at source (net of income tax provision ) 1,185.85 933.49
1,185.85 933.49
17. OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Export Incentive receivable 16.75 113.18
Balance with Excise and Other Authorities 11,407.45 9,362.84
Deposits with Government Departments & Others 917.47 942.67
Prepaid expenses 1,854.60 1,301.56
Advances recoverable in cash or in kind or for value to be received 1,007.23 2,240.44
Doubtful advances 204.11 204.11
1,211.34 2,444.55
Less : Provision/ Allowance for doubtful advances (204.11) (204.11)
1,007.23 2,240.44
15,203.50 13,960.69
18. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
(````` in Lakh), except as otherwise stated
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Authorised :
90,000,000 Equity Shares of ` 5/- each 4,500.00 4,500.00
(45,000,000 Equity Shares of ` 10 each as at March 31, 2025)
4,500.00 4,500.00
Issued, Subscribed and paid up :
67,026,765 Equity Shares of ` 5/- each fully paid up 3,351.34 3,096.15
(30,961,500 Equity Shares of 10/- each as at March 31, 2025) fully paid up
Total Equity share capital 3,351.34 3,096.15
a) Terms/rights attached to equity shares:
The Company has only one class of shares referred to as equity shares having a par value of ` 5/- per share (Previous year
` 10/-per share). Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share.
In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the
Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares
held by the shareholders.
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 125]]
115
b) Details of shares held by holding company
Name of Shareholders As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
No. of Shares % of holding No. of Shares % of holding
Kashipur Holdings Limited -- 1,55,88,291 50.35%
(w.e.f. 02.12.2024 to 23.11.2025)
c) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% equity shares in the company
Name of Shareholders As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
No. of Shares % of holding No. of Shares % of holding
(refer note (g)) (refer note (g))
Kashipur Holdings Limited 3,33,62,372 49.77% 1,55,88,291 50.35%
Executors to the Estate of Late Sajani Devi Bhartia 42,00,498 6.27% 21,00,249 6.78%
d) Reconciliation of the number of shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
Particulars No. of Shares No. of Shares
As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Shares outstanding as at the beginning of the year 3,09,61,500 3,09,61,500
Split of shares during the year (From Face Value ` 10 Each To ` 5 Each) 3,09,61,500 -
(refer note (g))
Increase during the year through preferential issue (refer note 63) 51,03,765 -
Shares outstanding as at the end of the year 6,70,26,765 3,09,61,500
e) Detail of shares held by promoters in the Company
Name of Promoter As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
No. of % of total % Change No. of % of total % Change
Shares(refer Shares during Shares(refer Shares during
note (g)) the year note (g)) the year
Kashipur holdings Limited 3,33,62,372 49.77% -0.58% 1,55,88,291 50.35% -
Executors to the Estate of 42,00,498 6.27% -0.51% 21,00,249 6.78% -
Late Sajani Devi Bhartia
Uma Shankar Bhartia 8,97,444 1.34% -0.11% 4,48,722 1.45% -
Jayshree Bhartia 4,58,006 0.68% -0.06% 2,29,003 0.74% -
Pooja Jhaver 1,95,184 0.29% -0.03% 97,592 0.32% -
Pragya Bhartia Barwale 600 - - 300 - -
Sukhvarsha Distributors Pvt. Ltd. 7,23,750 1.08% -0.09% 3,61,875 1.17% -
Hindustan Wires Ltd. 1,30,000 0.19% -0.02% 65,000 0.21% -
f) In last 5 years there was no Bonus Issue, buy back and /or issue of shares other for cash consideration.
g) Sub-division/split of equity shares
The Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 30 th May 2025, had considered and approved the Stock
Split/ Sub-division of every one equity share having face value of ` 10/ each, fully paid-up, into Two equity shares, having
face value of ` 5/-each, fully paid-up and the same has been approved by the shareholders of the Company through Postal
Ballot on 22 nd July 2025. Further the Company has fixed 12 th August 2025 as the “Record Date” for determining the
entitlement of eligible Equity Shareholders for the purpose of sub-division/split of equity shares of the Company. Accordingly,
the equity shares has been increased from 3,09,61,500 Equity shares to 6,19,23,000 Equity shares.
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 126]]
116
18A. Other Equity
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Reserve & Surplus
Securities Reserve for General Retained Items of Other Total
Premium Contingencies Reserve Earnings Comprehensive
Income that will
not be classified
to profit & loss
Balance as at March 31, 2024 3,958.36 200. 00 10,600.14 1,53,409.67 365.73 1,68,533.90
Profit / (Loss) for the year 18,038.26 18,038.26
Re-measurement of the net (86.93) (86.93)
defined benefit Plans
Dividend paid (2,476.92) (2,476.92)
Balance as at March 31, 2025 3,958.36 200. 00 10,600.14 1,68,971.01 278.80 1,84,008.31
Profit / (Loss) for the year 28,232.73 28,232.73
Re-measurement of the net (169.64) (169.64)
defined benefit Plans
Share Premium on allotment of 46,444.26 46,444.26
shares (refer note 63)
Dividend paid (8,123.16) (8,123.16)
Balance As at March 31, 2026 50,402.62 200.00 10,600.14 1,89,080.58 109.16 2,50,392.50
Nature of reserves
Reserve from Contingencies are created in earlier years to meet any contingencies in future and in the nature of free reserve.
General reserve amount transferred/ apportioned represents is in accordance with Indian Corporate law (The Companies Act,
1956) wherein a portion of profit is apportioned to general reserve, before a company can declare dividend.
Other comprehensive Income Reserve represent the balance in equity for items to be accounted in Other Comprehensive
Income. OCI is classified into i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit & loss ii) Items that will be reclassified to profit & loss.
19. NON-CURRENT BORROWINGS
(````` in Lakh)
Non-Current Portion Current Maturities
As at As at As at As at
March, 31 2026 March, 31 2025 March, 31 2026 March, 31 2025
SECURED LOANS
Rupee Term Loans
- from Banks & NBFCs 89,440.87 91,211.53 25,381.64 28,995.40
- Vehicle Loan & others 333.93 384.05 157.46 136.63
Foreign Currency Term Loans from Banks 1,687.92 5,263.42 1,428.00 2,572.00
91,462.72 96,859.00 26,967.10 31,704.03
UNSECURED LOANS
Loan from Body Corporates 450.00 7,150.00 - -
450.00 7,150.00 - -
Less: Amount disclosed under the head 26,967.10 31,704.03
“Current Borrowings”(Note No. 24)
Total Non- Current Borrowings 91,912.72 1,04,009.00 - -
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 127]]
117
Notes:
1 The Term Loans inter-se, are secured / to be secured by mortgage of all immovable properties of the Company both present
and future and hypothecation of all movable properties of the Company (save and except book debts) including movable
machinery, machinery spares, tools and accessories, both present and future subject to prior charges created and / or to be
created in favour of the bankers of the Company on stocks, book debts and other specified movable properties for working
capital requirements / Buyers Credit.
2 Vehicle Loan & others include loan of ` 491.39 lakh (Previous Year ` 520.68 lakh) secured by hypothecation of Motor Vehicles
purchased there under which is repayable on different date.
3 Term Loan from bank of ` 2,475  lakh (Previous year ` 4,126 lakh), is repayable in 20 quarterly installments commenced from
Nov 22.
4 Term Loan from bank of ` NIL lakh (Previous year ` 3,150), is repayable in 20 quarterly equal installments commenced from
Dec 2024.
5 Term Loan from bank of ` Nil lakh (Previous year ` 1,249 lakh), is repayable in 13 equal quarterly installments commenced from
Mar 23.
6 Term Loan from bank of ` 3,984 lakh (Previous year ` 5,990 lakh), is repayable in 20 equal quarterly installments commenced
from June 23.
7 Term Loan from bank of ` Nil lakh (Previous year ` 500 lakh), is repayable in 48 equal monthly installments commencing from
end of 13th months from the date of disbursement.
8 Term Loan from bank of ` 4,125 lakh (Previous year ` 5,625 lakh), is repayable in 20 quarterly equal installments commenced
from March 2024.
9 Term Loan from bank of ` 2,249 lakh (Previous year ` 3,373 lakh), is repayable in 24 quarterly equal installments commenced
from Feb 2023.
10 Term Loan from bank of ` Nil lakh (Previous year ` 2,674 lakh), is repayable in 24 quarterly equal installments commenced from
Dec 2022.
11 Term Loan from NBFC of ` Nil lakh (Previous year ` 4,275 lakh), is repayable in 24 quarterly equal installments commenced
from Sept 2022.
12 Foreign Currency Term loan (converted from Term loan) from bank of USD Nil (Term loan - Previous Year - USD 4077420.86
(` 3,485 lakh)), is repayable in 28 quarterly installments commenced from Dec 2022.
13 Foreign Currency Term loan (converted from Term loan) from bank of  USD 3285941.47 (Term loan - Previous Year - USD
5089488.72 (` 4,350 lakh)), is repayable in 28 equal quarterly instalments commenced from March 2021.
14 Term Loan from bank of ` 2,481 lakh (Previous year ` 3,065 lakh), is repayable in 24 quarterly equal installments commenced
from Sep 2024.
15 Term Loan from bank of ` 4,500 lakh (Previous year ` 5,500 lakh), is repayable in 24 quarterly equal installments commenced
from Nov 2024.
16 Term Loan from bank of ` 6,597 lakh (Previous year ` 7,500 lakh), is repayable in 24 quarterly installments commenced from
June  2025.
17 Term Loan from bank of ` 3,828 lakh (Previous year ` 4,391 lakh), is repayable in 81 monthly installments commenced from
July 2024.
18 Term Loan from bank of ` Nil lakh (Previous year ` 2,658 lakh), is repayable in 24 quarterly equal installments commenced from
Sep 2024.
19 Term Loan from NBFC of ` Nil lakh (Previous year ` 8,846 lakh), is repayable in 26 quarterly equal installments commenced
from Sept 2024.
20 Term Loan from NBFC of ` 3,654 lakh (Previous year ` 4,423 lakh), is repayable in 26 quarterly equal installments commenced
from Sept 2024.
21 Term Loan from NBFC of ` 7,499 lakh (Previous year ` 9,167 lakh), is repayable in 72 Monthly equal installments commenced
from Oct 2024.
22 Term Loan from NBFC of ` Nil lakh (Previous year ` 4,785 lakh), is repayable in 8 monthly equal installments commenced from
July 2025.
23 Term Loan from Bank of ` 4,107 lakh (Previous year ` 3,294 lakh), is repayable in 28 quarterly equal installments commenced
from Aug 2025.
24 Term Loan from NBFC of ` Nil lakh (Previous year ` 4,642 lakh), is repayable in 28 quarterly equal installments commenced
from Dec 2024.
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 128]]
118
25 Term Loan from Bank of ` 3,831 lakh (Previous year ` 4,442 lakh), is repayable in 28 quarterly equal installments commenced
from Oct 2024.
26 Term Loan from Bank of ` 4,166 lakh (Previous year ` 5,000 lakh), is repayable in 28 quarterly equal installments commenced
from Oct 2025.
27 Term Loan from Bank of ` 6,620 lakh (Previous year ` 7,500 lakh), is repayable in 24 quarterly installments commenced from
May 2025.
28 Term Loan from Bank of ` 3,925 lakh (Previous year ` 4,641 lakh), is repayable in 28 quarterly equal installments commenced
from Nov 2024.
29 Term Loan from Bank of  ` 5,893 lakh (Previous year ` 6,964 lakh), is repayable in 28 quarterly equal installments commenced
from Nov 2024.
30 Term Loan from Bank of ` 3,500 lakh (Previous year ` 2,404 lakh), is repayable in 24 quarterly equal installments commenced
from Aug 2025.
31 Term Loan from NBFC of ` 5,130 lakh (Previous year ` Nil), is repayable in 20 quarterly equal installments commenced from
Oct 2025.
32 Term Loan from Bank of ` 4,666 lakh (Previous year ` Nil), is repayable in 24 quarterly equal installments commenced from Oct
2025.
33 Term Loan from Bank of ` 4,645 lakh (Previous year ` Nil), is repayable in 57 monthly equal installments commenced from Dec
2025.
34 Term Loan from NBFC of ` 2,208 lakh (Previous year ` Nil), is repayable in 60 monthly equal installments commenced from Sep
2025.
35 Term Loan from NBFC of ` 6,514 lakh (Previous year ` Nil), is repayable in 72 monthly equal installments commenced from Nov
2025.
36 Term Loan from Bank of ` 4,375 lakh (Previous year ` Nil), is repayable in 24 quarterly equal installments commenced from July
2025.
37 Term Loan from Bank of ` 7,306 lakh (Previous year ` Nil), is repayable in 21 quarterly equal installments commenced from Dec
2025.
38 Term Loan from Bank of ` 2,450 lakh (Previous year ` Nil), is repayable in 16 quarterly equal installments commenced from Dec
2025.
39 Term Loan from Bank of ` 4,097 lakh (Previous year ` Nil), is repayable in 24 quarterly equal installments commenced from Mar
2026.
40 Loan from Body Corporate of ` Nil lakh (Previous Year ` 3,000 lakh) is repayable only post confirmation from consortium banks
and balance loan of ` 450 lakh (Previous Year ` 4,150 lakh) is payable after one year of balance sheet date.
20. OTHER NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Security Deposits 6,229.48 4,162.25
6,229.48 4,162.25
21. PROVISIONS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Provision for employee benefits
- Leave Encashment 568.27 526.74
568.27 526.74
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 129]]
119
22. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (NET)
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Deferred Tax Assets :-
Amount covered U/s 43B of Income Tax Act, 1961 358.19 244.04
Provision for doubtful debts / advances 257.90 257.90
Others 195.35 115.99
Gross Deferred tax Assets 811.44 617.93
Deferred Tax Liabilities :-
Property, Plant & Equipment 51,322.23 44,855.54
Gross Deferred tax Liability 51,322.23 44,855.54
Net Deferred Tax Liability 50,510.79 44,237.61
23. OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Deferred Income-Govt Grant 271.95 283.87
271.95 283.87
24. CURRENT BORROWINGS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Secured Loans
Loans repayable on demand from Banks:
- Working Capital Loans (In Rupee)* 34,430.62 32,166.23
- Working Capital Loans (In Foreign Currency)* - 12,547.89
Unsecured Working Capital Loans (In Rupee) 4,536.32 -
Current maturities of long term borrowings - Secured (Note No. 19) 26,967.10 31,704.03
65,934.04 76,418.15
* Working Capital Loans from Banks are secured / to be secured by way of hypothecation of book debts and stocks including in-tr ansit and other specified
movable properties and second charge on all immovable properties of the Company. Buyers Credit facility is secured against non- fund based facility sanctioned
to the Company.
25. TRADE PAYABLES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Payable to Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises - -
Payable to Others 78,770.58 97,914.20
Disputed dues (MSMEs) 16.61 16.61
Disputed dues (Others) - -
78,787.19 97,930.81
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 130]]
120
Ageing of Trade payables (````` in Lakh)
Particulars Outstanding for the following periods from the due date of payment
Less than 1-2 years 2-3 years More than Total
1 year 3 years
As at March 31, 2026
(i) MSME -
(ii) Others 77,671.87 470.99 464.63 163.09 78,770.58
(iii) Disputed dues-MSME 16.61 16.61
(iv) Disputed Dues-Others --
Total 77,671.87 470.99 464.63 179.70 78,787.19
As at March 31, 2025
(i) MSME -- -- -
(ii) Others 96,794.44 496.35 451.17 172.24 97,914.20
(iii) Disputed dues-MSME - - - 16.61 16.61
(iv) Disputed Dues-Others - -
Total 96,794.44 496.35 451.17 188.85 97,930.81
26. OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Interest accrued but not due on borrowings 128.53 116.17
Capital Payables 12,103.80 14,876.80
Retention Money 9,948.28 8,945.49
Expenses payable (Including derivative liabilities) 9,978.52 8,368.81
Investor education & protection fund shall be credited
by the following amounts when due:
(i) Unclaimed Dividends 773.04 181.25
(ii) Unclaimed matured deposits - -
(iii) Unclaimed interest on above (ii) - -
Other Payables 7,048.23 4,969.05
39,980.40 37,457.57
27. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Duties, taxes and other statutory dues 1,409.15 1,659.64
Advance from Customers 10,542.23 15,529.17
Deferred Income Govt Grant & others 11.92 11.92
Other Payables 739.50 678.75
12,702.80 17,879.48
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 131]]
121
28. CURRENT PROVISIONS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Provision for employee benefits
- Gratuity 489.00 -
- Leave Encashment 267.45 303.94
756.45 303.94
29. REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
a) Sales of Products
Glycols & Others 1,05,524.65 1,17,661.03
Power Alcohol (DAE) 1,46,993.42 1,04,355.26
Guar Gum Powder and derivatives 3,838.29 3,670.94
Ethyl Alcohol (Potable) 6,75,477.84 6,30,631.62
Industrial Gases 4,570.45 5,789.88
Sale of traded goods 19,074.15 11,027.98
Nutraceutical 20,543.21 21,678.30
9,76,022.01 8,94,815.01
b) Sales of Service 1,303.19 1,585.62
1,303.19 1,585.62
c) Other Operating Revenue
Provision no longer required/ Sundry balances written back 227.72 2,046.59
Export Incentive 557.15 553.37
Miscellaneous Income 4,509.92 4,781.09
5,294.79 7,381.05
Total Revenue from operations 9,82,619.99 9,03,781.68
30. OTHER INCOME
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Interest 331.68 1,300.88
Rent 21.13 27.79
Profit on sale of Property, Plant & Equipment 128.25 114.76
Dividend Income 3,858.00 -
Govt Grants 11.92 11.92
4,350.98 1,455.35
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 132]]
122
31. COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Raw Materials 2,08,356.02 1,98,080.47
Packing Materials 32,886.82 36,500.30
2,41,242.84 2,34,580.77
32. PURCHASE OF STOCK-IN-TRADE
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Chemical and Others 18,845.90 11,179.58
18,845.90 11,179.58
33. CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS, WORK- IN-PROGRESS AND STOCK-IN-TRADE
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
CLOSING STOCK
Finished Goods 11,542.60 18,528.25
Work-in-Process 9,638.75 9,111.53
Residue Product 380.08 13.66
21,561.43 27,653.44
OPENING STOCK
Finished Goods 18,528.25 12,812.25
Work-in-Process 9,111.53 9,791.34
Residue Product 13.66 3.53
27,653.44 22,607.12
Change in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and Stock-in-trade 6,092.01 (5,046.32)
34. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Salaries, Wages, Allowances, etc. 11,707.34 10,644.49
Contribution to Provident and other Funds 850.04 820.87
Employees’ Welfare and other Benefits 511.82 623.96
13,069.20 12,089.32
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 133]]
123
35. FINANCE COSTS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Interest on Fixed Loans 8,907.37 6,911.56
Other Interest 6,201.85 6,935.35
Other Borrowing Cost
Financial Charges 1,724.14 2,727.41
16,833.36 16,574.32
Less: Interest Received on temporary deposits 114.93 136.83
16,718.43 16,437.49
a) Forex losses treated as finance cost ` 184.48 lakh (previous year ` 131.28 Lakh) as per IND AS 23 -Borrowing Costs.
b) Net of ` 2216.01 Lakh (previous year ` 2615.36 Lakh) interest capitalised during the year as per IND AS 23- Borrowing Costs.
36. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSE
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Depreciation on Property, Plant & Equipment 12,103.69 10,616.04
Depreciation on Right to use assets 3,402.20 870.65
Depreciation on Investment Property 3.12 5.72
Amortisation on other intangible assets 28.60 27.08
15,537.61 11,519.49
37. OTHER EXPENSES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Stores and spares consumed 6,800.55 8,548.96
Power and Fuel 40,050.22 36,187.89
Repairs and Maintenance
- Buildings 376.58 568.26
- Plant and Equipment 4,632.60 4,213.72
- Others 984.53 736.11
Rent 1,066.56 1,015.03
Rates and Taxes 5,214.26 3,761.82
Travelling and Conveyance 1,286.60 1,118.67
Insurance 1,851.06 1,250.75
Directors’ sitting Fee 23.60 22.00
Commission to Selling agents 2,113.61 1,876.16
Freight forwarding and others(Net of recovery from customers/provision written back) 7,417.35 5,924.68
Exchange Fluctuation loss/ (gain) (Net) * 1,371.99 4,192.72
Loss on Sale / Discard of Property, Plant & Equipment 2.74 13.23
Legal & Professional 813.53 1,022.54
Printing & Stationery, Postage, Telephone, security and other Miscellaneous Expenses 3,184.46 2,777.59
77,190.24 73,230.13
*Net of Forex losses treated as finance cost ` 184.48 Lakh (Previous Year ` 131.28 Lakh) as per IND AS 23- Borrowing Costs
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 134]]
124
38. (A) Contingent Liabilities not Provided For:-
(i) In respect of:- (````` in Lakh)
Sl. Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
No. March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
1 Central Excise/ State Excise @ 2,096.02 1,134.65
2 Customs 993.45 971.74
3 Service Tax 13.80 13.80
4 Goods & Service Tax 236.12 585.92
5 Other matters 287.44 287.44
Total 3,626.83 2,993.55
@Excluding show cause notice (SCNs), where management is confident that on merits SCNs will be dropped and also as legally advis ed
possibility of an outflow of fund is remote.
(ii) Bills discounted with banks/others ` 267.97 Lakh (Previous Year: ` 646.70 Lakh).
B) Custom duty saved on import of raw material under Advance License pending fulfillment of export obligation amounting
to ` 554.75 Lakh (Previous Year ` 484.21 Lakh). The Management is of the view that considering the past export
performance and future prospects there is certainty that pending export obligation under advance licenses will be
fulfilled before expiry of the validity of respective advance licenses, accordingly and also on “Going Concern Concept”
basis there is no need to make any provision for custom duty saved.
39. Estimated amount of remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for (net of advances contracts of
` 232.88 Lakh (Previous Year ` 353.94 Lakh) are ` 3,443.02 Lakh (Previous Year ` 6,374.74 Lakh).
40. In the earlier years, the State Government of Uttar Pradesh (UP) had imposed a levy of license fee on transfer of alcohol
from the distillery to the chemical plant. The levy was challenged by the Company in the Hon’ble Supreme Court and on
October 18, 2006 the matter was finally decided by The Hon’ble Supreme Court in favour of the Company. Accordingly,
Company had filed an application for refund of amount paid ` 507.05 Lakh (Previous Year ` 507.05 Lakh) (shown as
recoverable under the head “Other Current Assets”) with State Government of Uttarakhand, which is still pending for
refund of the amount.
41. In the earlier year, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) issued summons to the Company in connection with investigation
in respect to import of Denatured Ethyl Alcohol by importer other than manufacturer of Excisable Goods and as per DRI,
Company was not eligible for lower rate of BCD @ 2.5% under notification no. 50/2017 dated 30.06.2017. The Company
has filed Writ Petition before Gujarat High Court that Company is eligible to avail benefit of concessional rate of 2.5% BCD
on import of DEA and for quashing of investigations initiated by DRI. The Gujarat High Court has directed Customs
Department not to pass final order till the pendency of Writ Petition Vide order dated 17.10.2024
Thereafter, a Show Cause notice no. 06//PC/2022-23 dated 03.08.2022 was issued alleging incorrect availment of Basic
Customs Duty @2.5% instead of 5% during 01.07.2017 to 01.02.2021, as the imported DEA was not used for manufacture
of Excisable Goods in terms of amended definition of Excisable Goods which now means to include only (a) Petroleum, (b)
High Speed Diesel, (c) Motor Spirit, (d) Natural Gas, (e) Aviation Turbine Fuel, and (f) Tobacco.
Upon hearing, the Additional Commissioner has vide Order-in-Original No. 69/ADC/NOIDA-CUS/2023-24 dated 23.03.2024
has confirmed the duty demand of ` 4,093.05 lakh along with interest and has also imposed Redemption fine of ` 19,175.83
lakh and penalty of ` 4,100.00 lakh under sec 112(a)(i) of customs act and penalty of ` 4,100.00 lakh under Sec. 114AA of
customs act and has also appropriated the amount of ` 750.00 lakh (Previous Year ` 750.00 Lakh) paid against the duty
demand under protest is shown as recoverable from department, under the head “Other Current Assets”. The Company
had filed an appeal before Commissioner of Customs (Appeals), GST Bhawan, NOIDA against the impugned Order-in-
Original. Vide Order-in-Appeal dated 27.02.2026, the Commissioner of Customs (Appeals) has partially allowed the
Company’s appeal and upheld the impugned order in respect of the demand of ` 3,343.00 lakh towards short-paid duty,
along with applicable interest and penalty. The penalties aggregating to ` 4100.00 lakh and the redemption fine of
` 19175.83 lakh have, however, been set aside. The Company is in the process of filing an appeal against the said Order-
in-Appeal before the CESTAT, Allahabad.
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 135]]
125
42. The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 4th February 2025, had approved the Composite Scheme of
Arrangement (“Scheme”) involving amalgamation of Kashipur Holdings Limited (“KHL”) into the Company and Demerger
of the Bio Pharma undertaking into a separate undertaking, namely, Ennature Bio Pharma Limited and Spirits & Biofuel
Undertaking into a separate undertaking, namely, IGL Spirits Limited (“Demerger”) to be listed on both the stock exchanges.
Further, the Scheme was subject to the requisite approvals and sanctions of the jurisdictional bench of National Company
Law Tribunal and also subject to the approval of the shareholders and / or creditors of IGL, Central Government, or such
other competent authority or intermediaries or agencies etc., as may be directed by the NCLT.
Further, post deliberations, to continue value creation for its stakeholders, the Board of Directors in its meeting held on
16th May 2025 had decided to exclusively focus on Demerger as described in the above paragraph. The earlier proposal for
the amalgamation of KHL into the Company will no longer form part of the Scheme being pursued. The proposed modification
does not affect any stakeholders, including shareholders, creditors, or employees. There will be no adverse implication on
the existing public shareholders of Transferee Company as they will continue to own the same percentage of shares in the
Company. The appointed date for the Scheme of Arrangement is 1 st April 2026.
The parent company had filed applications with the Stock Exchanges for their No Objection/Observation Letters on the
Scheme of Arrangement and received No Objection/Observation Letters from National Stock Exchange of India Limited
and BSE Limited on 17 th and 19th November 2025, respectively. Thereafter, the parent company had filed its First Motion
Application before the Hon’ble NCLT, Allahabad Bench, Prayagraj (“NCLT”). The NCLT has allowed the application inter-
alia, vide Order dated 15th January 2026 read with Order dated 16 th February 2026, has directed the parent company to
convened separate meetings of Equity Shareholders and Unsecured Creditor on 24 th March, 2026 at which the Scheme
was duly approved.
Thereafter, the parent company filed an application with the NCLT under the provisions of the Act for sanction of the
Scheme. The application was admitted by the NCLT vide its Order dated 9 th April 2026, and the matter is scheduled for
further hearing on 21 st May 2026.
43. (a) (i) In earlier year the company had given (included in current Loan) Inter Corporate Deposit (ICD) of ` 14,649.64
Lakh- -(Previous Year ` 14,649.64 Lakh) to its subsidiary IGL Finance Ltd. (IGLFL) (A 100% subsidiary). IGLFL in
earlier year had invested funds for short term in commodity financing contracts offered by National Spot Exchange
Ltd. (NSEL). NSEL had defaulted in settling the contracts on due dates, for which IGLFL has initiated legal and
other action and in turn IGLFL did not pay back due amount to the company. Accordingly considering the prudence
no interest on above ICD has been accrued for the period from 01-09-2013 onwards.
(ii) In respect of the above, the Company has made a loss allowance of ` 11,719.71 Lakh based on expected credit
loss Policy and other estimation made by the management and for balance ` 2,041.93 Lakh (and also fully
provided for against equity investment of ` 125.00 Lakh), the management and IGLFL is confident for recovery of
dues from NSEL over a period of time and hence shown as good (considering the measure which have so far
been taken for and pending before the Govt. and other authorities and current scenario/present state of affairs.).
However, during the earlier year, the Company has written off ICD of ` 11,719.71 Lakh and adjusted the same
against the provision, which was created in earlier year. Hence there was no impact on profitability of the company.
(b) In earlier years, Company has Investment of ` 27.41 Lakh & ` 127.00 lakh in equity share capital in subsidiaries
namely IGL CHEM International PTE Ltd, Singapore & IGL CHEM International USA LLC respectively, whose net
worth has been fully eroded. In the Financial Year 2023-24, the company created the provision for diminution in value
of investment for the same.
44. The disclosures required under IND AS 19 “Employee Benefits” are as given below:
A) Defined Contribution plan
Contribution to Defined Contribution Plan, recognized as expense for the Year is as under:
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Company’s contribution to provident fund 804.33 770.65
B) Defined Benefit Plan :
The employees’ gratuity fund scheme managed by a trust is a defined benefit plan. The present value of obligation is
determined based on actuarial valuation using by projected unit credit method in case of gratuity and Leave Encashment.
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 136]]
126
a) Reconciliation of opening and closing Balance of Defined Benefit Obligation ( ````` in Lakh)
Particulars Gratuity Gratuity Leave Leave
(Funded) (Funded) encashment encashment
March 31, March 31, (Unfunded) (Unfunded)
2026 2025 March 31, March 31,
2026  2025
Present value of obligation at the beginning 3,750.33 3,329.42 830.68 759.52
of the year
Liability Transfer In/Out - - - -
Current service cost 275.98 254.09 117.51 100.16
Interest cost 243.77 236.39 53.99 53.93
Benefits paid (250.35) (223.53) (73.80) (66.19)
Remeasurements - actuarial loss/(gain)
arising from:
- Changes in demographic assumptions - - (131.68) -
- Change in financial assumptions (26.94) 72.10 (6.09) 13.23
- Experience variance (i.e. actual - 52.42 81.86 30.44 (29.96)
experience vs assumptions)
Past service cost, including losses/(gains) 68.22 14.67 -
on curtailments
Present value of obligation at the end of year 4,113.43 3,750.33 835.72 830.68
b) Changes in the fair value of plan assets – Gratuity ( ````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 3,827.23 3,443.48
Interest Income 248.77 244.49
Employer contributions - 325.00
Benefits paid (250.35) (223.53)
Return on plan assets, excluding amount recognized in net (201.22) 37.79
interest expense
Fair value of plan assets at end of year 3,624.43 3,827.23
Present value of obligation 4,113.43 3,750.33
Net funded status of plan (489.00) 76.90
The components of gratuity and leave encashment are as follows:
c) Expenses recognized in the statement of profit & loss ( ````` in Lakh)
Particulars Gratuity Gratuity Leave Leave
(Funded) (Funded) encashment encashment
March 31, March 31, (Unfunded) (Unfunded)
2026 2025 March 31, March 31,
2026  2025
Current service cost 344.20 254.09 132.18 100.16
Net interest income /(Cost) on the Net (5.00) (8.10) 53.99 53.93
Defined Benefit Liability(Asset)
Re-measurements - Actuarial loss/ (gain) (107.34) (16.74)
Defined benefit cost recognized in 339.20 245.99 78.83 137.35
statement of Profit & loss.
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 137]]
127
d) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income ( ````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
1. Actuarial loss/ (gain)
- Change in demographic assumptions - -
- Change in financial assumptions (26.94) 72.10
- Experience variance (i.e. actual experience vs assumptions) 52.42 81.86
2. Return on plan assets, excluding amount recognized in net 201.22 (37.79)
interest expense
Component of defined benefit costs recognized in other 226.70 116.17
comprehensive income
e) Investment Detail
All Investments are made with trust
f) The principal actuarial assumptions used for estimating the Company’s defined benefit obligations for
gratuity and leave encashment are set out below:
Actuarial assumptions As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Discount Rate 6.70% 6.50%
Expected Rate of increase in salary 5.00% 5.00%
Withdrawal rate 10% p.a 10% p.a
Expected Average remaining working lives of employees (years) 18.66 18.57
The principal assumptions are the discount rate & salary growth rate. The discount rate is generally based upon
the market yields available on Government bonds. The estimate of rate of escalation in salary considered in
actuarial valuation, taken into account inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant factors including supply
and demand in the employment market.
g) Sensitivity analysis: (````` in Lakh)
Particulars Change in Increase/ Increase/ Increase/ Increase/
Assumptions (decrease) (decrease) (Decrease) (Decrease)
in Gratuity in Gratuity in Leave in Leave
Obligations Obligations Encashment Encashment
March 31, March 31, Obligations Obligations
2026 2025 March 31, March 31,
2026  2025
Discount rate +1% (127.53) (118.05) (28.89) (21.23)
-1% 139.92 129.41 31.62 22.73
Salary Growth rate +1% 140.89 130.05 31.83 22.84
-1% (130.69) (120.76) (29.61) (21.72)
The above sensitivity analysis is based on change in an assumption while holding all other assumption constant
in practice, this is unlikely to occur, and change in some of the assumption may be correlated. When calculating
the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to significant actuarial assumption the same method [projected unit
credit method] has been applied as when calculating the defined benefit obligation recognized within the balance
sheet.
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 138]]
128
Estimate of expected benefit payments ( ````` in Lakh)
Particulars Gratuity Leave
Encashment
01 Apr 2026 to 31 Mar 2027 1,761.93 276.27
01 Apr 2027 to 31 Mar 2028 532.39 127.58
01 Apr 2028 to 31 Mar 2029 407.67 100.89
01 Apr 2029 to 31 Mar 2030 433.72 106.59
01 Apr 2030 to 31 Mar 2031 415.75 85.52
01 Apr 2031 Onwards 1,850.21 426.99
45. Financial risk management objectives and Policies
The Company's activities are exposed to a variety of financial risks from its operations. The key financial risks include
market risk (including foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and commodity risk etc.), credit risk and liquidity risk. The
company's overall risk management policy seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on company's financial performance.
(i) Market Risk:  Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flow of a financial instruments will fluctuate
because of change in market prices. Market risk comprises mainly three types of risk: interest rate, currency risk and
other price risk such as commodity price risk.
(a) Foreign Currency Risk:  Foreign Currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure
will fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The company has obtained foreign currency borrowing
and has foreign currency trade payable and receivable and is therefore, exposed to foreign currency risk.
After taking cognizance of the natural hedge, the company takes appropriate hedge to mitigate its risk resulting
from fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rate(s).
Foreign Currency sensitivity:  The following table demonstrate the sensitivity to a reasonable possible change
in Foreign Currency with all other variable held constant. The impact on company's profit/(loss) before tax is due
to change in the foreign exchange rate for:
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Change in USD + 1% + 1%
Effect on profit/(loss) before tax (295.69) (155.46)
Change in USD -1% -1%
Effect on profit/(loss) before tax 295.69 155.46
(b) Interest rate risk:-  Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will
fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. Any change in the interest rates environment may impact
future rates of borrowings. The company mitigates this risk by regularly assessing the market scenario, finding
appropriate financial instruments, interest rate negotiation with the lenders for ensuring the cost effective method
of financing.
Interest Rate Sensitivity:  The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonable possible change in
interest rate on financial assets affected. With all other variable held constant, the company's profit before tax is
affected through the impact on finance cost with respect to our borrowings, as follows:
A change in 25 basis points in interest rates would have following impact on profit before tax.
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Change in basis point +25 +25
Effect on profit before tax (382.15) (433.19)
Change in basis point -25 -25
Effect on profit before tax 382.15 433.19
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 139]]
129
(c) Commodity Price risk:  The Company is affected by the price volatility of certain commodities. Its operating
activities require the purchase of raw material therefore, requires a continuous supply of certain raw materials. To
mitigate the commodity price risk, the Company has an approved supplier base to get competitive prices for the
commodities and to assess the market to manage the cost without any comprise on quality.
(ii) Credit Risk:
Credit risk refers to risk that a counter party will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the
Company. Credit risk arises primarily from financial assets such as trade receivables, Inter Corporate deposit, derivative
financial instruments, other balances with banks, loans and other receivables. The Company's exposure to credit risk
is disclosed in Note 6, 7, 8, 11, 14 & 15.
Credit risk arising from investment in derivative financial instruments and other balances with banks is limited and
there is no collateral held against these because the counter parties are banks and recognised financial institutions
with high credit ratings.
The Company applies expected credit losses (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of loss allowance on the
following:
i. Trade receivables
ii. Financial assets measured at amortized cost (other than trade receivables)
In case of trade receivables, the Company follows a simplified approach wherein an amount equal to lifetime ECL is
measured and recognized as loss allowance.
The ageing of the trade receivables are given below: (````` in Lakh)
Particulars Due Ageing
Less than 6 Months 1-2 years 2-3 years More than Total
6 Months - 1 Year 3 years
As at 31st March, 2026
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables-considered 33,526.26 382.10 380.16 351.86 556.62 35,197.00
good
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables- which - - - - - -
have significant increase in Credit Risk
(iii) Undisputed Trade Receivables-Credit impaired - - - - - -
(iv)Disputed Trade Receivables-considered good - - - 4.37 64.62 68.99
(v) Disputed Trade Receivables-which have - - - - - -
significant increase in Credit Risk
(vi)Disputed Trade Receivables-Credit impaired - - - - 528.79 528.79
Provision/Allowance for Doubtful Receivables - - - - -528.79 -528.79
Net Total 33,526.26 382.10 380.16 356.23 621.24 35,265.99
As at 31st March, 2025
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables-considered 34,794.52 359.38 348.63 430.13 604.66 36,537.32
good
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables-which - - - - - -
have significant increase in Credit Risk
(iii) Undisputed Trade Receivables-Credit impaired - - - - - -
(iv)Disputed Trade Receivables-considered good - - - 0.01 66.46 66.47
(v) Disputed Trade Receivables-which have - - - - - -
significant increase in Credit Risk
(vi)Disputed Trade Receivables-Credit impaired - - - - 528.79 528.79
Provision/Allowance for Doubtful Receivables - - - - -528.79 -528.79
Net Total 34,794.52 359.38 348.63 430.14 671.12 36,603.79
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 140]]
130
ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) recognized during the period is recognized as income/ expense in the
Statement of Profit and Loss under the head 'Other expenses'. The balance sheet presentation for financial instruments
is described below:
Financial assets measured as at amortised cost: ECL is presented as an allowance, i.e., as an integral part of the
measurement of those assets in the balance sheet. The allowance reduces the net carrying amount. Until the asset
meets write-off criteria, the company does not reduce impairment allowance from the gross carrying amount.
(iii) Liquidity Risk: Liquidity risk is the risk, where the company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated
with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The company's approach to
ensure, as far as possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due.
The table below summarizes the maturity profile of company's financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted
payments: -
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at March 31, 2025
Carrying On < 1 Year 1 to 2 > 2 years Total
Amount Demand Years
Interest bearing Borrowings 1,80,427.15 44,714.12 31,704.03 32,136.34 71,872.66 1,80,427.15
Other Liabilities 50,345.87 - 39,485.13 6,380.01 4,480.73 50,345.87
Trade Payable 97,930.81 - 97,930.81 - - 97,930.81
Total 3,28,703.83 44,714.12 1,69,120.06 38,516.35 76,353.39 3,28,703.83
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at March 31, 2026
Carrying On < 1 Year 1 to 2 > 2 years Total
Amount Demand Years
Interest bearing Borrowings 1,57,846.76 38,966.94 26,967.10 27,431.97 64,480.75 1,57,846.76
Other Liabilities 57,423.72 - 43,081.22 9,129.57 5,212.93 57,423.72
Trade Payable 78,787.19 - 78,787.19 - - 78,787.19
Total 294,057.67 38,966.94 148,835.51 36,561.54 69,693.68 294,057.67
46. Capital risk management
The Company's policy is to maintain an adequate capital base so as to maintain creditor and market confidence and to
sustain future development. Capital includes issued capital, share premium and all other equity reserves attributable to
equity holders. The primary objective of the Company's capital management is to maintain an optimal structure so as to
maximize the shareholder's value. In order to strengthen the capital base, the company may use appropriate means to
enhance or reduce capital, as the case may be.
The Company is not subject to any external imposed capital requirement. The company monitors capital using a gearing
ratio, which is net debt divided by total capital plus net debt. Net Debt is calculated as borrowings less cash and cash
equivalents.
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Borrowings 1,57,846.76 1,80,427.15
Less : Cash and Cash equivalents 3,106.47 651.05
Net debt 1,54,740.29 1,79,776.10
Equity Share Capital 3,351.34 3,096.15
Other Equity 2,50,392.50 1,84,008.31
Total Capital 2,53,743.84 1,87,104.46
Capital and net debt 4,08,484.13 3,66,880.56
Gearing ratio 37.88% 49.00%
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 141]]
131
Sanitation and safe drinking water,
Healthcare, Promoting education,
Environment and Sustainability, Rural
Development and Disaster management,
Women Empowerment, Training to
promote Paralympic and Olympic sports,
Promotional and development of
traditional art and handicrafts.
47. Corporate social responsibility (CSR)
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Amount required to be spent by the company 388.95 326.01
during the year
Amount spent during the year 423.60 353.25
Amount of setoff availed during the year 27.24 -
Shortfall at the end of the year NIL NIL
Total of previous years shortfall NIL NIL
Reason for shortfall NA NA
Nature of CSR Activities Sanitation and safe drinking water,
Healthcare, Promoting education,
Environment and Sustainability, Rural
Development and Disaster management,
Women Empowerment and, Training to
promote rural sports.
Details of Related party transactions NIL NIL
Disclosure for excess CSR spent and carried forward for set-off in next year is as under:
(````` in Lakh)
Financial Year Opening Amount required Amount spent Amount Lapse/ Closing
Balance to be spent during during the year Not Utilized Balance
the year
2025-26 27.24 388.95 423.60 - 61.89
2024-25 2.49 326.01 353.25 2.49 27.24
48. As required by section 22 of The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 the following information is
disclosed:
(````` in Lakh)
S. Particular As at As at
No. March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
a) The principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier at the end of the year 16.61 16.61
b) Interest due remaining unpaid to any supplier at the end of the year
c) The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the - -
MSMED Act, 2006, along with the amount of the payment made to the
supplier beyond the appointed day during the year
d) The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making - -
payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the
year) but without adding the interest specified under the MSMED Act,2006
d) The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of the - -
accounting year.
e) The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in succeeding - -
years, until such date when the interest dues above are actually paid to the
small enterprises, for the purpose of disallowance of a deductible expenditure
under section 23 of the MSMED Act, 2006
Disclosure of payable to vendors as defined under the "Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006" is
based on the information available with the company regarding the status of registration of such vendors under the said
Act, as per the intimation received from them on requests made by the Company. There are no overdue principal amounts/
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 142]]
132
interest payable amounts for delayed payments to such vendors at the Balance Sheet date. There are no delays in payment
made to such suppliers during the year or for any earlier years and accordingly there is no interest paid or outstanding
interest in this regard in respect of payment made during the year or on balance brought forward from previous year.
49. Other Particulars:
(a) Details of Loan given during the year covered under Section 186(4) of the Companies Act, 2013 :
Nil
(b) Disclosure pursuant to regulation 34(3) & 53(F) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Outstanding as at Maximum Outstanding as at Maximum
31st March, 2026 Amount 31 st March, 2025 Amount
Outstanding Outstanding
during 2025-26 during 2024-25
Loans Given to Subsidiaries
IGL Finance Limited* 2041.93 2041.93 2041.93 2041.93
*Gross : without considering provision made against such loans/advances.
(c) C.I.F. Value of Imports:
(````` in Lakh)
S. No. Particular 2025-26 2024-25
i) Capital Goods/Catalyst 7,766.59 5,272.18
ii) Stores & Spares 63.08 376.92
iii) Raw Materials 49,207.65 63,583.37
(d) Payment to Auditors (Exclusive of GST))
(````` in Lakh)
S. No. Particular 2025-26 2024-25
i) As Auditor 40.00 34.00
ii) In other capacity in respect of
(a) Out of Pocket Expenses 1.52 1.62
(b) Certification and other matters 33.54 31.55
(e) Cost Auditors (Exclusive of GST)
(````` in Lakh)
S. No. Particular 2025-26 2024-25
i) Audit Fees 4.50 4.00
ii) Out of Pocket Expenses 0.14 0.12
50. Expenditure on Research & Development:
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Capital 202.79 153.88
Revenue 705.28 888.41
Total 908.07 1,042.29
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 143]]
133
51. Derivative financial instruments
A. Commodity and Foreign Exchange Derivatives and exposures.
(a) Outstanding at the year- end as follows
Nature of Instruments 2025-26 2025-26 2024-25 2024-25
Amount Amount Amount Amount
(FC in millions) ( ````` in Lakh) (FC in millions) ( ````` in Lakh)
Forward Contracts / Options - USD 3.73 3,534.49 52.86 45,182.09
Open foreign exchange exposures:
Export debtors Net of Packing Credit - (16.27) (15,432.38) (11.14) (9,518.16)
USD
Payable - USD 14.91 14,136.33 7.34 6,277.81
(B) The Company has derivative instruments for hedging possible losses and exchange fluctuation losses. During the
year company has incurred net off gain of ` 107.53 Lakh (previous year ` 417.99 Lakh -loss) out of which gain of
` 93.24 Lakh (previous year loss of ` 448.53 Lakh) relating to provision for mark to market gain/loss on account of
outstanding financial transactions as on 31 st March 2026.
52. Fair valuation techniques
The Company maintains policies and procedures to value financial assets or financial liabilities using the best and most
relevant data available. The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount that would be
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date.
(````` in Lakh)
Particular As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Carrying Fair Value Carrying Fair Value
amount Amount
(i) Financial Assets
At Amortized Cost
Investment in subsidiaries and joint 4.00 4.00 4.00 4.00
venture
Trade Receivable 35,265.99 35,265.99 36,603.79 36,603.79
Others 12,776.84 12,776.84 17,274.28 17,274.28
Total 48,046.83 48,046.83 53,882.07 53,882.07
(ii) Financial Liabilities
(a) At Fair value through Profit & Loss
-  Forward contract & Options (93.24) (93.24) 448.53 448.53
(b) At Amortized Cost
-  Borrowing 1,57,846.76 1,57,846.76 1,80,427.15 1,80,427.15
-  Trade payable 78,787.19 78,787.19 97,930.81 97,930.81
-  Others 57,516.96 57,516.96 50,345.87 50,345.87
Total (a) + (b) 2,94,057.67 2,94,057.67 3,29,152.36 3,29,152.36
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
1) Fair value of cash and deposits, trade receivables, trade payables, and other current financial assets and liabilities
approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.
2) Fair value of borrowings from banks and other non-current financial liabilities, are estimated by discounting future
cash flows using rates currently available for debt on similar terms and remaining maturities.
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 144]]
134
3) Other non-current receivables are evaluated by the Company, based on parameters such as interest rates, individual
creditworthiness of the counterparty etc. Based on this evaluation, allowances are taken to account for the expected
losses of these receivables.
4) The fair values of derivatives are calculated using the RBI reference rate as on the reporting date as well as other
variable parameters.
Fair Value hierarchy
All financial assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured in the financial statements are categorised within the fa ir
value hierarchy, described as follows: -
Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets.
Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly.
Level 3 - Inputs that are not based on observable market data.
The following table presents the fair value measurement hierarchy of financial assets and liabilities, which have been
measured subsequent to initial recognition at fair value as at 31 st March, 2026 and 31 st March 2025:
(````` in Lakh)
Assets / Liabilities measured at fair value (Accounted) As at March 31, 2026
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Financial assets
Derivatives -Forward contracts & Options -9 3 . 2 4 -
Financial liabilities - - -
(````` in Lakh)
Assets / Liabilities measured at fair value (Accounted) As at March 31, 2025
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Financial assets -- -
Financial liabilities
Derivatives -Forward contracts & Options - 448.53 -
During the year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value
measurements, and no transfer into and out of Level 3 fair value measurements. There is no transaction / balance under
level 3.
53. (a) Capital work-in-progress includes machinery under installation, buildings under construction, construction/ erection
material in hand and other assets and also includes the following pre-operative expenses:
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Amount brought forward from previous year 2,447.00 1,468.15
Raw Material & Chemical Consumed 429.70 645.34
Salaries, wages and allowances etc. 1,971.98 1,856.34
Contribution to Provident and Other Fund 208.75 164.33
Staff Welfare Expenses 13.46 11.70
Legal & Professional Charges 965.63 871.44
Travelling and Conveyance 4.48 135.33
Interest on Fixed Loans 2,216.01 2,615.37
Power & Fuel 1,900.50 1,670.90
Miscellaneous Expenses 602.19 284.20
10,759.70 9,723.10
Less: Transferred / Capitalised during the year 10,209.03 7,276.10
Balance carried Forward 550.67 2,447.00
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 145]]
135
54. Earnings per share (EPS)
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Net profit/ (loss) for the year attributable to equity shareholders ( ` in Lakh) 28,232.73 18,038.26
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding * 6,37,12,813 6,19,23,000
Basic and diluted earnings per share (face value of ` 5 each) (`)* 44.31 29.13
Calculation of Weighted average number of equity shares
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Opening number of equity shares 6,19,23,000 *6,19,23,000
Add: Weighted shares issued during the year (Preferential issue, 17,89,813 -
allotment on dated 24 th Nov 2025, 51,03,765*128/365)
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 6,37,12,813 6,19,23,000
*Previous year numbers has been adjusted for the share splits effected during the current year (Refer note 18(g)).
55. Related Parties Disclosure (As identified by the management):
(i) Relationships:
A. Holding Company
- Kashipur Holdings Limited (w.e.f. 02.12.2024 till 23.11.2025)
B. Subsidiary Companies
- IGL Finance Limited (IGLFL)
- IGLCHEM International PTE. Ltd. (IGLCHEM)
- IGLCHEM International USA LLC (IGLCHEM US)
- Ennature Bio Pharma Limited (Formerly known as Ennature Bio Pharma Private Limited)
- IGL Chemicals and Services Private Limited (ICSPL)
- IGL Spirits Limited (ISL) (w.e.f. 25.11.2024)
C. Key Management Personnel
- U. S. Bhartia (Chairman and Managing Director)
- Pragya Bhartia Barwale (Executive Director)
- Alok Singhal (Executive Director)
- Jayshree Bhartia (Non - Executive Director)
- Pradip Kumar Khaitan (Independent Director) (Till 30.09.2024)
- Jitender Balakrishnan (Independent Director) (Till 30.09.2024)
- Ravi Jhunjhunwala (Independent Director) (Till 30.09.2024)
- Jagmohan N. Kejriwal (Independent Director) (Till 30.09.2024)
- Ravi Kumar (Independent Director) (w.e.f. 02.02.2024)
- Shukla Wassan (Independent Director)
- Sushil Dutt Salwan (Independent Director) (w.e.f. 01.10.2024)
- Samrat Banerjee (Independent Director) (w.e.f. 01.10.2024)
- Rupark Sarswat (Chief Executive Officer)
- Anand Singhal (Chief Financial Officer)
- Ankur Jain (Company Secretary)
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 146]]
136
D. Relatives of Key Management Personnel
- Executors to the estate of Late Sajani devi Bhartia
- Shirish Barwale
- Pooja Jhaver
- Vedant Jhaver
- Anand Singhal (HUF)
E. Enterprises over which Key Management Personnel have significant influence:
- Ajay Commercial Co. (P) Ltd.
- J. B. Commercial Co. (P) Ltd.
- Kashipur Holdings Limited (w.e.f. 24.11.2025)
- Polylink Polymers (India) Ltd.
- Hindustan Wires Limited
- Facit Commosales (P) Ltd.
- J. Boseck & Co. (P) Ltd.
- IGL Infrastructure Private Limited. (IGL Infra)
- Khaitan & Company (Till 30.09.2024)
- Khaitan & company LLP (Till 30.09.2024)
- Lund & Blockley Pvt. Ltd
- Sukhvarsha Distributors Pvt. Ltd
- KHL Finance Limited (Formerly known as HWL Traders Limited)
- Supreet Vyapaar Private Ltd (merged with Kashipur Holdings Limited on 02.12.2024)
F. Joint Venture Enterprise
- Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited
G. Trust under company control
- India Glycols Limited Employees Group Gratuity Trust Scheme
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 147]]
137
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
(````` in Lakh)
Related Party Holding Subsidiaries Significant Influence Joint Venture Key Managerial Person Relative of KMP
Transaction Summary 2026 2025 2026 2025 2026 2025 2026 2025 2026 2025 2026 2025
Purchase of Material - - - -- 14.78 102.00 - -
Sale of Material - - 459.88 850.60 1,377.34 3,034.91 40,796.19 48,114.94 - -
Legal & Professional Fee - - - - 36.00 82.83 - - -
Directors sitting Fees - - - --- 23.60 22.00 -
Sale of Service - - - -- 670.80 575.34 - -
Dividend Paid - - - - 4,167.73 1,281.21 - 169.51 54.24 549.46 175.83
Interest Income - - - - - - 496.39 - -
Commission Paid - - 559.84 628.61 - - 2,284.48 1,521.90 -
Investment in Equity Shares - - - 1.00 - - - -
Reimbursement of Expenses - - 0.53 - 1.57 1.78 44.88 - - -
made
Reimbursement of Expenses - - - - 17.61 16.53 2.77 - -
Received
Dividend Income - - 258.00 - 3,600.00
ICD Received - - - - 1,400.00 -- -
ICD Paid Back - - - - 4,400.00 -- -
Interest Expense - - - - 208.35 300.00 - - -
Rent & maintenance Paid - 1.35 - - 1,086.41 1,081.35 5.78 5.78 24.00 24.00
Vehicle Lease Rent - - - --- - 12.00 12.00
Salary Paid - - - --- 679.79 617.66 -
Managerial Remuneration - - - --- 812.35 767.08 -
Rental Income - - - -- 57.90 54.05 - -
Deferred consideration - - - - - 7,106.00 - -
received
Payable
ICD Payable - - - - 3,000.00 - - -
(including Accrued Interest)
Others - - - - 13.57 - 2,288.85 1,455.83 - 0.98
Security Deposit - - - -- 2.45 2.45 - -
Receivable
ICD (including accrued - - 2,041.93 2,041.93 - - - -
interest)
Security Deposit Receivable - - - - 1,383.85 1,383.85 500.00 500.00
Others - 1.52 292.05 387.45 209.22 104.90 1,490.61 2,452.94 -
Interest Receivable - - - - - 287.30 - -
[[page 148]]
138
(ii) (a) Remuneration/Salary paid to KMP
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Short-term employee benefits # 1,373.34 1271.29
Post-employment benefits
- Defined contribution plan $ 118.79 113.45
- Other long-term benefits *
Total 1,492.13 1384.74
# Including value of perquisites.
* As the liability for gratuity and leave encashment are provided on actuarial basis for the Company as a whole,
amounts accrued pertaining to key managerial personnel are not included above.
$ Employer Contribution of Provident Fund
(b) Detail of remuneration to KMP:-
a) Chairman & Managing Director - ` 587.81 Lakh (Previous Year ` 558.39 Lakh)
b) Chairman & Managing Director (Commission) - ` 1,466.32 Lakh (Previous Year ` 966.60 Lakh)
c) Executive Director - ` 119.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 119.00 Lakh)
d) Executive Director - (Commission) - ` 733.16 Lakh (Previous Year ` 483.30 Lakh)
e) Executive Director - ` 105.54 Lakh (Previous Year ` 89.69 Lakh)
f) Chief Executive Officer - ` 461.32 Lakh (Previous Year ` 435.98 Lakh)
g) Chief Financial Officer - ` 119.77 Lakh (Previous Year ` 104.42 Lakh)
h) Company Secretary - ` 98.69 Lakh (Previous Year ` 77.26 Lakh)
(c) Sitting fees paid to KMP:
a) Jayshree Bhartia - ` 2.20 Lakh (Previous Year ` 2.10 Lakh)
b) Sushil Dutt Salwan - ` 3.30 Lakh (Previous Year ` 1.20 Lakh)
c) Shukla Wassan - ` 4.50 Lakh (Previous Year ` 3.40 Lakh)
d) Ravi Kumar - ` 6.60 Lakh (Previous Year ` 4.20 Lakh)
e) Samrat Banerjee - ` 7.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 2.50 Lakh)
f) Pradip Kumar Khaitan - ` NIL Lakh (Previous Year ` 3.30 Lakh)
g) Jagmohan N. Kejriwal - ` NIL Lakh (Previous Year ` 1.30 Lakh)
h) Ravi jhunjhunwala - ` NIL Lakh (Previous Year ` 1.90 Lakh)
i) Jitender Balakrishnan - ` NIL Lakh (Previous Year ` 2.10 Lakh)
d) Commission paid to KMP:
a) Jayshree Bhartia - ` 15.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 12.00 Lakh)
b) Sushil Dutt Salwan - ` 15.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 12.00 Lakh)
c) Shukla Wassan - ` 15.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 12.00 Lakh)
d) Ravi Kumar - ` 25.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 24.00 Lakh)
e) Samrat Banerjee - ` 15.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 12.00 Lakh)
(iii) Detail of transaction India Glycols Limited Employees Group Gratuity Trust Scheme
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Contribution Nil 325.00
Outstanding at the Year End 489.00 (76.90)
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 149]]
139
(iv) Disclosure in respect of Material Related Party transactions during the year:
a) Sales of Material are to:
• IGLCHEM, US ` 459.88 Lakh (Previous Year ` 850.60 Lakh).
• Hindustan Wires Limited. ` 1,377.34 Lakh (Previous Year ` 3,034.91 Lakh).
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 40,796.19 Lakh (Previous Year ` 48,114.94 Lakh)
b) Legal & Professional fees:
• Khaitan & Co. LLP ` NIL Lakh (Previous Year ` 46.83 Lakh).
• Hindustan Wires Ltd ` 36.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 36.00 Lakh)
c) Inter Corporate Deposit (ICD) Received includes :
• Kashipur Holdings Ltd ` 1400.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil)
d) Inter Corporate Deposit (ICD) Paid back includes :
• Kashipur Holdings Ltd ` 1400.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil)
• Hindustan Wires Ltd ` 3000.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil)
e) Interest Expense includes from :
• Kashipur Holdings Ltd ` 15.61 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil)
• Hindustan Wires Ltd ` 192.74 Lakh (Previous Year ` 300.00 Lakh)
f) Interest Income includes from:
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` Nil Lakh (net of discount) (Previous Year ` 496.39 Lakh -
net of discount)
g) Dividend Income
• IGL Chemicals and Services Private Limited ` 258.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil)
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 3600.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil)
h) Commission Paid:
• IGL CHEM International USA LLC ` 559.84 Lakh (Previous Year ` 628.61 Lakh)
i) Reimbursement of expense made:
• IGL Finance Limited ` 0.06 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil Lakh)
• IGL Chemicals and Services Private Limited ` 0.24 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil Lakh)
• Ennature Bio Pharma Limited (Formerly known as Ennature Bio Pharma Private Limited) ` 0.24 Lakh (Previous
Year ` Nil Lakh)
• Hindustan Wires Limited ` 1.57 Lakh (Previous Year ` 1.78 Lakh)
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 44.88 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil Lakh)
j) Reimbursement of expense Received.
• IGL Infrastructure ` 17.61 Lakh (Previous Year ` 16.53 Lakh)
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` Nil Lakh (Previous Year ` 2.77 Lakh)
k) Rent & Maintenance Paid to :
• IGL Infra ` 1,067.74 Lakh (Previous Year ` 1,064.42 Lakh)
• Kashipur Holding Limited ` 4.16 Lakh (Previous Year ` 3.87 Lakh)
• Ajay Commercial Co (P) Ltd ` 7.26 Lakh (Previous Year ` 7.21 Lakh)
• J.B. Commercial Co (P) Ltd ` 7.26 Lakh (Previous Year ` 7.21 Lakh)
• U.S Bhartia ` 24.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 24.00 Lakh)
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 5.78 Lakh (Previous Year ` 5.78 Lakh)
l) Vehicle Lease Paid to:
• Anand Singhal HUF ` 12.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 12.00 Lakh)
m) Purchase of Material:
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 14.78 Lakh (Previous Year ` 102.00 Lakh)
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 150]]
140
n) Investment in Equity Shares:
• IGL Spirits Limited ` Nil (Previous Year ` 1.00 Lakh)
o) Sale of Services
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 670.80 Lakh (Previous Year ` 575.34 Lakh)
p) Rental Income
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 57.90 Lakh (Previous Year ` 54.05 Lakh)
q) Deferred consideration received
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` Nil Lakh (Previous Year ` 7,106.00 Lakh)
r) Dividend Paid
• U. S. Bhartia - ` 112.18 Lakh (Previous Year ` 35.90 Lakh)
• Pooja Jhaver - ` 24.40 Lakh (Previous Year ` 7.81 Lakh)
• Pragya Bhartia Barwale- ` 0.08 Lakh (Previous Year ` 0.02 Lakh)
• Jayshree Bhartia- ` 57.25 Lakh (Previous Year ` 18.32 Lakh)
• Sukhvarsha Distributors Pvt. Ltd- ` 90.47 Lakh (Previous Year ` 28.95 Lakh)
• Executors to the estate of Late Sajani devi Bhartia- ` 525.06 Lakh (Previous Year ` 168.02 Lakh)
• Hindustan Wires Limited- ` 16.25 Lakh (Previous Year ` 5.20 Lakh)
• Kashipur Holdings Limited - ` 4,061.01 Lakh (Previous Year ` 944.68 Lakh)
• Supreet Vyapaar Private Ltd- ` Nil Lakh (Previous Year ` 21.43 Lakh)
• Facit Commosales (P) Ltd- ` Nil Lakh (Previous Year ` 84.63 Lakh)
• J. Boseck & Co. (P) Ltd- ` Nil Lakh (Previous Year ` 69.15 Lakh)
• J. B. Commercial Co. (P) Ltd - ` Nil Lakh (Previous Year ` 78.23 Lakh)
• Ajay Commercial Co. (P) Ltd - ` Nil Lakh (Previous Year ` 48.90 Lakh)
• Lund & Blockley Pvt. Ltd - ` Nil Lakh (Previous Year ` 0.04 Lakh)
Balance Outstanding
a) ICD Payable (including Accrued Interest) :
• Hindustan Wires Ltd. ` Nil Lakh (Previous Year ` 3,000.00 Lakh)
b) Outstanding Payable includes:
• Hindustan Wires Ltd. ` Nil Lakh (Previous Year ` 13.57 Lakh)
• Rupark Sarswat ` Nil Lakh (Previous Year ` 0.96 Lakh)
• Alok Singhal ` 3.72 Lakh (Previous Year ` 4.50 Lakh)
• Anand Singhal HUF ` Nil Lakh (Previous Year ` 0.98 Lakh)
• Anand Singhal ` 0.53 Lakh (Previous Year ` 0.32 Lakh)
• Ankur Jain ` 0.12 Lakh (Previous Year ` 0.02 Lakh)
• US Bhartia ` 1,466.32 Lakh (Previous Year ` 966.73 Lakh)
• Pragya Bhartia Barwale ` 733.16 Lakh (Previous Year ` 483.30 Lakh)
c) ICD Receivable including interest includes:
• IGLFL ` Nil Lakh (Previous Year ` 2,041.93 Lakh) (Maximum balance outstanding during the year ` Nil Lakh,
Previous Year ` 2,041.93 Lakh).
d) Security Deposit receivable:
• Ajay Commercial Co. (P) Limited ` 400.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 400.00 Lakh)
• J.B. Commercial Co. (P) Limited ` 400.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 400.00 Lakh)
• IGL Infra ` 583.85 Lakh (Previous Year ` 583.85 Lakh)
• US Bhartia ` 500.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 500.00 Lakh)
e) Security Deposit Payable
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 2.45 Lakh (Previous Year ` 2.45 Lakh)
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 151]]
141
f) Outstanding Receivable includes:
• IGL CHEM US ` 262.36 Lakh (Previous Year ` 358.29 Lakh). (Maximum balance outstanding during the year
` 471.12 Lakh, Previous Year ` 875.12 Lakh).
• IGL Finance Limited ` 29.05 Lakh (Previous Year ` 28.99 Lakh). (Maximum balance outstanding during the
year ` 29.05 Lakh, Previous Year ` 28.99 Lakh).
• IGL Chemicals and services Private Limited ` 0.39 Lakh (Previous Year ` 0.16 Lakh). (Maximum balance
outstanding during the year ` 0.39 Lakh, Previous Year ` 0.16 Lakh).
• Ennature Bio Pharma Limited (Formerly known as Ennature Bio Pharma Private Limited) ` 0.25 Lakh (Previous
Year ` 0.01 Lakh). (Maximum balance outstanding during the year ` 0.25 Lakh, Previous Year ` 0.01
Lakh).
• Hindustan Wires Ltd. ` 110.14 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil Lakh)
• IGL Infra ` 97.60 Lakh (Previous Year ` 104.90 Lakh)
• Kashipur Holdings Ltd. ` 1.47 Lakh (Previous Year ` 1.52 Lakh)
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 1,490.61 Lakh (Previous Year ` 2,452.94 Lakh)
g) Interest Receivable
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` Nil Lakh (Previous Year ` 287.30 Lakh)
h) Provision against Investment
• IGL Finance Limited ` 550.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 550.00 Lakh).
• IGL CHEM ` 27.41 Lakh (Previous Year ` 27.41 Lakh).
• IGL CHEM US ` 127.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 127.00 Lakh).
56. Dividend on Equity Share
Proposed Dividend on equity share not recognized as liability
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Dividend proposed for Equity shareholders of ` Nil per share (Previous Year Nil 3,096.15
2024-25 - ` 10.00 per share with face value of ` 10 each)
Above is subject to approval of the shareholders in the Annual General Meeting.
Interim Dividend on equity share
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Interim Dividend for Equity shareholders of ` 7.5 per share with face value 5,027.01 Nil
of ` 5 each) (Previous Year 2024-25 - ` Nil per share)
57. Segment Information:
Disclosures as required by Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 108 Operating Segments
Identifications of Segments:
Segments have been identified in line with Indian Accounting Standard on 'Operating Segments' (Ind AS -108), taking into
account the organizational structure as well as the differential risk and returns of this segment and as per the quantitative
criteria specified under IND AS. The Company has identified the following segments:
Operating Segments:
Bio-based Specialities and Performance Chemicals Segment comprises Glycols, Specialty Chemicals, Natural Gum &
other related goods etc. Potable Spirits Segment comprises manufacture and sale of Ethyl Alcohol (Potable). Ennature
Biopharma comprises manufacture and sale of Nutraceutical Products. Bio-fuel comprises Ethanol, DDGS & DWGS.
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 152]]
142
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
Information about Operating Segments for the year ended 31-3-2026 & 31-3-2025 is as follows:- ( ````` in Lakh)
Particulars Bio-based Specialities Potable S pirits Ennature Biopharma Bio-Fuel Unallocable TOTAL
and Performance
Chemicals
31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
A REVENUE
1 Gross Segment Revenue 1,20,206.75 1,34,099.63 6,94,642.66 6,43,389.64 20,777.15 21,937.15 1,46,993.43 1,04,355.26 - - 9,82,619.99 9,03,781.68
(External Customers)
Total 1,20,206.75 1,34,099.63 6,94,642.66 6,43,389.64 20,777.15 21,937.15 1,46,993.43 1,04,355.26 - - 9,82,619.99 9,03,781.68
2 Other Income 4,350.98 1,455.35 4,350.98 1,455.35
B RESULTS
1 Segment Result (PBIT) 13,826.61 12,111.03 28,492.61 25,643.99 723.43 2,076.48 11,523.27 5,668.00 (1,094.61) (4,884.23) 5 3,471.31 40,615.27
3 Interest Expense (Net) 16,718.43 16,437.49
4 Exceptional Items 82.89 -
5 Tax Expenses 8,437.26 6,139.52
6 Profit after Tax 28,232.73 18,038.26
C Other information:
1 Segment Assets 3,59,598.50 3,54,343.31 59,659.69 57,922.69 42,642.36 44,100.50 1,42,995.97 1,11,662.98 7,715.25 11,010.64 6,12,611.77 5,79,039.93
2 Segment Liabilities 73,705.12 92,970.55 32,652.65 33,514.04 9,249.34 6,213.81 9,227.12 8,981.28 2,34,033.70 2,50,255.96 3,58,867.93 3,91,935.47
3 Depreciation and 11,105.97 8,104.74 666.26 520.20 830.79 790.51 2,641.62 1,840.42 292.96 263.62 15,537.61 11,519.49
Amortization expenses
4 Capital Expenditure 27,932.97 26,612.21 3,522.81 2,647.29 1,849.99 1,844.79 44,093.36 35,035.73 - - 77,399.13 66,140.02
Information about geographical areas: (````` In Lakh)
Particulars Domestic Overseas Total
31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
1 Gross Segment Revenue (External Customers) 9,32,359.17 8,49,702.45 50,260.82 54,079.23 9,82,619.99 9,03,781.68
Overseas County- wise sales: (````` In Lakh)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
USA 832.50 1,311.22
Japan 2,727.51 3,687.43
Taiwan 2,900.66 5,494.44
Indonesia 12,760.67 9,514.60
South Korea 8,180.67 10,171.71
Other Countries 22,858.82 23,899.83
Total 50,260.82 54,079.23
All non- current assets of the Company are located in India.
There is no transaction with single external customer which amounts to 10% or more of the Company's revenue.
[[page 153]]
143
58. (a) In compliance with Ind AS 112 on Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities, following disclosures are made in respect
of jointly controlled entity - Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited (CISCPL), in which the Company is a joint
venturer:
(````` in Lakh)
CISCPL
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Country of Incorporation India
Percentage of Share in Joint Venture 49% 49%
Current Assets 17,938.86 18,235.53
Non- Current Assets 32,991.22 34,486.40
Current Liabilities 7,573.24 10,480.28
Non- Current Liabilities 4,468.27 4,101.89
Revenue 64,005.25 63,783.78
Profit/(Loss) for the year 4,641.68 4,640.10
Total Comprehensive Income 4,636.67 4,616.57
59. Income Tax:
During the earlier year, the Company decided to exercise the option available under section 115BAA of the Income Tax
Act, 1961 as introduced by the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019 onwards and recognized the tax provision
on the basis the rates prescribed in that section.
(A) Amounts recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss ( ````` in Lakh)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Tax Expense 8,437.26 6,139.52
Total 8,437.26 6,139.52
Tax Expense:
- Current Tax 2,107.02 1,714.01
- Deferred tax Charged / (Credit) 6,330.24 4,425,51
Total 8,437.26 6,139.52
(B) Income Tax recognised in other comprehensive Income ( ````` in Lakh)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Current Income Tax on Re-measurement losses on defined benefit plans 57.06 29.24
Total 57.06 29.24
(C) Reconciliation of effective tax rate ( ````` in Lakh)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Enacted income tax rate in India applicable to the Company 25.17% 25.17%
Profit Before Tax 36,669.99 24,177.78
At Statutory Income Tax Rate 9,229.10 6,085.06
Related to Property, Plant & Equipment (46.09) (70.61)
Deferred tax Related to house property (1.60) (2.06)
Income exempt from tax (970.98) -
Others 226.83 127.13
Income Tax expense/(income) reported in Statement of P&L Account 8437.26 6,139.52
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 154]]
144
(D) Reconciliation of deferred tax liabilities, net ( ````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Opening Balance 44,237.61 39,841.42
Deferred Tax expense recognised in :-
Statement of profit & loss 6,330.24 4,425.51
Other comprehensive income (57.06) (29.24)
Closing balance 50,510.79 44,237.61
60. Event Occurring After Balance Sheet Date
The Board of Directors has recommended Equity dividend of ` Nil per share (previous year ` 10.00 per share) for the
financial year 2025-26.
61. Financial Ratios
Ratio Numerator Denominator 2025-26 2024-25
Current ratio (in times) Total current assets Current liabilities = Total current liabilities - 0.85 0.90
Current maturities of long term borrowings
Debt-Equity ratio Total debts Total equity 0.62 0.96
(in times)*
Debt service coverage Earning for Debt Service=Net Profit Debt service = Interest on term loan and + 1.56 1.40
ratio (in times) after taxes + Depreciation + Other Term loan Principal repayments
non-cash adjustments
Return on equity ratio Net Profit after tax for the year Average total equity 13% 10%
(in %)**
Inventory Turnover ratio Net Turnover (exclude excise duty) Average Inventory 4.09 3.32
(in times)
Trade receivables Net Turnover (exclude excise duty) Average trade receivables 11.72 9.97
turnover ratio (in times)
Trade payables turnover Net credit purchases Average trade payables 3.22 2.81
ratio (in times)
Net capital turnover Net Turnover (exclude excise duty) Average working capital (i.e. Total current (18.94) (20.22)
ratio (in times) assets less current liabilities)(Current
liabilities = Total current liabilities - Current
maturities of long term borrowings)
Net profit ratio (in %)** Net Profit after tax for the year Net Turnover (exclude excise duty) 7% 5%
Return on capital Profit before tax and finance costs Capital employed = Net worth + Total 12% 10%
employed (in %) Debts + Deferred tax liabilities
Return on investment (in %) Income generated from invested funds Average invested funds in treasury investments NA NA
* The variation in Debt-Equity ratio as at March 31, 2026 as compared to March 31, 2025 is primarily due to decrease in debts a nd
increase in equity.
** The variation in Return on equity and Net Profit ratio as at March 31, 2026 as compared to March 31, 2025 is primarily due t o increase
in Net Profit.
62. During the year, effective 21st November 2025, the Government of India has consolidated multiple existing labour legislations
into a unified framework comprising of four Labour Codes - the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020,
the Code on Social Security, 2020, and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, collectively
referred to as the 'New Labour Codes'. The enactment of these codes has resulted in changes to the computation of
certain employee benefits. The Company has assessed the impact of these changes in accordance with Ind AS 19 -
Employee Benefits and the guidance Issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). The resulting additional
employee benefit expense of ` 82.89 lakh, being non-recurring, has been presented under "Exceptional Items". The
Company continues to monitor further notifications and rules under the new Labour Codes and will account for any additional
Impact as required
63. The Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 16 th October, 2025 had considered and approved the
Raising funds through Issuance of up to 51,03,765 Equity Shares of Face Value of ` 5/- each, at a price of ` 915/- per
Equity Share, (including a premium of ` 910/- per equity share), determined in accordance with the provisions of Chapter
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 155]]
145
V of SEBI (Issue of capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 ("SEBI ICDR Regulations"), for cash, for an
aggregate amount of up to ` 4,66,99,44,975/- on preferential basis and the same has been approved by the shareholders
of the company at their Extraordinary General Meeting held on 12th November 2025. The Preferential Allotment Committee
of the Board completed the allotment of the aforesaid equity shares to the respective allottees on 24th November 2025 and
the Company's paid-up share capital was accordingly increased to ` 33,51,33,825/-. The listing and trading approvals from
the Stock Exchanges for above acquired equity shares were obtained on 5 th January, 2026 effective from 6 th January,
2026.
64. Other Statutory Information:
a. The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the
Company for holding any Benami property.
b. There are no transactions and / or balance outstanding with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies
Act, 2013.
c. The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory
period.
d. The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign
entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf
of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
ii) provided any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
e. The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party)
with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Group shall:
i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf
of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
ii) provided any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
f. The Company does not any transactions which are not recorded in the books of accounts that have been surrendered
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or
survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
g. The company does not have any investments through more than two layers of investment companies as per section
2(87) (d) and section 186 of Companies Act, 2013.
h. The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
i. The Title deeds of the immovable properties (other than properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease
agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee) are held in the name of the Company
j. The Company has sanctioned facilities from banks on the basis of security of current assets. The periodic returns filed
by the Company with such banks are in agreement with the books of accounts of the Company
k. The Company has adhered to debt repayment and interest service obligations on time. Wilful defaulter related disclosures
required as per Additional Regulatory Information of Schedule III (revised) to the Companies Act, is not applicable.
l. Term loans availed by the Company were, applied by the Company during the year for the purposes for which the
loans were obtained.
65. The figures of the previous period/year have been restated/regrouped wherever necessary, to make them comparable.
As per our report of even date
For K N Gutgutia & Co. U. S. Bhartia Alok Singhal
Chartered Accountants Chairman and Managing Director Executive Director
Firm Registration no. 304153E DIN: 00063091 DIN: 10359043
B.R.Goyal Rupark Sarswat Anand Singhal
Partner Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Membership Number 12172
Place: Noida, UP Ankur Jain
Date : May 14, 2026 Company Secretary
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
[[page 156]]
146
Form AOC-1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries/associate companies/joint ventures
PART “A” : Subsidiaries
(All figure except exchange rate in Lakh)
S. No. 2 3 4 5 6 7
Name of the Subsidiary Company IGL IGL Ennature Bio IGL IGL Chem IGL Chem
Finance Chemicals Pharma Spirits International International
Limited and Services Limited Limited PTE. LTD. USA LLC.
Private (Formerly Ennature
Limited Bio Pharma
Private Limited)
Financial year ending on March 31, March 31, March 31, March 31, March 31, March 31,
2026 2026  2026 2026 2026  2026
Reporting Currency INR INR INR INR INR USD INR USD
Exchange Rate on the last date 94.835 94.835
of financial year
Share Capital 150.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 27.41 0.79 127.00 2.00
Reserves & Surplus 117.66 20.59 (1.51) (0.38) (177.70) (2.37) 393.18 3.49
Total Assets 2,339.42 48.28 - 0.76 7.33 0.08 827.15 8.72
Total Liabilities 2,339.42 48.28 - 0.76 7.33 0.08 827.15 8.72
Investments - 0.08 - - - - - -
Turnover - - - - - - 481.48 5.34
Profit / (loss) before tax (0.46) 287.15 (0.15) (0.22) (35.20) (0.39) 292.83 3.25
Provision for Taxation - - - - - - - -
Profit / (loss) after Taxation (0.46) 287.15 (0.15) (0.22) (35.20) (0.39) 292.83 3.25
Proposed Dividend - - - - -
% of Shareholding 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Note: i) Profit/ (loss) figure does not include Other Comprehensive Income.
PART “B” : Associates and Joint Ventures
Statement pursuant to Section 129(3) of the companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures
(````` in Lakh)
S. No. 1
Name of the Associates/Joint Venture Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals
Private Limited (Erstwhile IGL
Green Chemicals Private Limited)
1. Latest audited Balance Sheet Date March 31, 2026
Reporting Currency INR
2. Shares of Associate/Joint Ventures held by the company on the year end
No. 10,000.00
Amount of Investment in Associates/Joint Venture 1.00
Extent of Holding % 49%
3. Description of how there is significant influence Joint Venture Agreement
4. Reasons why the associate/joint venture is not consolidated N.A.
5. Networth attributable to Shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet 38,888.57
6. Profit/Loss for the year
i. Considered in Consolidation 4,641.68
ii. Not Considered in Consolidation 4,831.13
[[page 157]]
147
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF INDIA GLYCOLS LIMITED
I. Report on the Audit of Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 st March 2026
1. Opinion
A. We have audited the accompanying Consolidated
Financial Statements of India Glycols Limited
(hereinafter referred to as “the Holding Company”)
and its subsidiaries (the Holding Company and its
subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”),its
Joint venture, which comprise the Consolidated
Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026, the
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
(including Other Comprehensive Income), the
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and
the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the
year then ended, and notes to the consolidated
financial statements including a summary of the
material accounting policies and other explanatory
information (hereinafter referred to as “the
Consolidated Financial Statements”).
B. In our opinion and to the best of our information
and according to the explanations given to us, the
aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements give
the information required by the Companies Act,
2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give
a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting
principles generally accepted in India, of the
consolidated state of affairs of the Group and its
Joint venture as at March 31, 2026, of its
consolidated Profit and other comprehensive
income, consolidated changes in equity and its
consolidated cash flows for the year ended on that
date.
2. Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the
Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section
143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those
Standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Responsibility for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements section of our report. We are independent
of the group and its joint venture in accordance with the
Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India (ICAI) together with the ethical
requirements that are relevant to our audit of the
consolidated financial statements under the provisions
of the Companies Act 2013, and we have fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained, and the audit
evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of their
report referred to the “Other Matters” section below is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements.
3. Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our
professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the
current period. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters. We have determined that there are no
key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
4. Information Other than the Consolidated Financial
Statements and Auditor’s Report thereon
A. The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is
responsible for the preparation of the other
information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Management Discussion
and Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexures
to Board’s Report, Business Responsibility Report,
Corporate Governance and Shareholder’s
Information, but does not include the Consolidated
Financial Statements and our auditor’s report
thereon. Our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements does not cover the other information and
we do not express any form of assurance conclusion
thereon.
B. In connection with our audit of the consolidated
financial statements, our responsibility is to read
the other information and, in doing so, consider
whether the other information is materially in
consistent with the Consolidated Financial
Statements or our knowledge obtained during the
course of our audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.
5. Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged
with Governance for the Consolidated Financial
Statements
A. The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is
responsible for the preparation and presentation of
these Consolidated Financial Statements in term
of the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013
(“the Act”) that give a true and fair view of the
consolidated financial position, Consolidated
financial performance including other
comprehensive income, consolidated changes in
equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group
and its joint venture in accordance with the other
accounting principles generally accepted in India
including Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS)
specified under section 133 of the Act. The
respective Board of Directors of the companies
included in the Group and of its joint venture are
responsible for maintenance of adequate
accounting records in accordance with the
provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of
their respective company(ies) and for preventing
and detecting frauds and other irregularities;
selection and application of appropriate accounting
policies; making judgments and estimates that are
reasonable and prudent; and design,
implementation and maintenance of adequate
internal financial controls, that were operating
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and
completeness of the accounting records, relevant
[[page 158]]
148
to the preparation and presentation of the
consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view and are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. These
financial statements have been used for the purpose
of preparation of the consolidated financial
statements by the Directors of the Holding
Company, as aforesaid.
B. In preparing the consolidated financial statements,
the respective Board of Directors of the companies
included in the Group and of its joint venture are
responsible for assessing the ability of their
respective company(ies) to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related
to going concern and using the going concern basis
of accounting unless management either intends
to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies
included in the group and of its Joint venture are also
responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process
of the Group and its Joint venture.
6. Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements
A. Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the Consolidated Financial
Statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with SAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these
Consolidated Financial Statements.
B. As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we
exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We
also:
i) Identify and assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements, whether due to fraud or error,
design and perform audit procedures
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
detecting a material misstatement resulting
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or
the override of internal control.
ii) Obtain an understanding of internal financial
controls relevant to the audit in order to design
audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the
Act, we are also responsible for expressing our
opinion on whether the Holding Company has
adequate internal financial controls system in
place and the operating effectiveness of such
controls.
iii) Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting
policies used and the reasonableness of
accounting estimates and related disclosures
made by management.
iv) Conclude on the appropriateness of
management’s use of the going concern basis
of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists
related to events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt on the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern. If we conclude
that a material uncertainty exists, we are
required to draw attention in our auditor’s report
to the related disclosures in the Consolidated
Financial Statements or, if such disclosures are
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
conclusions are based on the audit evidence
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
However, future events or conditions may
cause the Group to cease to continue as a
going concern.
v) Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and
content of the Consolidated Financial
Statements, including the disclosures, and
whether the Consolidated Financial
Statements represent the underlying
transactions and events in a manner that
achieves fair presentation.
vi) Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence
regarding the financial information of the
entities or business activities within the Group
and its joint venture of which we are the
independent auditors, to express an opinion
on the consolidated financial statements. We
are responsible for the direction, supervision
and performance of the audit of the financial
statements of such entities included in the
consolidated financial statements of which we
are the independent auditors. For the other
entities included in the consolidated financial
statements, which have been audited by other
auditors, such other auditors remain
responsible for the direction, supervision and
performance of the audits carried out by them.
We remain solely responsible for our audit
opinion.
C. We communicate with those charged with
governance of the Holding Company and such other
entities included in the consolidated financial
statements of which we are the independent
auditors regarding, among other matters, the
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies
in internal control that we identify during our audit.
D. We also provide those charged with governance
with a statement that we have complied with
relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all
[[page 159]]
149
relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where
applicable, related safeguards.
E. From the matters communicated with those charged
with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements of the current
period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless
law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be
expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.
7. Other Matters
The consolidated financial statements includes the
Group’s share of net profit after tax of 4,641.68 lakh and
total comprehensive income of 4,636.67 lakh for the year
ended 31 St  March 2026, as considered in the
consolidated financial statements, in respect of the joint
venture, whose financial statements/financial information
has been audited by other auditors. The independent
auditor’s report on financial statements/financial
information of the joint venture has been furnished to us
by the management.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, is
so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures
included in respect of the joint venture and our report in
terms of sub-section (3) of Section143 of the Act
including report on Other Information insofar as it relates
to the aforesaid joint venture, is based solely on the
reports of the other auditor/ independent firm of
accountants.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements is
not modified in respect of the above matter with respect
to our reliance on the work done and the report of the
other auditor/ independent firm of accountants.
II. Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
8. As required by paragraph 3(xxi) of the Companies
(Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“CARO 2020”), issued
by the Central Government of India in terms of Section
143(11) of the Act, based on the CARO reports issued
by us and the respective auditor of the companies
incorporated in India to which CARO 2020 is applicable
and included in these consolidated financial statements,
we report that there are no qualifications or adverse
remarks in such CARO reports. The reporting
requirements under paragraph 3(xxi) of CARO 2020 are
not applicable in respect of the companies incorporated
outside India included in these consolidated financial
statements.
9. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our
audit we report to the extent applicable that:
A. We/the other auditors whose report we have relied
upon have sought and obtained all the information
and explanations which to the best of our knowledge
and belief were necessary for the purposes of our
audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial
statements
B. In our opinion, proper books of account as required
by law have been kept so far as it appears from our
examination of those books;
C. The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated
Statement of Profit and Loss including Other
Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statement
of Changes in Equity and the Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report
are in agreement with the relevant books of account
maintained for the purpose of preparation of the
consolidated financial statements.
D. In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial
statements comply with the Ind AS specified under
Section 133 of the Act, read with the Companies
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as
amended.
E. On the basis the written representations received
from the directors of the Holding Company and the
subsidiary companies incorporated in India, taken
on record by their respective Boards of Directors,
and the report of the statutory auditors of the joint
venture, none of the directors of the Holding
Company, its subsidiary companies and its joint
venture incorporated in India is disqualified as on
March 31, 2026 from being appointed as a director
in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
F. With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial
controls with reference to consolidated financial
statements of the Holding Company and its
subsidiary companies, joint venture, incorporated
in India, and the operating effectiveness of such
controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure
A” to this report.
G. With respect to the other matters to be included in
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014,
in our opinion and to the best of our information
and according to the explanations given to us:
i. the consolidated financial statements disclose
the impact of pending litigations on the
consolidated financial position of the Group and
its joint venture - Refer Note No. 37(A)(i), 38
and 39 to the consolidated financial
statements.
ii. Provision has been made in the consolidated
financial statements, as required under the
applicable law or Ind AS, for material
foreseeable losses, if any, on long-term
contracts including derivative contracts. Refer
Note No.46(b) to the consolidated financial
statements.
iii. There has been no delay in transferring
amounts, required to be transferred, to the
Investor Education and Protection Fund by the
group and its joint venture incorporated in India.
iv. (a) The respective management of the
company and its subsidiaries and its joint
[[page 160]]
150
venture which are companies
incorporated in India whose financial
statements have been audited under the
Act has represented to us and other
auditor of such joint venture that, to the
best of its knowledge and belief, no funds
have been advanced or loaned or invested
(either from borrowed funds or share
premium or any other sources or kind of
funds) by the Company or any of such
subsidiaries , joint venture to or in any
other persons or entities, including foreign
entities (“Intermediaries”), with the
understanding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary
shall:
• directly or indirectly lend or invest in
other persons or entities identified in
any manner whatsoever (“Ultimate
Beneficiaries”) by or on behalf of the
Company or any of such subsidiaries,
joint venture.
• Provide any guarantee, security or
the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate
Beneficiaries.
(b) The respective management of the
company and its subsidiaries and its joint
venture which are companies
incorporated in India whose financial
statements have been audited under the
Act has represented to us and other
auditor of such joint venture that, to the
best of its knowledge and belief, no funds
have been received by the Company or
any of such subsidiaries, joint venture from
any persons or entities, including foreign
entities (“Funding Parties”), with the
understanding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the Company or
any of such subsidiaries, joint venture
shall:
• directly or indirectly, lend or invest in
other persons or entities identified in
any manner whatsoever (“Ultimate
Beneficiaries”) by or on behalf of the
Funding Party or
• Provide any guarantee, security or
the like from or on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(c) Based on such audit procedures as
considered reasonable and appropriate in
the in the circumstances, performed by us
and those performed by the auditor of joint
venture, nothing has come to our notice
that has caused us to believe that the
representations under sub-clause (iv) (a)
and (iv) (b) contain any material mis-
statement.
v. The final dividend paid by the Holding
Company during the year in respect of the
same declared for the previous year is in
accordance with section 123 of the Act to the
extent it applies to payment of dividend.
The interim dividend declared and paid by the
Holding Company, its subsidiary and joint
venture incorporated in India during the year
is in accordance with section 123 of the Act.
vi) Based on our examination which included test
checks, and that performed by the respective
auditors of the subsidiaries and joint venture
which are companies incorporated in India
whose financial statements have been audited
under the Act, the Holding Company and such
subsidiaries and joint venture have used
accounting software for maintaining its books
of account for the financial year ended March
31, 2026 which have a feature of recording
audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has
operated throughout the year for all relevant
transactions recorded in the software. Further,
during our audit we and respective auditors of
such subsidiaries and joint venture did not
come across any instance of audit trail feature
being tampered with and the audit trail has
been preserved by the Holding Company and
such subsidiaries and joint venture as per the
statutory requirements for record retention.
H. With respect to the other matters to be included in
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the
requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as
amended:
In our opinion and to the best of our information
and according to the explanations given to us, the
Holding Company has paid remuneration to its
respective directors during the year in accordance
with the provisions of and limits laid down under
section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act.
For K. N. GUTGUTIA & CO.
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FRN 304153E
(B. R. GOYAL)
PARTNER
PLACE: NOIDA M. NO. 12172
DATE: 14.05.2026 UDIN: 26012172ZAVCTG7286
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in point 9(F) of paragraph II under “Report on Other
Legal and Regulatory Requirements” section of our report to the
members of India Glycols Limited  of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to
Consolidated Financial Statements under Clause (i) of Sub-
section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the
Act”)
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial
statements of India Glycols Limited  (hereinafter referred to as
“the Holding Company”) as of and for the year ended March 31,
2026, we have audited the internal financial controls with reference
[[page 161]]
151
to consolidated financial statements of the Holding Company and
its subsidiaries (the Holding Company and its subsidiaries together
referred to as “the Group”), and joint venture which are companies
incorporated in India, as of that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in
the Group and its joint venture which are companies incorporated
in India, are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal
financial controls based on the internal financial control over
financial reporting criteria established by the Holding Company
considering the essential components of internal control stated in
the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over
Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India (ICAI). These responsibilities include the
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal
financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the
orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence
to the respective company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets,
the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy
and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely
preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the
Act.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Holding
company’s internal financial controls with reference to consolidated
financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit
in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial
Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the
Standards on Auditing, specified under section 143(10) of the Act,
to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls,
both issued by the ICAI. Those Standards and the Guidance Note
require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
adequate internal financial controls with reference to consolidated
financial statements was established and maintained and if such
controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence
about the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference
to consolidated financial statements and their operating
effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with reference
to consolidated financial statements included obtaining an
understanding of internal financial controls with reference to
consolidated financial statements, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s
judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or
error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the
audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of their
reports referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion
on the Holding Company’s internal financial controls with reference
to consolidated financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over with reference
to consolidated financial statements
A company’s internal financial control with reference to
consolidated financial statements is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. Company’s internal financial control with
reference to consolidated financial statements includes those
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit
preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorisations of management and directors of
the company; and (3)provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have material effect
on the consolidated financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with
reference to Consolidated Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls
with reference to consolidated financial statements, including the
possibility of collusion or improper management override of
controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur
and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the
internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial
statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal
financial control with reference to consolidated financial statements
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Group, and its joint venture, which are
companies incorporated in India, have, maintained in all material
respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to
consolidated financial statements and such internal financial
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements were
operating effectively as at March 31,2026, based on the internal
control over financial reporting criteria established by the Holding
Company considering the essential components of internal control
stated in the Guidance Note issued by the ICAI.
Other Matters
Our aforesaid report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the
adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial
controls with reference to the consolidated financial statements
insofar as it relates to the Joint venture which is a company
incorporated in India, is based on the corresponding report of the
auditors of such company incorporated in India.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
For K. N. GUTGUTIA & CO.
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FRN 304153E
(B. R. GOYAL)
PARTNER
PLACE: NOIDA M. NO. 12172
DATE: 14.05.2026
[[page 162]]
152
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026
(` in Lakh)
Particulars Note As at As at
No. March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
ASSETS
(1) NON-CURRENT ASSETS:
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 2 4,44,521.36 3,73,617.57
(b) Capital work-in-progress 2A 3,669.97 9,838.60
(c) Investment Property 31 7 1 . 8 2 174.94
(d) Other Intangible assets 41 4 5 . 7 0 137.34
(e) Right to use assets 5 10,607.60 8,977.20
(f) Investment in Joint Venture 6 38,879.49 38,130.84
(g) Financial Assets
(i) Loans 71 4 9 . 6 0 53.60
(ii) Others 8 4,108.49 4,419.49
(h) Other Non-Current assets 92 6 0 . 2 8 638.12
Total Non Current Assets 5,02,514.31 4,35,987.70
(2) CURRENT ASSETS:
(a) Inventories 10 89,061.13 1,17,088.03
(b) Financial Assets
(i) Trade receivables 11 35,139.52 36,497.07
(ii) Cash and cash equivalents 12 3,186.61 683.72
(iii) Bank balances other than (ii) above 13 1,796.05 7,059.94
(iv) Others 14 3,909.62 5,383.42
(c) Current Tax Assets (Net) 15 1,208.23 933.49
(d) Other current assets 16 15,479.34 13,976.51
Total Current Assets 1,49,780.50 1,81,622.18
TOTAL ASSETS 6,52,294.81 6,17,609.88
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY:
(a) Equity Share capital 17 3,351.34 3,096.15
(b) Other Equity 17A 2,89,926.51 2,22,491.51
Total Equity 2,93,277.85 2,25,587.66
LIABILITIES:
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES:
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 18 91,912.72 1,04,009.00
(ii) Lease Liabilities 8,112.91 6,698.49
(iii) Other financial liabilities 19 6,229.48 4,162.25
(b) Provisions 20 568.27 526.74
(c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 21 50,510.79 44,237.61
(d) Other non-current liabilities 22 271.95 283.87
Total Non Current Liabilities 1,57,606.12 1,59,917.96
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Borrowings 23 65,934.04 76,418.15
(ii) Lease Liabilities 3,100.93 2,027.56
(iii) Trade payables 24
Total Outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 16.61 16.61
Total Outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises 78,770.58 97,915.02
(iv) Other financial liabilities 25 40,103.01 37,543.49
(b) Other current liabilities 26 12,729.22 17,879.49
(c) Provisions 27 756.45 303.94
Total Current Liabilities 2,01,410.84 2,32,104.26
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 6,52,294.81 6,17,609.88
Company Overview, Basis of preparation and material accounting policies 1
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date
For K N Gutgutia & Co. U. S. Bhartia Alok Singhal
Chartered Accountants Chairman and Managing Director Executive Director
Firm Registration no. 304153E DIN: 00063091 DIN: 10359043
B.R.Goyal Rupark Sarswat Anand Singhal
Partner Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Membership Number 12172
Place: Noida, UP Ankur Jain
Date : May 14, 2026 Company Secretary
[[page 163]]
153
(` in Lakh), except as otherwise stated
Particulars Note Year ended Year ended
No. March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Income
Revenue from operations 28 9,82,663.18 9,03,895.08
Other income 29 492.98 1,455.35
Total Income 9,83,156.16 9,05,350.43
Expenses:
Cost of materials consumed 30 2,41,242.84 2,34,580.77
Excise Duty on Sales 5,61,521.86 5,27,068.79
Purchase of Stock-in-Trade 31 18,722.00 11,359.26
Change in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress 32 6,235.18 (5,154.87)
and Stock-in-trade
Employee benefits expense 33 13,261.39 12,268.88
Finance costs 34 16,718.43 16,437.49
Depreciation and amortization expense 35 15,537.61 11,519.96
Other expenses 36 76,754.72 72,678.28
Total Expenses 9,49,994.03 8,80,758.56
Profit/ (Loss) before exceptional items and tax 33,162.13 24,591.87
Exceptional Items (Net) 57 82.89 -
Profit/ (Loss) before tax 33,079.24 24,591.87
Share of net profit/ (loss) of Joint Venture 4,641.68 4,640.10
Profit/ (Loss) before tax 37,720.92 29,231.97
Tax Expense: 53
- Current Tax 2,114.50 1,714.01
- Deferred tax Charged / (Credit) 6,330.24 4,425.51
Profit/ (Loss) for the year 29,276.18 23,092.45
Other Comprehensive Income
(A) Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss
(i) Remeasurement benefit of defined benefit plans (233.28) (147.62)
(ii) Income tax expense on remeasurement benefit of defined benefit plans 58.75 37.01
(B) Items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss
Exchange differences on translating the financial statements of foreign subsidiaries 12.25 (18.93)
Other comprehensive Income/ (Loss) for the year (162.28) (129.54)
Total Comprehensive Income for the year 29,113.90 22,962.91
Net Profit/ (Loss) attributable to
(a) Owners of the Company 29,276.18 23,092.45
(b) Non Controlling interests - -
Other Comprehensive Income attributable to
(a) Owners of the Company (162.28) (129.54)
(b) Non Controlling interests - -
Total Comprehensive Income attributable to
(a) Owners of the Company 29,113.90 22,962.91
(b) Non Controlling interests - -
Earnings per Equity share of ````` 5 each basic/ diluted (in `````) 48 45.95 37.29
Company Overview, Basis of preparation and material accounting policies 1
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date
For K N Gutgutia & Co. U. S. Bhartia Alok Singhal
Chartered Accountants Chairman and Managing Director Executive Director
Firm Registration no. 304153E DIN: 00063091 DIN: 10359043
B.R.Goyal Rupark Sarswat Anand Singhal
Partner Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Membership Number 12172
Place: Noida, UP Ankur Jain
Date : May 14, 2026 Company Secretary
Consolidated Statement of Profit & Loss for the year Ended March 31, 2026
[[page 164]]
154
A. Equity Share Capital (` in Lakh)
Particulars Balance Changes Restated Changes Balance Changes Restated Changes Balance
as at due to balance during as at due to balance during as at
31st March prior at the the year 31 st March prior at the the year 31 st March
2024 period beginning 2025 period beginning 2026
errors of the year errors of the year
ISSUED, SUBSCRIBED AND PAID UP
67,026,765 Equity Shares of ` 5/- each 3,096.15 - 3,096.15 - 3,096.15 - 3,096.15 255.19 3,351.34
fully paid up (30,961,500 Equity Shares
of 10/- each as at March 31, 2025)
Total 3,096.15 - 3,096.15 - 3,096.15 - 3,096.15 255.19 3,351.34
B. Other Equity (` in Lakh)
Reserves & Surplus Other Comprehensive Income
Particulars Securities Reserve for Molasses General Retaine d Capital Capital Items of Other Items of Other Total
Premium Contingencies Reserve Reserve Earnings Reserve Redemption Comprehensive Comprehensive
Fund Reserve Income that will Income that will
not be classified be classified to
to profit & loss profit & loss
Balance As at March 31, 2024 3,958.36 200.00 - 10,600.44 1,86,516.35 416.00 0.19 474.05 (159.87) 2,02,005.52
Profit / (Loss ) for the year - - - - 23,092.45 - - - - 23,092.45
Re-measurement of the net - - - - - - - (110.61) - (110.61)
defined benefit Plans
Dividends Paid - - - - (2,476.92) - - - - (2,476.92)
Exchange differences on - - - - - - - - (18.93) (18.93)
translating the financial
statement of foreign subsidiary
Balance As at March 31, 2025 3,958.36 200.00 - 10,600.44 2,07,131.88 416.00 0.19 363.44 (178.80) 2,22,491.51
Profit / (Loss ) for the year - - - - 29,276.18 - - - - 29,276.18
Re-measurement of the net - - - - - - - (174.53) - (174.53)
defined benefit Plans
Dividends Paid - - - - (8,123.16) - - - - (8,123.16)
Premium on equity shares 46,444.26 - - - - - - - - 46,444.26
issued through preferential
issue (refer note 58)
Exchange differences on - - - - - - - - 12.25 12.25
translating the financial
statements of foreign
subsidiaries
Balance As at March 31, 2026 50,402.62 200.00 - 10,600.44 2,28,284.90 416.00 0.19 188.91 (166.55) 2,89,926.51
As per our report of even date
For K N Gutgutia & Co. U. S. Bhartia Alok Singhal
Chartered Accountants Chairman and Managing Director Executive Director
Firm Registration no. 304153E DIN: 00063091 DIN: 10359043
B.R.Goyal Rupark Sarswat Anand Singhal
Partner Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Membership Number 12172
Place: Noida, UP Ankur Jain
Date : May 14, 2026 Company Secretary
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended March 31, 2026
[[page 165]]
155
(` in Lakh)
2025-26 2024-25
A Cash Flow from Operating Activities
Net Profit/(Loss) Before Tax 33,079.24 24,591.87
Adjustments For:
Depreciation and amortisation expense 15,537.61 11,519.96
(Profit)/Loss on Sale of Property, plant & equipment (125.51) (101.53)
Net Unrealised Foreign Exchange Fluctuation (Gain) / Loss 214.50 472.50
Govt Grant (Net) (11.92) (11.92)
Provision No Longer Required Written Back (227.72) (2,046.59)
Finance Costs 16,833.36 16,574.32
Interest Income (446.61) 31,773.71 (1,437.71) 24,969.03
Operating Profit/ (Loss) before Working Capital Changes 64,852.95 49,560.90
Adjustments For:
(Increase)/Decrease in Trade & Other Receivables 6,803.40 17,116.52
(Increase)/Decrease in Inventories 28,026.50 (6,458.42)
Increase / (Decrease) in Trade & Other Payables (20,406.53) 14,423.37 (21,986.49) (11,328.39)
Cash Generated from / (Used in) Operations 79,276.32 38,232.51
Income Tax Paid (Net) (2,359.88) (2,021.36)
Net Cash flow from / (Used in) Operating Activities 76,916.44 36,211.15
B Cash Flow from Investing Activities
Purchase of Property, plant & equipment (82,347.63) (76,046.52)
Sale of Property, plant & equipment 685.79 770.72
Interest received 1,106.07 1,677.20
Dividend received 3,888.00
Net Cash flow from / (Used in) Investing Activities (76,667.77) (73,598.60)
C Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Net Proceeds from Borrowings 43,831.49 86,026.51
Repayment of Borrowings (66,412.04) (37,674.51)
Proceeds from issue of Share Capital 46,699.45 -
Proceeds/(Payment) of lease liabilities 2,487.69 6,013.89
Finance Costs (16,821.00) (16,531.27)
Dividends Paid (7,531.37) (2,459.14)
Net Cash flow from / (Used in) Financing Activities 2,254.22 35,375.48
Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash & Cash Equivalents [A+B+C] 2,502.89 (2,011.97)
Opening Cash & Cash Equivalents (refer note 12) 683.72 2,695.69
Closing Cash & Cash Equivalents (refer note 12) 3,186.61 683.72
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Notes:
1. The Cash flow statement has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS 7) state ment of
cash flows.
This is the Cash Flow Statement referred to in our report of even date.
As per our report of even date
For K N Gutgutia & Co. U. S. Bhartia Alok Singhal
Chartered Accountants Chairman and Managing Director Executive Director
Firm Registration no. 304153E DIN: 00063091 DIN: 10359043
B.R.Goyal Rupark Sarswat Anand Singhal
Partner Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Membership Number 12172
Place: Noida, UP Ankur Jain
Date : May 14, 2026 Company Secretary
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the year ended March 31, 2026
[[page 166]]
156
1.1 Group Overview
The Group, India Glycols Limited (Parent) and its subsidiaries,
manufactures Bio-based Specialities and Performance Chemicals
such as green technology based bulk, natural gums and industrial
gases; Potable Spirits and Ennature Biopharma. The Joint
venture Company manufactures selling Specialty Chemicals at
Kashipur, Uttarakhand.
These Consolidated financial statements were approved and
adopted by board of directors of the Company in their meeting
held on May 14, 2026.
1.2 Statement of compliance:
The Consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as
prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read
with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and
amended and relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
1.3 Basis of preparation of Consolidated financial statements:
a) The consolidated financial statements relate to the Group,
and joint ventures. Subsidiary are those entities in which
the Parent directly or indirectly, has interest more than 50%
of the voting power or otherwise control the composition of
the board or governing body so as to obtain economic
benefits from activities. The consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on the following basis:-
b) The financial statements of the subsidiaries are combined
on a line-by–line basis by adding together the like items of
assets, liabilities, income and expenses after fully eliminating
intra-group balances and intra-group transactions and
unrealized profits or losses in accordance with IND AS 110
–‘Consolidated Financial Statements’ notified under Section
133 of the Act, read with Companies (Indian Accounting
Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended time to time. The
deferred tax to be recognised for temporary differences
arises from elimination of profits and losses resulting from
intra group transactions.
c) Interest in joint ventures are consolidated using equity
method as per IND AS 28 – ‘Investment in Joint Ventures’.
Under the equity method, post-acquisition attributable profit/
losses are adjusted in the carrying value of investment upto
the Group investment in the joint venture.
d) The Consolidated Financial Statements (CFS) comprises
the financial statements of India Glycols Limited (IGL) and
its following Subsidiaries/ Joint Venture as on March 31,
2026.
1 GROUP OVERVIEW, BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Name of the Company Nature Country of % of Shareholding
Incorporation & Voting Power
IGL Chem International PTE. LTD Subsidiary Singapore 100%
IGL Chem International USA LLC (IGLCHEM US) Subsidiary USA 100%
IGL Finance Limited (IGLFL) Subsidiary India 100%
Ennature Bio Pharma Limited (formerly known Subsidiary India 100%
as Ennature Bio Pharma Private Limited)
IGL Chemicals and Services Private Limited Subsidiary India 100%
IGL Spirits Limited Subsidiary India 100%
Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited Joint Venture India 49.00%
e) The difference between the cost of investment and the share
of net assets at the time of acquisition of shares in the
subsidiaries is identified in the financial statements as
Goodwill or Capital Reserve as the case may be.
f) In case of foreign subsidiaries, revenue items are
consolidated at the average exchange rate during the year.
All assets and liabilities are translated at year end exchange
rate. The resulting exchange differences are recognised as
Other Comprehensive Income/(loss) and disclosed
accordingly.
g) Significant Accounting Policies of the financial statements
of the company and its subsidiaries are set out in their
respective Financial Statements.
1.4 Material accounting policies: The significant accounting policies
to prepare consolidated financial statements are in uniformity
with the standalone financial statements of the Company.
Following are the additional policies specifically considered for
preparation of consolidated financial statements:
(i) Business Combination:
Business Combinations are accounted for using the
acquisition method. The cost of acquisition is measured at
the aggregate of the fair values at the date of exchange of
assets given, liabilities incurred or assumed and equity
instruments issued by the Company in exchange for control
of the acquiree. The acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities
and contingent liabilities that meet the recognition criteria
are stated at their fair values at the acquisition date except
certain assets and liabilities required to be measured as
per the applicable standard.
(ii) Goodwill
Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic
benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business
combination that are not individually identified and
separately recognized. Goodwill is initially measured at cost,
being the excess of the consideration transferred over the
net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
measured in accordance with Ind AS 103 – Business
Combinations. An impairment loss is recognized whenever
the carrying amount of an asset or its cash generating unit
(CGU) exceeds its recoverable amount.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 167]]
157
2. PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPMENT
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Freehold Leasehold Buildings Plant & Office Furniture Vehicles# Total
Land Land Equipment Equipment & Fixtures
Gross block As at 10,167.31 11,895.00 14,047.92 3,29,473.25 1,284.36 1,905.74 1,089.60 3,69,863.18
March 31, 2024
Additions -- 135.25 66,898.21 180.93 79.42 480.95 67,774.76
Disposals - - - 685.93 71.83 - 177.73 935.49
As at March 31, 2025 10,167.31 11,895.00 14,183.17 3,95,685.53 1,393.46 1,985.16 1,392.82 4,36,702.45
Additions 405.18 420.33 81,210.11 136.78 1,219.30 176.06 83,567.76
Disposals 249.67 105.59 222.37 19.87 0.72 81.99 680.21
As at March 31, 2026 9,917.64 12,300.18 14,497.91 4,76,673.27 1,510.37 3,203.74 1,486.89 5,19,590.00
Accumulated Depreciation - 1,568.05 2,830.00 45,722.92 830.83 1,335.29 447.58 52,734.67
As at March 31, 2024
Charge for the year - 176.90 532.09 9,524.89 144.33 91.44 146.86 10,616.51
Disposals - - - 43.54 64.58 - 158.18 266.30
As at March 31, 2025 - 1,744.95 3,362.09 55,204.27 910.58 1,426.73 436.26 63,084.88
Charge for the year 178.37 533.89 10,977.54 152.84 90.43 170.62 12,103.69
Disposals 26.64 38.63 14.71 0.71 39.24 119.93
As at March 31, 2026 - 1,923.32 3,869.34 66,143.18 1,048.71 1,516.45 567.64 75,068.64
Net Carrying Amount
As at March 31, 2025 10,167.31 10,150.05 10,821.08 3,40,481.26 482.88 558.43 956.56 3,73,617.57
As at March 31, 2026 9,917.64 10,376.86 10,628.57 4,10,530.09 461.66 1,687.29 919.25 4,44,521.36
Notes:
# Gross block includes ` 927.04 Lakh (Previous Year ` 830.95 Lakh) secured by hypothecation against loan.
2A. Ageing schedule of Capital Work-in-progress
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Amount in CWIP for a period of
Less than 1-2 years 2-3 years More than Total
1 year 3 years
As at March 31, 2026
Project in Progress 2,227.40 1,360.56 82.01 - 3,669.97
Projects Temporarily Suspended - - - - -
2,227.40 1,360.56 82.01 - 3,669.97
As at March 31, 2025
Project in Progress 7,970.52 1,759.99 108.09 - 9,838.60
Projects Temporarily Suspended - - - - -
7,970.52 1,759.99 108.09 - 9,838.60
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 168]]
158
3. INVESTMENT PROPERTY
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Amount
Gross block As at March 31, 2024 683.28
Additions -
Disposals 486.49
As at March 31, 2025 196.79
Additions -
Disposals -
As at March 31, 2026 196.79
Accumulated Depreciation As at March 31, 2024 27.61
Charge for the year 5.72
Disposals 11.48
As at March 31, 2025 21.85
Charge for the year 3.12
Disposals -
As at March 31, 2026 24.97
Net Carrying Amount
As at March 31, 2025 174.94
As at March 31, 2026 171.82
Fair Value
As at March 31, 2025 243.70
As at March 31, 2026 268.07
2025-26 2024-25
Rental Income derived from investment properties 21.13 27.79
Direct Operating Expenses 4.34 7.62
Profit arising from investment properties 16.79 20.17
4. OTHER INTANGIBLES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Amount
Computer Software
Gross block As at March 31, 2024 351.87
Additions 1.79
Disposal -
As at March 31, 2025 353.66
Additions 36.96
Disposal -
As at March 31, 2026 390.62
Accumulated Amortisation As at March 31, 2024 189.24
Charge for the year 27.08
Disposals -
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 169]]
159
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Amount
As at March 31, 2025 216.32
Charge for the year 28.60
Disposals -
As at March 31, 2026 244.92
Net Carrying Amount
As at March 31, 2025 137.34
As at March 31, 2026 145.70
5. RIGHT TO USE ASSETS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Amount
Gross block As at March 31, 2024 3,661.14
Additions 7,300.08
Disposals -
As at March 31, 2025 10,961.22
Additions 5,032.60
Disposals -
As at March 31, 2026 15,993.82
Accumulated Depreciation As at March 31, 2024 1,113.37
Charge for the year 870.65
Disposals -
As at March 31, 2025 1,984.02
Charge for the year 3,402.20
Disposals -
As at March 31, 2026 5,386.22
Net Carrying Amount
As at March 31, 2025 8,977.20
As at March 31, 2026 10,607.60
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 170]]
160
6. NON CURRENT ASSETS :INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURE
(````` in Lakh), except as otherwise stated
Particulars As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
No. of Face Amount No. of Face Amount
shares Value shares Value
Investment in Equity Instruments
- UNQUOTED
Investment in Equity Instruments
Joint Venture
Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals 10,000 ````` 10.00 38,879.49 10,000 ` 10.00 38,130.84
Private Limited
38,879.49 38,130.84
38,879.49 38,130.84
7. NON CURRENT LOANS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
b) Other Loans
Loans to Employee
- Unsecured, considered good 149.60 53.60
149.60 53.60
8. OTHER NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Security Deposits
- Unsecured, considered good# 4,108.49 4,419.49
4,108.49 4,419.49
# Includes ` 1,883.85 lakh (Previous Year ` 1,883.85 lakh) security deposit to director, private companies in which director/directors of
company is director and are also related parties.
9. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS:
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Capital Advances
- Unsecured, considered good 232.88 353.94
Advances other than capital advances:
- Prepaid Expenses 27.40 284.18
27.40 284.18
260.28 638.12
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 171]]
161
10. INVENTORIES (AT LOWER OF COST AND NET REALISABLE VALUE)
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Raw Materials 23,546.28 27,347.67
Add: Goods in transit 2,016.70 16,357.66
25,562.98 43,705.33
Work-in-Process 9,638.75 9,111.53
Finished Goods 11,541.07 18,669.89
Add: Goods in transit 263.80 64.95
11,804.87 18,734.84
Stores and Spares 41,602.45 45,461.78
Residue Product 380.08 13.66
Loose Tools & others 72.00 60.89
89,061.13 1,17,088.03
11. TRADE RECEVIABLES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
- Undisputed Trade Receivables-considered good 35,070.53 36,430.60
- Undisputed Trade Receivables-which have significant increase in Credit Risk - -
- Undisputed Trade Receivables-Credit impaired - -
- Disputed Trade Receivables-considered good 68.99 66.47
- Disputed Trade Receivables-which have significant increase in Credit Risk - -
- Disputed Trade Receivables-Credit impaired 528.79 528.79
35,668.31 37,025.86
Less: Loss Allowance (528.79) (528.79)
35,139.52 36,497.07
Refer note 42(ii) for ageing of trade receivables
12. CASH & CASH EQUIVALENTS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Balances with Banks
- In Fixed Deposit Accounts 2,500.00 -
- On Current Accounts 514.39 516.98
- Cash on Hand 172.22 166.74
3,186.61 683.72
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 172]]
162
13. BANK BALANCE OTHER THAN CASH & CASH EQUIVALENTS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Other bank balances
- In Fixed Deposit Accounts*-Current 1,023.01 6,878.69
- On Unpaid Dividend Accounts 773.04 181.25
1,796.05 7,059.94
* Pledged with bank/Government Authorities as margin money/security against guarantees, packing credit facility and other borro wings.
14. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Export Incentive receivable - Duty Drawback 208.84 171.08
Interest receivable 59.13 718.59
Others (including claims & other receivable) 3,933.43 4,785.53
Less : Provision/ Allowance for doubtful other financial assets (291.78) (291.78)
3,641.65 4,493.75
3,909.62 5,383.42
15. CURRENT TAX ASSETS (NET)
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Advance Income Tax/ Tax deducted at source (net of income tax provision )
1,208.23 933.49
1,208.23 933.49
16. OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Export Incentive receivable 16.75 113.18
Balance with Excise and Other Authorities 11,407.45 9,362.84
Deposits with Government Departments & Others 1,192.60 942.67
Prepaid expenses 1,854.60 1,301.56
Advances recoverable in cash or in kind or for value to be received 1,007.94 2,256.26
Doubtful advances 204.11 204.11
1,212.05 2,460.37
Less : Provision/ Allowance for doubtful advances (204.11) (204.11)
1,007.94 2,256.26
15,479.34 13,976.51
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 173]]
163
17. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
(````` in Lakh), except as otherwise stated
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Authorised:
90,000,000 Equity Shares of ` 5/- each 4,500.00 4,500.00
(45,000,000 Equity Shares of ` 10 each as at March 31, 2025)
4,500.00 4,500.00
Issued, Subscribed and paid up:
67,026,765 Equity Shares of ` 5/- each fully paid up 3,351.34 3,096.15
(30,961,500 Equity Shares of ` 10/- each as at March 31, 2025) fully paid up
Total Equity share capital 3,351.34 3,096.15
a) Terms/rights attached to equity shares:
The Company has only one class of shares referred to as equity shares having a par value of ` 5/- per share (Previous year
` 10/-per share). Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share.
In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the
Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares
held by the shareholders.
b) Details of shares held by holding company
Name of Shareholders As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
No. of Shares % of holding No. of Shares % of holding
Kashipur Holdings Limited -- 1,55,88,291 50.35%
(w.e.f. 02.12.2024 to 23.11.2025)
c) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% equity shares in the company
Name of Shareholders As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
No. of Shares % of holding No. of Shares % of holding
Kashipur Holdings Limited 3,33,62,372 49.77% 1,55,88,291 50.35%
Executors to the Estate of 42,00,498 6.27% 21,00,249 6.78%
Late Sajani Devi Bhartia
d) Reconciliation of the number of shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period
Particulars No. of Shares No. of Shares
As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Shares outstanding as at the beginning of the year 3,09,61,500.00 3,09,61,500.00
Split of share during the year (From Face Value ` 10 each to ` 5 each) 3,09,61,500.00 -
(refer note 17g)
Increase during the year through preferential issue (refer note 58) 51,03,765.00 -
Shares outstanding as at the end of the year 6,70,26,765.00 3,09,61,500.00
e) In last 5 years there was no Bonus Issue, buy back and /or issue of shares other than for cash consideration.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 174]]
164
f) Detail of shares held by promoters in the Company
Name of Promoter As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
No. of % of total % Change No. of % of total % Change
Shares Shares during Shares Shares during
the year the year
Kashipur holdings Limited 3,33,62,372 49.77% -0.58% 1,55,88,291 50.35% -
Executors to the Estate of 42,00,498 6.27% -0.51% 21,00,249 6.78% -
Late Sajani Devi Bhartia
Uma Shankar Bhartia 8,97,444 1.34% -0.11% 4,48,722 1.45% -
Jayshree Bhartia 4,58,006 0.68% -0.06% 2,29,003 0.74% -
Pooja Jhaver 1,95,184 0.29% -0.03% 97,592 0.32% -
Pragya Bhartia Barwale 600 - 300 - -
Sukhvarsha Distributors Pvt. Ltd. 7,23,750 1.08% -0.09% 3,61,875 1.17% -
Hindustan Wires Ltd. 1,30,000 0.19% -0.02% 65,000 0.21% -
g) Sub-division/split of equity shares
The Board of Directors of the parent Company at their meeting held on 30 th May ,2025 had considered and approved the
Stock Split/ Sub-division of every one equity share having face value of ` 10/ each, fully paid-up, into Two equity shares,
having face value of ` 5/-each, fully paid-up and the same has been approved by the shareholders of the Company through
Postal Ballot on 22nd July 2025. Further the Company has fixed 12th August 2025 as the “Record Date” for determining the
entitlement of eligible Equity Shareholders for the purpose of sub-division/split of equity shares of the Company. Accordingly,
the equity shares has been increased from 3,09,61,500 Equity shares to 6,19,23,000 Equity shares.
17A. Other Equity
(````` in Lakh)
Reserves & Surplus Other Comprehensive Income
Particulars Securities Reserve for Molasses General Retaine d Capital Capital Items of Other Items of Other Total
Premium Contingencies Reserve Reserve Earnings Reserve Redemption Comprehensive Comprehensive
Fund Reserve Income that will Income that will
not be classified be classified to
to profit & loss profit & loss
Balance As at March 31, 2024 3,958.36 200.00 - 10,600.44 1,86,516.35 416.00 0.19 474.05 (159.87) 2,02,005.52
Profit / (Loss ) for the year - - - - 23,092.45 - - - - 23,092.45
Re-measurement of the net - - - - - - - (110.61) - (110.61)
defined benefit Plans
Dividend Paid - - - - (2,476.92) - - - - (2,476.92)
Exchange differences on - - - - - - - - (18.93) (18.93)
translating the financial
statement of foreign subsidiary
Balance As at March 31, 2025 3,958.36 200.00 - 10,600.44 2,07,131.88 416.00 0.19 363.44 (178.80) 2,22,491.51
Profit / (Loss ) for the year - - - - 29,276.18 - - - - 29,276.18
Re-measurement of the net - - - - - - - (174.53) - (174.53)
defined benefit Plans
Dividends Paid - - - - (8,123.16) - - - - (8,123.16)
Share Premium on allotment 46,444.26 46,444.26
of shares (refer note 58)
Exchange differences on - - - - - - - - 12.25 12.25
translating the financial
statement of foreign subsidiary
Balance As at March 31, 2026 50,402.62 200.00 - 10,600.44 2,28,284.90 416.00 0.19 188.91 (166.55) 2,89,926.51
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 175]]
165
Nature of reserves
Reserve from Contingencies are created in earlier years to meet any contingencies in future and in the nature of free reserve.
General reserve amount transferred/ apportioned represents is in accordance with Indian Corporate law (The Companies Act,
1956) wherein a portion of profit is apportioned to general reserve, before a company can declare dividend.
Other comprehensive Income Reserve represent the balance in equity for items to be accounted in Other Comprehensive
Income. OCI is classified into i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit & loss ii) Items that will be reclassified to profit & loss.
Capital reserve was created on reversal of provision for diminution in value of investment.
18. NON-CURRENT BORROWINGS
(````` in Lakh)
Non-Current Portion Current Maturities
As at As at As at As at
March, 31 2026 March, 31 2025 March, 31 2026 March, 31 2025
SECURED LOANS
Rupee Term Loans
- from Banks & NBFCs 89,440.87 91,211.53 25,381.64 28,995.40
- Vehicle Loan & others 333.93 384.05 157.46 136.63
Foreign Currency Term Loans from Banks 1,687.92 5,263.42 1,428.000 2,572.000
91,462.72 96,859.00 26,967.10 31,704.03
UNSECURED LOANS
Loan from Body Corporates 450.00 7,150.00 - -
450.00 7,150.00 - -
Less: Amount disclosed under the head - - 26,967.10 31,704.03
“Current Borrowings “( Note No. 23)
Total Non- Current Borrowings 91,912.72 1,04,009.00 - -
Note: in respect of security clause & repayment are disclosed in separate respective financial statements of the company and
its subsidiaries.
19. OTHER NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Security Deposits 6,229.48 4,162.25
6,229.48 4,162.25
20. PROVISIONS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Provision for employee benefits
- Leave Encashment 568.27 526.74
568.27 526.74
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 176]]
166
21. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (NET)
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Deferred Tax Assets :-
Amount covered U/s 43B of Income Tax Act, 1961 358.19 244.04
Provision for doubtful debts / advances 257.90 257.90
Others 195.35 115.99
Gross Deferred tax Assets 811.44 617.93
Deferred Tax Liabilities :-
Property, Plant & Equipment 51,322.23 44,855.54
Others - -
Gross Deferred tax Liability 51,322.23 44,855.54
Net Deferred Tax Liability 50,510.79 44,237.61
22. OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Deferred Income-Govt Grant 271.95 283.87
271.95 283.87
23. CURRENT BORROWINGS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Secured Loans
Loans repayable on demand from Banks:
- Working Capital Loans (In Rupee)* 34,430.62 32,166.23
- Working Capital Loans (In Foreign Currency)* - 12,547.89
Unsecured Working Capital Loan (In Rupee) 4,536.32 -
Current maturities of long term borrowings - Secured (Note No. 18) 26,967.10 31,704.03
65,934.04 76,418.15
*Working Capital Loans from Banks are secured / to be secured by way of hypothecation of book debts and stocks including in-tra nsit and other specified
movable properties and second charge on all immovable properties of the Company. Buyers Credit facility is secured against non- fund based facility sanctioned
to the Company.
24. TRADE PAYABLES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Payable to Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises - -
Payable to Others 78,770.58 97,915.02
Disputed dues (MSMEs) 16.61 16.61
Disputed dues (Others) - -
78,787.19 97,931.63
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 177]]
167
Ageing of Trade payables (````` in Lakh)
Particulars Outstanding for the following periods from the due date of payment
Less than 1-2 years 2-3 years More than Total
1 year 3 years
As at March 31, 2026
(i) MSME - - - - -
(ii) Others 77,671.87 470.99 464.63 163.09 78,770.58
(iii) Disputed dues-MSME - - - 16.61 16.61
(iv) Disputed Dues-Others - - - - -
Total 77,671.87 470.99 464.63 179.70 78,787.19
As at March 31, 2025
(i) MSME - - - - -
(ii) Others 96,795.26 496.35 451.17 172.24 97,915.02
(iii) Disputed dues-MSME - - - 16.61 16.61
(iv) Disputed Dues-Others - - - - -
Total 96,795.26 496.35 451.17 188.85 97,931.63
25. OTHER CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Interest accrued but not due on borrowings 128.53 116.17
Capital Payables 12,103.80 14,876.80
Retention Money 9,948.28 8,945.49
Expenses payable (Including derivative liabilities) 9,978.52 8,368.81
Investor education & protection fund shall be credited
by the following amounts when due:
(i) Unclaimed Dividends 773.04 181.25
(ii) Unclaimed matured deposits - -
(iii) Unclaimed interest on above (ii) - -
Other Payables 7,170.84 5,054.97
40,103.01 37,543.49
26. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Duties, taxes and other statutory dues 1,434.95 1,659.64
Advance from Customers 10,542.23 15,529.17
Deferred Income Govt Grant & others 11.92 11.92
Other Payables 740.12 678.76
12,729.22 17,879.49
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 178]]
168
27. CURRENT PROVISIONS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Provision for employee benefits
- Gratuity 489.00 -
- Leave Encashment 267.45 303.94
756.45 303.94
28. REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
a) Sales of Products
Glycols & Others 1,05,524.65 1,17,661.03
Power Alcohol (DAE) 1,46,993.42 1,04,355.26
Guar Gum Powder and derivatives 3,881.48 3,784.34
Ethyl Alcohol (Potable) 6,75,477.84 6,30,631.62
Industrial Gases 4,570.45 5,789.88
Sale of traded goods
Chemicals and oil Products 19,074.15 11,027.98
Nutraceutical 20,543.21 21,678.30
9,76,065.20 8,94,928.41
b) Sales of Service 1,303.19 1,585.62
1,303.19 1,585.62
c) Other Operating Revenue
Provision no longer required/ Sundry balances written back 227.72 2,046.59
Export Incentive 557.15 553.37
Miscellaneous Income 4,509.92 4,781.09
5,294.79 7,381.05
Total Revenue from operations 9,82,663.18 9,03,895.08
29. OTHER INCOME
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Interest 331.68 1,300.88
Rent 21.13 27.79
Profit on sale of Property, Plant & Equipment 128.25 114.76
Govt Grants 11.92 11.92
492.98 1,455.35
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 179]]
169
30. COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Raw Materials 2,08,356.02 1,98,080.47
Packing Materials 32,886.82 36,500.30
2,41,242.84 2,34,580.77
31. PURCHASE OF STOCK-IN-TRADE
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Chemical and Oil Products 18,722.00 11,359.26
32. CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS, WORK- IN-PROGRESS AND STOCK-IN-TRADE
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
CLOSING STOCK
Finished Goods 11,541.07 18,669.89
Work-in-Process 9,638.75 9,111.53
Residue Product 380.08 13.66
21,559.90 27,795.08
OPENING STOCK
Finished Goods 18,669.89 12,845.34
Work-in-Process 9,111.53 9,791.34
Residue Product 13.66 3.53
27,795.08 22,640.21
Change in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and Stock-in-trade 6,235.18 (5,154.87)
33. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Salaries, Wages, Allowances, etc. 11,899.53 10,824.05
Contribution to Provident and other Funds 850.04 820.87
Employees’ Welfare and other Benefits 511.82 623.96
13,261.39 12,268.88
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 180]]
170
34. FINANCE COSTS
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Interest on Fixed Loans 8,907.37 6,911.56
Other Interest 6,201.85 6,935.35
Other Borrowing Cost
Financial Charges 1,724.14 2,727.41
16,833.36 16,574.32
Less: Interest Received on temporary deposits 114.93 136.83
16,718.43 16,437.49
a) Forex losses treated as finance cost ` 184.48 lakh (previous year ` 131.28 Lakh) as per IND AS 23 -Borrowing Costs.
b) Net of ` 2216.01 Lakh (previous year ` 2615.36 Lakh) interest capitalised during the year as per IND AS 23- Borrowing Costs.
35. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSE
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Depreciation on Property, Plant & Equipment 12,103.69 10,616.51
Depreciation on Right to use assets 3,402.20 870.65
Depreciation on Investment Property 3.12 5.72
Amortisation on other intangible assets 28.60 27.08
15,537.61 11,519.96
36. OTHER EXPENSES
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year Ended Year Ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Stores and spares consumed 6,800.55 8,548.96
Power and Fuel 40,050.22 36,187.89
Repairs and Maintenance
- Buildings 376.58 568.26
- Plant and Equipment 4,632.60 4,213.72
- Others 984.53 736.11
Rent 1,073.05 1,015.03
Rates and Taxes 5,241.66 3,767.91
Travelling and Conveyance 1,289.95 1,125.86
Insurance 1,868.61 1,267.02
Directors’ sitting Fee 26.18 22.00
Commission to Selling agents 1,551.19 1,247.55
Freight forwarding and others(Net of recovery from customers/provision written back) 7,417.35 5,924.68
Exchange Fluctuation loss/ (gain) (Net) * 1,378.50 4,192.95
Loss on Sale / Discard of Property, Plant & Equipment 2.74 13.23
Legal & Professional 833.99 1,033.97
Printing & Stationery, Postage, Telephone, security and other Miscellaneous 3,227.02 2,813.14
Expenses
76,754.72 72,678.28
*Net of Forex losses treated as finance cost ` 184.48 Lakh (Previous Year ` 131.28 Lakh) as per IND AS 23- Borrowing Costs
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 181]]
171
37. (A) Contingent Liabilities not Provided For:-
(i) In respect of:- (````` in Lakh)
Sl. Particulars As at As at
No. March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
1 Central Excise/ State Excise @ 2,096.02 1,134.65
2 Customs 993.45 971.74
3 Service Tax 13.80 13.80
4 Goods & Service Tax 236.12 585.92
5 Other matters 287.44 287.44
Total 3,626.83 2,993.55
@ Excluding show cause notice (SCNs), where management is confident that on merits SCNs will be dropped and also as legally advis ed
possibility of an outflow of fund is remote.
(ii) Bills discounted with banks/others ` 267.97 Lakh (Previous Year: ` 646.70 Lakh).
(B) Custom duty saved on import of raw material under Advance License pending fulfillment of export obligation amounting
to ` 554.75 Lakh (Previous Year ` 484.21 Lakh). The Management is of the view that considering the past export
performance and future prospects there is certainty that pending export obligation under advance licenses will be
fulfilled before expiry of the validity of respective advance licenses, accordingly and also on “Going Concern Concept”
basis there is no need to make any provision for custom duty saved.
(C) Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for (net of advances
contracts of ` 232.88 Lakh (Previous Year ` 353.94 Lakh) are ` 3,443.02 Lakh (Previous Year ` 6,374.74 Lakh).
38. In the earlier years, the State Government of Uttar Pradesh (UP) had imposed a levy of license fee on transfer of alcohol
from the distillery to the chemical plant. The levy was challenged by the Company in the Hon’ble Supreme Court and on
18th October 2006 the matter was finally decided by The Hon’ble Supreme Court in favour of the Company. Accordingly,
Company had filed an application for refund of amount paid ` 507.05 Lakh (Previous Year ` 507.05 Lakh) (shown as
recoverable under the head “Other Current Assets”) with State Government of Uttarakhand, which is still pending for
refund of the amount.
39. In the earlier year, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) issued summons to the Company in connection with investigation
in respect to import of Denatured Ethyl Alcohol by importer other than manufacturer of Excisable Goods and as per DRI,
Company was not eligible for lower rate of BCD @ 2.5% under notification no. 50/2017 dated 30.06.2017. The Company
has filed Writ Petition before Gujarat High Court that Company is eligible to avail benefit of concessional rate of 2.5% BCD
on import of DEA and for quashing of investigations initiated by DRI. The Gujarat High Court has directed Customs
Department not to pass final order till the pendency of Writ Petition Vide order dated 17.10.2024.
Thereafter, a Show Cause notice no. 06//PC/2022-23 dated 03.08.2022 was issued alleging incorrect availment of Basic
Customs Duty @2.5% instead of 5% during 01.07.2017 to 01.02.2021, as the imported DEA was not used for manufacture
of Excisable Goods in terms of amended definition of Excisable Goods which now means to include only (a) Petroleum, (b)
High Speed Diesel, (c) Motor Spirit, (d) Natural Gas, (e) Aviation Turbine Fuel, and (f) Tobacco.
Upon hearing, the Additional Commissioner has vide Order-in-Original No. 69/ADC/NOIDA-CUS/2023-24 dated 23.03.2024
has confirmed the duty demand of ` 4,093.05 lakh along with interest and has also imposed Redemption fine of ` 19,175.83
lakh and penalty of ` 4,100.00 lakh under sec 112(a)(i) of customs act and penalty of ` 4,100.00 lakh under Sec. 114AA of
customs act and has also appropriated the amount of ` 750.00 lakh (Previous Year ` 750.00 Lakh) paid against the duty
demand under protest is shown as recoverable from department, under the head “Other Current Assets”. The Company
had filed an appeal before Commissioner of Customs (Appeals), GST Bhawan, NOIDA against the impugned Order-in-
Original. Vide Order-in-Appeal dated 27.02.2026, the Commissioner of Customs (Appeals) has partially allowed the
Company’s appeal and upheld the impugned order in respect of the demand of ` 3,343.00 lakh towards short-paid duty,
along with applicable interest and penalty. The penalties aggregating to ` 4100.00 lakh and the redemption fine of
` 19175.83 lakh have, however, been set aside. The Company is in the process of filing an appeal against the said Order-
in-Appeal before the CESTAT, Allahabad.
40. The Board of Directors of the parent Company at its meeting held on 4 th February 2025, had approved the Composite
Scheme of Arrangement (“Scheme”) involving amalgamation of Kashipur Holdings Limited (“KHL”) into the Company and
Demerger of the Bio Pharma undertaking into a separate undertaking, namely, Ennature Bio Pharma Limited and Spirits &
Biofuel Undertaking into a separate undertaking, namely, IGL Spirits Limited (“Demerger”) to be listed on both the stock
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 182]]
172
exchanges. Further, the Scheme was subject to the requisite approvals and sanctions of the jurisdictional bench of National
Company Law Tribunal and also subject to the approval of the shareholders and / or creditors of IGL, Central Government,
or such other competent authority or intermediaries or agencies etc., as may be directed by the NCLT.
Further, post deliberations, to continue value creation for its stakeholders, the Board of Directors in its meeting held on 16th
May 2025 had decided to exclusively focus on Demerger as described in the above paragraph. The earlier proposal for the
amalgamation of KHL into the Company will no longer form part of the Scheme being pursued. The proposed modification
does not affect any stakeholders, including shareholders, creditors, or employees. There will be no adverse implication on
the existing public shareholders of Transferee Company as they will continue to own the same percentage of shares in the
Company. The appointed date for the Scheme of Arrangement is 1st April 2026.
The parent company had filed applications with the Stock Exchanges for their No Objection/Observation Letters on the
Scheme of Arrangement and received No Objection/Observation Letters from National Stock Exchange of India Limited
and BSE Limited on 17 th and 19th November 2025, respectively. Thereafter, the parent company had filed its First Motion
Application before the Hon’ble NCLT, Allahabad Bench, Prayagraj (“NCLT”). The NCLT has allowed the application inter-
alia, vide Order dated 15 th January 2026 read with Order dated 16 th February 2026, has directed the parent company to
convened separate meetings of Equity Shareholders and Unsecured Creditor on 24 th March, 2026 at which the Scheme
was duly approved.
Thereafter, the parent company filed an application with the NCLT under the provisions of the Act for sanction of the
Scheme. The application was admitted by the NCLT vide its Order dated 9 th April 2026, and the matter is scheduled for
further hearing on 21 st May 2026.
41. The subsidiary company, IGL Finance Limited, had invested funds for short term in commodity financing contracts offered
by National Spot Exchange Limited (NSEL). NSEL has defaulted in settling the contracts on due dates. IGL Finance has
made a loss allowance of ` 11,719.71 Lakh based on expected credit loss Policy and other estimation made by the
management and for balance ` 2,041.93 Lakh (and also fully provided for against equity investment of ` 125.00 Lakh), the
management and IGLFL is confident for recovery of dues from NSEL over a period of time and hence shown as good
(considering the measure which have so far been taken for and pending before the Govt. and other authorities and current
scenario/present state of affairs.). However, during the earlier year, the Company has written off ICD of ` 11,719.71 Lakh
and adjusted the same against the provision, which was created in earlier year.
42. Financial risk management objectives and Policies
The Group’s activities are exposed to a variety of financial risks from its operations. The key financial risks include market
risk (including foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and commodity risk etc.), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s
overall risk management policy seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on Group’s financial performance.
(i) Market Risk:  Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flow of a financial instruments will fluctuate
because of change in market prices. Market risk comprises mainly three types of risk: interest rate, currency risk and
other price risk such as commodity price risk.
(a) Foreign Currency Risk:  Foreign Currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure
will fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The company has obtained foreign currency borrowings
and has foreign currency trade payables and receivables and is therefore, exposed to foreign exchange risk.
After taking cognizance of the natural hedge, the company takes appropriate hedge to mitigate its risk resulting
from fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rate(s).
Foreign Currency sensitivity: The following table demonstrate the sensitivity to a reasonable possible change
in Foreign Currency with all other variable held constant. The impact on company’s profit/(loss) before tax is due
to change in the foreign exchange rate for:
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Change in USD + 1% + 1%
Effect on profit/(loss) before tax (295.69) (155.46)
Change in USD -1% -1%
Effect on profit/(loss) before tax 295.69 155.46
(b) Interest rate risk:- Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will
fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. Any change in the interest rates environment may impact
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 183]]
173
future rates of borrowings. The company mitigates this risk by regularly assessing the market scenario, finding
appropriate financial instruments, interest rate negotiation with the lenders for ensuring the cost-effective method
of financing.
Interest Rate Sensitivity: The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonable possible change in
interest rate on financial assets affected. With all other variable held constant, the company’s profit before tax is
affected through the impact on finance cost with respect to our borrowings, as follows:
A change in 25 basis points in interest rates would have following impact on profit/(Loss) before tax:
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Change in basis point +25 +25
Effect on profit before tax (382.15) (433.19)
Change in basis point -25 -25
Effect on profit before tax 382.15 433.19
(c) Commodity Price risk : The Company is affected by the price volatility of certain commodities. Its operating
activities require the purchase of raw material therefore, requires a continuous supply of certain raw materials. To
mitigate the commodity price risk, the Company has an approved supplier base to get competitive prices for the
commodities and to assess the market to manage the cost without any comprise on quality.
(ii) Credit Risk:
Credit risk refers to risk that a counter party will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the
Company. Credit risk arises primarily from financial assets such as trade receivables, Inter Corporate deposit, derivative
financial instruments, other balances with banks, loans and other receivables. The Company’s exposure to credit risk
is disclosed in Note 7, 8, 11 & 14.
Credit risk arising from investment in derivative financial instruments and other balances with banks is limited and
there is no collateral held against these because the counter parties are banks and recognised financial institutions
with high credit ratings.
The Company applies expected credit losses (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of loss allowance on the
following:
i. Trade receivables
ii. Financial assets measured at amortized cost (other than trade receivables)
In case of trade receivables, the Company follows a simplified approach wherein an amount equal to lifetime ECL is
measured and recognized as loss allowance.
The ageing of the trade receivables are given below: (````` in Lakh)
Particulars Due Ageing
Less than 6 Months 1-2 years 2-3 years More than Total
6 Months - 1 Year 3 years
As at 31st March, 2026
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables- considered 33,399.79 382.10 380.16 351.86 556.62 35,070.53
good
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables-which - - - - - -
have significant increase in Credit Risk
(iii) Undisputed Trade Receivables-Credit impaired - - - - - -
(iv)Disputed Trade Receivables- considered good - - - 4.37 64.62 68.99
(v) Disputed Trade Receivables-which have - - - - - -
significant increase in Credit Risk
(vi)Disputed Trade Receivables-Credit impaired - - - - 528.79 528.79
Provision/Allowance for Doubtful Receivables - - - - (528.79) (528.79)
Net Total 33,399.79 382.10 380.16 356.23 621.24 35,139.52
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 184]]
174
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Due Ageing
Less than 6 Months 1-2 years 2-3 years More than Total
6 Months - 1 Year 3 years
As at 31st March, 2025
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables-considered 34,687.80 359.38 348.63 430.13 604.66 36,430.60
good
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables-which - - - - - -
have significant increase in Credit Risk
(iii) Undisputed Trade Receivables-Credit impaired - - - - - -
(iv)Disputed Trade Receivables- considered good - - - 0.01 66.46 66.47
(v) Disputed Trade Receivables-which have - - - - - -
significant increase in Credit Risk
(vi)Disputed Trade Receivables-Credit impaired - - - - 528.79 528.79
Provision/Allowance for Doubtful Receivables - - - - (528.79) (528.79)
Net Total 34,687.80 359.38 348.63 430.14 671.12 36,497.07
ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) recognized during the period is recognized as income/ expense in the
Statement of Profit and Loss under the head ‘Other expenses. The balance sheet presentation for financial instruments
is described below:
Financial assets measured as at amortised cost: ECL is presented as an allowance, i.e., as an integral part of the
measurement of those assets in the balance sheet. The allowance reduces the net carrying amount. Until the asset
meets write-off criteria, the company does not reduce impairment allowance from the gross carrying amount.
(iii) Liquidity Risk: Liquidity risk is the risk, where the company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated
with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The company’s approach to
ensure, as far as possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due.
The table below summarizes the maturity profile of company’s financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted
payments:
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at March 31, 2026
Carrying On < 1 Year 1 to 2 > 2 years Total
Amount Demand Years
Interest bearing Borrowings 1,57,846.76 38,966,94 26967.10 27,431.97 64,480.75 1,57,846.76
Other Liabilities 57,546.33 - 43,203.83 9,129.57 5,212.93 57,546.33
Trade Payables 78,787.19 - 78,787.19 - - 78,787.19
Total 2,94,180.28 38,966.94 1,48,958.12 36,561.54 69,693.68 2,94,180.28
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at March 31, 2025
Carrying On < 1 Year 1 to 2 > 2 years Total
Amount Demand Years
Interest bearing borrowings 1,80,427.15 44,714.12 31,704.03 32,136.34 71,872.66 1,80,427.15
Other Liabilities 50,431.79 - 39,571.05 6,380.01 4,480.73 50,431.79
Trade Payables 97,931.63 - 97,931.63 - - 97,931.63
Total 3,28,790.57 44,714.12 1,69,206.71 38,516.35 76,353.39 3,28,790.57
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 185]]
175
43. Corporate social responsibility (CSR)
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Amount required to be spent by the company 388.95 326.01
during the year
Amount spent during the year 423.60 353.25
Amount of setoff availed during the year 27.24 -
Shortfall at the end of the year NIL NIL
Total of previous years shortfall NIL NIL
Reason for shortfall NA NA
Nature of CSR Activities Sanitation and safe drinking water,
Healthcare, Promoting education,
Environment and Sustainability, Rural
Development and Disaster management,
Women Empowerment and, Training to
promote rural sports.
Details of Related party transactions NIL NIL
Disclosure for excess CSR spent and carried forward for set-off in next year is as under: (````` in Lakh)
Financial Year Opening Amount required Amount spent Amount Lapse/ Closing
Balance to be spent during during the year Not Utilized Balance
the year
2025-26 27.24 388.95 423.60 - 61.89
2024-25 2.49 326.01 353.25 2.49 27.24
44. Details of Loan given during the year covered under Section 186(4) of the Companies Act, 2013: NIL
45. Capital risk management
The Company’s policy is to maintain an adequate capital base so as to maintain creditor and market confidence and to
sustain future development. Capital includes issued capital, share premium and all other equity reserves attributable to
equity holders. The primary objective of the Company’s capital management is to maintain an optimal structure so as to
maximize the shareholder’s value. In order to strengthen the capital base, the company may use appropriate means to
enhance or reduce capital, as the case may be.
The Company is not subject to any external imposed capital requirement. The company monitors capital using a gearing
ratio, which is net debt divided by total capital plus net debt. Net Debt is calculated as borrowings less cash and cash
equivalents.
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Borrowings 1,57,846.76 1,80,427.15
Less : Cash and Cash equivalents 3,186.61 683.72
Net debt 1,54,660.15 1,79,743.43
Equity Share Capital 3,351.34 3,096.15
Other Equity 2,89,926.51 2,22,491.51
Total Capital 2,93,277.85 2,25,587.66
Capital and net debt 4,47,938.00 4,05,331.09
Gearing ratio 34.53% 44.34%
Sanitation and safe drinking water,
Healthcare, Promoting education,
Environment and Sustainability, Rural
Development and Disaster management,
Women Empowerment, Training to
promote Paralympic and Olympic sports,
Promotional and development of
traditional art and handicrafts.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 186]]
176
46. Derivative financial instruments
A. Commodity and Foreign Exchange Derivatives and exposures.
(a) Outstanding at the year- end as follows
Nature of Instruments 2025-26 2025-26 2024-25 2024-25
Amount Amount Amount Amount
(FC in millions) ( ````` in Lakh) (FC in millions) ( ````` in Lakh)
Forward Contracts / Options – USD 3.73 3,534.49 52.86 45,182.09
Open foreign exchange exposures:
Export debtors Net of Packing Credit - (16.27) (15,432.38) (11.14) (9,518.16)
USD
Payable – USD 14.91 14,136.33 7.34 6,277.81
(B) The Company has derivative instruments for hedging possible losses and exchange fluctuation losses. During the
year company has incurred net off gain of ` 107.53 Lakh (previous year ` 417.99 Lakh - loss) out of which gain of
` 93.24 Lakh (previous year loss of ` 448.53 Lakh) relating to provision for mark to market gain/loss on account of
outstanding financial transactions as on 31 st March 2026.
47. Fair valuation techniques
The Company maintains policies and procedures to value financial assets or financial liabilities using the best and most
relevant data available. The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount that would be
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date.
(````` in Lakh)
Particular As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Carrying Fair Value Carrying Fair Value
amount Amount
(i) Financial Assets
(a) At Amortized Cost
Trade Receivable 35,139.52 35,139.52 36,497.07 36,497.07
Others 13,150.37 13,150.37 17,600.17 17,600.17
Total 48,289.89 48,289.89 54,097.24 54,097.24
(ii) Financial Liabilities
(a) At Fair value through Profit & Loss
-  Forward contract & Options -93.24 -93.24 448.53 448.53
(b) At Amortized Cost
-  Borrowing 1,57,846.76 1,57,846.76 180,427.15 180,427.15
-  Trade payable 78,787.19 78,787.19 97,931.63 97,931.63
-  Others 57,639.57 57,639.57 50,431.79 50,431.79
Total (a) + (b) 2,94,180.28 2,94,180.28 3,29,239.10 3,29,239.10
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
1) Fair value of cash and deposits, trade receivables, trade payables, and other current financial assets and liabilities
approximate their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.
2) Fair value of borrowings from banks and other non-current financial liabilities, are estimated by discounting future
cash flows using rates currently available for debt on similar terms and remaining maturities.
3) Other non-current receivables are evaluated by the Company, based on parameters such as interest rates, individual
creditworthiness of the counterparty etc. Based on this evaluation, allowances are taken to account for the expected
losses of these receivables.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 187]]
177
4) The fair values of derivatives are calculated using the RBI reference rate as on the reporting date as well as other
variable parameters.
Fair Value hierarchy
All financial assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured in the financial statements are categorised within the fa ir
value hierarchy, described as follows: -
Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets.
Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly.
Level 3 - Inputs that are not based on observable market data.
The following table presents the fair value measurement hierarchy of financial assets and liabilities, which have been
measured subsequent to initial recognition at fair value as at 31 st March, 2026 and 31 st March 2025:
(````` in Lakh)
Assets / Liabilities measured at fair value (Accounted) As at March 31, 2026
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Financial assets
Derivatives -Forward contracts & Options -9 3 . 2 4 -
Financial liabilities - - -
(````` in Lakh)
Assets / Liabilities measured at fair value (Accounted) As at March 31, 2025
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Financial assets -- -
Financial liabilities
Derivatives -Forward contracts & Options - 448.53 -
(C) During the year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value
measurements, and no transfer into and out of Level 3 fair value measurements. There is no transaction / balance under
level 3.
48. Earnings per share (EPS) (````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Net profit/ (loss) for the year attributable to equity shareholders ( ` in Lakh) 29,276.18 23,092.45
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding* 6,37,12,813 6,19,23,000
Basic and diluted earnings per share (face value of ` 5 each) (`)* 45.95 37.29
Calculation of Weighted average number of equity shares ( ````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Opening number of equity shares 6,19,23,000 *6,19,23,000
Add: Weighted shares issued during the year (Preferential issue, 17,89,813 -
allotment on dated 24 th Nov 2025, 51,03,765*128/365)
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 6,37,12,813 6,19,23,000
*Previous year numbers has been adjusted for the share splits effected during the current year (Refer note 17(g)).
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 188]]
178
49. Related Parties Disclosure (As identified by the management):
(i) Relationships:
A. Holding Company
- Kashipur Holdings Limited (w.e.f. 02.12.2024 till 23.11.2025)
B. Key Management Personnel
- U. S. Bhartia (Chairman and Managing Director)
- Pragya Bhartia Barwale (Executive Director)
- Alok Singhal (Executive Director)
- Jayshree Bhartia (Non – Executive Director)
- Pradip Kumar Khaitan (Independent Director) (Till 30.09.2024)
- Jitender Balakrishnan (Independent Director) (Till 30.09.2024)
- Ravi Jhunjhunwala (Independent Director) (Till 30.09.2024)
- Jagmohan N. Kejriwal (Independent Director) (Till 30.09.2024)
- Ravi Kumar (Independent Director) (w.e.f. 02.02.2024)
- Shukla Wassan (Independent Director)
- Sushil Dutt Salwan (Independent Director) (w.e.f. 01.10.2024)
- Samrat Banerjee (Independent Director) (w.e.f. 01.10.2024)
- Rupark Sarswat (Chief Executive Officer)
- Anand Singhal (Chief Financial Officer)
- Ankur Jain (Company Secretary)
C. Relatives of Key Management Personnel
- Executors to the estate of Late Sajani devi Bhartia
- Shirish Barwale
- Pooja Jhaver
- Vedant Jhaver
- Anand Singhal (HUF)
D. Enterprises over which Key Management Personnel have significant influence:
- Ajay Commercial Co. (P) Ltd.
- J. B. Commercial Co. (P) Ltd.
- Kashipur Holdings Limited (w.e.f. 24.11.2025)
- Polylink Polymers (India) Ltd.
- Hindustan Wires Limited
- Facit Commosales (P) Ltd.
- J. Boseck & Co. (P) Ltd.
- IGL Infrastructure Private Limited. (IGL Infra)
- Khaitan & Company (Till 30.09.2024)
- Khaitan & company LLP (Till 30.09.2024)
- Lund & Blockley Pvt. Ltd
- Sukhvarsha Distributors Pvt. Ltd
- KHL Finance Limited (Formerly known as HWL Traders Limited)
- Supreet Vyapaar Private Ltd (merged with Kashipur Holdings Limited on 02.12.2024)
E. Joint Venture Enterprise
- Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited
F. Trust under company control
- India Glycols Limited Employees Group Gratuity Trust Scheme
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 189]]
179
(````` in Lakh)
Related Party Holding Significant Influence Joint Venture Key Managerial Person Relative of KMP
Transaction Summary 2026 2025 2026 2025 2026 2025 2026 2025 2026 2025
Purchase of Material - - - - 14.78 102.00 - --
Sale of Material - - 1,377.34 3,034.91 40,796.19 48,114.94 - - - -
Legal & Professional Fee - - 36.00 82.83 - - - --
Directors sitting Fees - - - - - - 23.60 22.00 - -
Sale of Service - - - - 670.80 575.34 - - - -
Dividend Paid - - 4,167.73 1,281.21 - - 169.51 54.24 549.46 175.83
Interest Income - - - - - 496.39 - - - -
Commission Paid - - - - - - 2,284.48 1,521.90 - -
Reimbursement of Expenses made - - 1.57 1.78 44.88 - - - - -
Reimbursement of Expenses Received - - 17.61 16.53 - 2.77 - - - -
Dividend Income - - - - 3,600.00 - - - - -
ICD Received - - 1,400.00 - - - - - - -
ICD Paid Back - - 4,400.00 - - - - - - -
Interest Expense - - 208.35 300.00 - - - - - -
Rent & maintenance Paid - 1.35 1,086.41 1,081.35 5.78 5.78 24.00 24.00 - -
Vehicle Lease Rent - - - - - - - - 12.00 12.00
Salary Paid - - - - - - 679.79 617.66 - -
Managerial Remuneration - - - - - - 812.35 767.08 - -
Rental Income - - - - 57.90 54.05 - - - -
Deferred consideration received - - - - - 7,106.00 - - - -
Payable
ICD Payable (including Accrued Interest) - - - 3,000.00 - - - - - -
Others - - - 13.57 - - 2,288.85 1,455.83 - 0.98
Security Deposit - - - - 2.45 2.45 - - - -
Receivable
Security Deposit Receivable - - 1,383.85 1,383.85 - - 500.00 500.00 - -
Others - 1.52 209.22 104.90 1,490.61 2,452.94 - - - -
Interest Receivable - - - - - 287.30 - - - -
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 190]]
180
(ii) (a) Remuneration/Salary paid to KMP
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Short-term employee benefits  # 1,373.34 1271.29
Post-employment benefits
- Defined contribution plan $1 1 8 . 7 9 113.45
- Other long-term benefits *
Total 1,492.13 1384.74
# Including value of perquisites.
*As the liability for gratuity and leave encashment are provided on actuarial basis for the Company as a whole, amounts
accrued pertaining to key managerial personnel are not included above.
$ Employer Contribution of Provident Fund
(b) Detail of remuneration to KMP:-
a) Chairman & Managing Director – ` 587.81 Lakh (Previous Year ` 558.39 Lakh)
b) Chairman & Managing Director (Commission) – ` 1,466.32 Lakh (Previous Year ` 966.60 Lakh)
c) Executive Director – ` 119.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 119.00 Lakh)
d) Executive Director – (Commission) - ` 733.16 Lakh (Previous Year ` 483.30 Lakh)
e) Executive Director – ` 105.54 Lakh (Previous Year ` 89.69 Lakh)
f) Chief Executive Officer – ` 461.32 Lakh (Previous Year ` 435.98 Lakh)
g) Chief Financial Officer – ` 119.77 Lakh (Previous Year ` 104.42 Lakh)
h) Company Secretary – ` 98.69 Lakh (Previous Year ` 77.26 Lakh)
(c) Sitting fees paid to KMP:
a) Jayshree Bhartia - ` 2.20 Lakh (Previous Year ` 2.10 Lakh)
b) Sushil Dutt Salwan - ` 3.30 Lakh (Previous Year ` 1.20 Lakh)
c) Shukla Wassan - ` 4.50 Lakh (Previous Year ` 3.40 Lakh)
d) Ravi Kumar - ` 6.60 Lakh (Previous Year ` 4.20 Lakh)
e) Samrat Banerjee - ` 7.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 2.50 Lakh)
f) Pradip Kumar Khaitan - ` NIL (Previous Year ` 3.30 Lakh)
g) Jagmohan N. Kejriwal - ` NIL (Previous Year ` 1.30 Lakh)
h) Ravi jhunjhunwala - ` NIL (Previous Year ` 1.90 Lakh)
i) Jitender Balakrishnan - ` NIL (Previous Year ` 2.10 Lakh)
(d) Commission paid to KMP:
a) Jayshree Bhartia - ` 15.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 12.00 Lakh)
b) Sushil Dutt Salwan - ` 15.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 12.00 Lakh)
c) Shukla Wassan - ` 15.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 12.00 Lakh)
d) Ravi Kumar - ` 25.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 24.00 Lakh)
e) Samrat Banerjee - ` 15.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 12.00 Lakh)
(iii) Detail of transaction India Glycols Limited Employees Group Gratuity Trust Scheme
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Contribution Nil 325.00
Outstanding at the Year End 489.00 (76.90)
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 191]]
181
(iv) Disclosure in respect of Material Related Party transactions during the year:
a) Sales of Material are to:
• Hindustan Wires Limited. ` 1,377.34 Lakh (Previous Year ` 3,034.91 Lakh).
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 40,796.19 Lakh (Previous Year ` 48,114.94 Lakh)
b) Legal & Professional fees:
• Khaitan & Co. LLP ` NIL (Previous Year ` 46.83 Lakh).
• Hindustan Wires Ltd ` 36.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 36.00 Lakh)
c) Inter Corporate Deposit (ICD) Received includes :
• Kashipur Holdings Ltd ` 1400.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil)
d) Inter Corporate Deposit (ICD) Paid back includes :
• Kashipur Holdings Ltd ` 1400.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil)
• Hindustan Wires Ltd ` 3000.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil)
e) Interest Expense includes from :
• Kashipur Holdings Ltd ` 15.61 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil)
• Hindustan Wires Ltd ` 192.74 Lakh (Previous Year ` 300.00 Lakh)
f) Interest Income includes from:
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` Nil (net of discount) (Previous Year ` 496.39 Lakh - net of
discount)
g) Dividend Income
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 3600.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil)
h) Reimbursement of expense made:
• Hindustan Wires Limited ` 1.57 Lakh (Previous Year ` 1.78 Lakh)
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 44.88 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil)
i) Reimbursement of expense Received.
• IGL Infrastructure ` 17.61 Lakh (Previous Year ` 16.53 Lakh)
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` Nil (Previous Year ` 2.77 Lakh)
j) Rent & Maintenance Paid to :
• IGL Infra ` 1,067.74 Lakh (Previous Year ` 1,064.42 Lakh)
• Kashipur Holding Limited ` 4.16 Lakh (Previous Year ` 3.87 Lakh)
• Ajay Commercial Co (P) Ltd ` 7.26 Lakh (Previous Year ` 7.21 Lakh)
• J.B. Commercial Co (P) Ltd ` 7.26 Lakh (Previous Year ` 7.21 Lakh)
• U.S Bhartia ` 24.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 24.00 Lakh)
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 5.78 Lakh (Previous Year ` 5.78 Lakh)
k) Vehicle Lease Paid to:
• Anand Singhal HUF ` 12.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 12.00 Lakh)
l) Purchase of Material:
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 14.78 Lakh (Previous Year ` 102.00 Lakh)
m) Sale of Services
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 670.80 Lakh (Previous Year ` 575.34 Lakh)
n) Rental Income
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 57.90 Lakh (Previous Year ` 54.05 Lakh)
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 192]]
182
o) Deferred consideration received
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` Nil (Previous Year ` 7,106.00 Lakh)
p) Dividend Paid
• U. S. Bhartia - ` 112.18 Lakh (Previous Year ` 35.90 Lakh)
• Pooja Jhaver - ` 24.40 Lakh (Previous Year ` 7.81 Lakh)
• Pragya Bhartia Barwale- ` 0.08 Lakh (Previous Year ` 0.02 Lakh)
• Jayshree Bhartia- ` 57.25 Lakh (Previous Year ` 18.32 Lakh)
• Sukhvarsha Distributors Pvt. Ltd- ` 90.47 Lakh (Previous Year ` 28.95 Lakh)
• Executors to the estate of Late Sajani devi Bhartia- ` 525.06 Lakh (Previous Year ` 168.02 Lakh)
• Hindustan Wires Limited- ` 16.25 Lakh (Previous Year ` 5.20 Lakh)
• Kashipur Holdings Limited - ` 4,061.01 Lakh (Previous Year ` 944.68 Lakh)
• Supreet Vyapaar Private Ltd- ` Nil (Previous Year ` 21.43 Lakh)
• Facit Commosales (P) Ltd- ` Nil (Previous Year ` 84.63 Lakh)
• J. Boseck & Co. (P) Ltd- ` Nil (Previous Year ` 69.15 Lakh)
• J. B. Commercial Co. (P) Ltd - ` Nil (Previous Year ` 78.23 Lakh)
• Ajay Commercial Co. (P) Ltd - ` Nil (Previous Year ` 48.90 Lakh)
• Lund & Blockley Pvt. Ltd - ` Nil (Previous Year ` 0.04 Lakh)
Balance Outstanding
a) ICD Payable (including Accrued Interest) :
• Hindustan Wires Ltd. ` Nil (Previous Year ` 3,000.00 Lakh)
b) Outstanding Payable includes:
• Hindustan Wires Ltd. ` Nil (Previous Year ` 13.57 Lakh)
• Rupark Sarswat ` Nil (Previous Year ` 0.96 Lakh)
• Alok Singhal ` 3.72 Lakh (Previous Year ` 4.50 Lakh)
• Anand Singhal HUF ` Nil (Previous Year ` 0.98 Lakh)
• Anand Singhal ` 0.53 Lakh (Previous Year ` 0.32 Lakh)
• Ankur Jain ` 0.12 Lakh (Previous Year ` 0.02 Lakh)
• US Bhartia ` 1,466.32 Lakh (Previous Year ` 966.73 Lakh)
• Pragya Bhartia Barwale ` 733.16 Lakh (Previous Year ` 483.30 Lakh)
c) Security Deposit receivable:
• Ajay Commercial Co. (P) Limited ` 400.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 400.00 Lakh)
• J.B. Commercial Co. (P) Limited ` 400.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 400.00 Lakh)
• IGL Infra ` 583.85 Lakh (Previous Year ` 583.85 Lakh)
• US Bhartia ` 500.00 Lakh (Previous Year ` 500.00 Lakh)
d) Security Deposit Payable
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 2.45 Lakh (Previous Year ` 2.45 Lakh)
e) Outstanding Receivable includes:
• Hindustan Wires Ltd. ` 110.14 Lakh (Previous Year ` Nil)
• IGL Infra ` 97.60 Lakh (Previous Year ` 104.90 Lakh)
• Kashipur Holdings Ltd. ` 1.47 Lakh (Previous Year ` 1.52 Lakh)
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` 1,490.61 Lakh (Previous Year ` 2,452.94 Lakh)
f) Interest Receivable
• Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals Private Limited ` Nil (Previous Year ` 287.30 Lakh)
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 193]]
183
50. Dividend on Equity Share
Proposed Dividend on equity share not recognized as liability
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Dividend proposed for Equity shareholders of ` Nil per share (Previous Year Nil 3,096.15
2024-25 - ` 10.00 per share with face value of ` 10 each)
Above is subject to approval of the shareholders in the Annual General Meeting.
Interim Dividend on equity share
(````` in Lakh)
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Interim Dividend for Equity shareholders of ` 7.5 per share with face value 5,027.01 Nil
of ` 5 each) (Previous Year 2024-25 - ` Nil per share)
51. a) In compliance with Ind AS 112 on Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities, following disclosures are made in respect
of jointly controlled entity - Kashipur Infrastructure and Freight Terminal Private Limited and Clariant IGL Specialty
Chemicals Private Limited (CISCPL), in which the Company is a joint venturer:
(````` in Lakh)
CISCPL
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Country of Incorporation India
Percentage of Share in Joint Venture 49% 49%
Current Assets 17,938.86 18,235.53
Non- Current Assets 32,991.22 34,486.40
Current Liabilities 7,573.24 10,480.28
Non- Current Liabilities 4,468.27 4,101.89
Revenue 64,005.25 63,783.78
Profit/(Loss) for the year 4,641.68 4,640.10
Total Comprehensive Income 4,636.67 4,616.57
52. Segment Information:
Disclosures as required by Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 108 Operating Segments
Identifications of Segments:
Segments have been identified in line with Indian Accounting Standard on ‘Operating Segments’ (Ind AS -108), taking into
account the organizational structure as well as the differential risk and returns of this segment and as per the quantitative
criteria specified under IND AS. The Company has identified the following segments:
Operating Segments:
Bio-based Specialities and Performance Chemicals Segment comprises Glycols, Specialty Chemicals, Natural Gum &
other related goods etc.
Potable Spirits Segment comprises manufacture and sale of Ethyl Alcohol (Potable).
Ennature Biopharma comprises manufacture and sale of Nutraceutical Products.
Bio-fuel comprises Ethanol, DDGS & DWGS.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 194]]
184
Information about Operating Segments for the year ended 31-3-2026 & 31-3-2025 is as follows:- (````` in Lakh)
Particulars Bio-based Specialities Potable S pirits Ennature Biopharma Bio-Fuel Unallocable TOTAL
and Performance
Chemicals
31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
A REVENUE
1 Gross Segment Revenue 1,20,249.94 1,34,213.03 6,94,642.66 6,43,389.64 20,777.15 21,937.15 1,46,993.43 1,04,355.26 - - 9,82,663.18 9,03,895.08
(External Customers)
Total 1,20,249.94 1,34,213.03 6,94,642.66 6,43,389.64 20,777.15 21,937.15 1,46,993.43 1,04,355.26 - - 9,82,663.18 9,03,895.08
2 Other Income 492.98 1,455.35 492.98 1,455.35
B RESULTS
1 Segment Result (PBIT) 14,095.25 12,525.54 28,492.61 25,643.99 723.43 2,076.48 11,523.27 5,668.00 (4,954.00) (4,884.65) 49,880.56 41,029.36
2 Share of net profit/ (loss) 4,641.68 4,640.10
of Joint Ventures
3 Interest Expense (Net) 16,718.43 16,437.49
4 Exceptional Items 82.89 -
5 Tax Expenses 8,444.74 6,139.52
6 Profit after Tax 29,276.18 23,092.45
C Other information:
1 Segment Assets 3,60,058.79 3,54,487.40 59,659.69 57,922.69 42,642.36 44,100.50 1,42,995.97 1,11,662.98 46,938.00 49,436.31 6,52,294.81 6,17,609.88
2 Segment Liabilities 73,796.85 93,025.51 32,652.65 33,514.04 9,249.34 6,213.81 9,227.12 8,981.28 2,34,091.00 2,50,287.49 3,59,016.96 3,92,021.83
3 Depreciation and 11,105.97 8,104.74 666.26 520.20 830.79 790.51 2,641.62 1,840.42 292.96 264.13 15,537.61 11,520.00
Amortization expenses
4 Capital Expenditure 27,932.97 26,612.21 3,522.81 2,647.29 1,849.99 1,844.79 44,093.36 35,035.73 - - 77,399.13 66,140.02
Information about geographical areas: (````` In Lakh)
Particulars Domestic Overseas Total
31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025 31.03.2026 31.03.2025
1 Gross Segment Revenue (External Customers) 9,32,359.17 8,49,702.45 50,304.01 54,192.63 9,82,663.18 9,03,895.08
Overseas County- wise sales: (````` In Lakh)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
USA 875.68 1,424.62
Japan 2,727.51 3,687.43
Taiwan 2,900.66 5,494.44
Indonesia 12,760.67 9,514.60
South Korea 8,180.67 10,171.71
Other Countries 22,858.82 23,899.83
Total 50,304.01 54,192.63
All non- current assets of the Company are located in India.
There is no transaction with single external customer which amounts to 10% or more of the Company’s revenue.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 195]]
185
53. Income Tax:
During the earlier year, the Company decided to exercise the option available under section 115BAA of the Income Tax
Act, 1961 as introduced by the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019 onwards and recognised the tax provision
on the basis the rates prescribed in that section.
(A) Amounts recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss ( ````` in Lakh)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Tax Expense: 8,444.74 6,139.52
Total 8,444.74 6,139.52
Tax Expense:  
- Current Tax 2,114.50 1,714.01
- Deferred tax Charged / (Credit) 6,330.24 4,425.51
Total 8,444.74 6,139.52
(B) Income Tax recognised in other comprehensive Income ( ````` in Lakh)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Current Income Tax on Re-measurement losses on defined benefit plans 58.75 37.01
Total 58.75 37.01
(C) Reconciliation of deferred tax liabilities, net ( ````` in Lakh)
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Enacted income tax rate in India applicable to the Company 25.17% 25.17%
Profit Before Tax 33,079.24 24,591.87
At Statutory Income Tax Rate 8,326.04 6,189.77
Related to sale of non-current investment (LTCL)
Related to Property, Plant & Equipment (46.09) (70.61)
Deferred tax Related to house property (1.60) (2.06)
Others 166.39 22.42
Income Tax expense/(income) reported in Statement of P&L Account 8,444.74 6,139.52
(D) Reconciliation of deferred tax liabilities, net ( ````` in Lakh)
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Opening Balance 44,237.61 39,841.42
Deferred Tax expense recognised in :-
Statement of profit & loss 6,330.24 4,425.51
Other comprehensive income (58.75) (37.01)
Total 50,509.10 44,229.92
Adjustment on account of disposal of Subsidiary Co and others 1.69 7.69
Closing Balance 50,510.79 44,237.61
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 196]]
186
54. Additional Information as required under schedule III of the Companies Act,2013, of the enterprises consolidated as subsidiary
& Joint Venture for the Year 2025-26:
(````` in Lakh)
Sl. Name of the entity Net Assets (i.e., total assets Share in profit Share in Other Share in Total
No. minus total liabilities) or (loss) Comprehensive Income Comprehensive Income
As % of Amount As % of Amount As % of Amount As % of Amount
consolidated consolidated consolidated consolidated
net assets profit or loss profit or loss profit or loss
A Parent
India Glycols Limited 86.52% 2,53,743.84 96.44% 28,232.73 104.54% (169.64) 96.39% 28,063.09
B Subsidiaries
(a) Indian
1 IGL Finance Limited 0.09% 267.66 0.00% (0.46) 0.00% 0 0.00% (0.46)
2 Ennature Bio Pharma 0.00% (0.51) 0.00% (0.15) 0.00% 0 0.00% (0.15)
Limited
3 IGL Chemicals and Services 0.01% 21.59 0.96% 280.23 0.00% 0 0.96% 280.23
Private Limited
4 IGL Spirits Limited 0.00% 0.62 0.00% (0.22) 0.00% 0 0.00% (0.22)
(b) Foreign
1 IGL Chem International PTE LTD (0.05%) (150.29) (0.12%) (35.20) 8.01% (13.00) (0.17%) (48.20)
2 IGL Chem International USA LLC 0.18% 520.18 1.00% 292.83 (22.28%) 36.15 1.13% 328.98
(C) Joint Venture (as per Equity
Consolidation Method)
(a) Indian
Clariant IGL Specialty Chemicals 13.26% 38,888.57 15.85% 4,641.68 3.08% (5.00) 15.93% 4,636.67
Private Limited (CISCPL)
Eliminations 0.00% (13.81) (14.12%) (4,135.26) 6.65% (10.79) (14.24%) (4,146.04)
TOTAL 100% 2,93,277.85 100% 29,276.18 100% (162.28) 100% 29,113.90
55. Event Occurring After Balance Sheet Date
The Board of Directors has recommended Equity dividend of ` Nil per share (previous year ` 10.00 per share) for the
financial year 2025-26
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 197]]
187
56. Financial Ratio Analysis
Ratio Numerator Denominator 2025-26 2024-25
Current ratio (in times) Total current assets Current liabilities = Total current liabilities - 0.86 0.91
Current maturities of long term borrowings
Debt-Equity ratio Total debts Total equity 0.54 0.80
(in times)*
Debt service coverage Earning for Debt Service = Net Profit Debt service = Interest on term loan and + 1.47 1.41
ratio (in times) after taxes Depreciation + Other Term loan Principal repayments
non-cash adjustments
Return on equity ratio Net Profit after tax for the year Average total equity 11% 11%
(in %)
Inventory Turnover ratio Net Turnover (exclude excise duty) Average Inventory 4.09 3.31
(in times)
Trade receivables Net Turnover (exclude excise duty) Average trade receivables 11.76 10.06
turnover ratio (in times)
Trade payables turnover Net credit purchases Average trade payables 3.22 2.81
ratio (in times)
Net capital turnover ratio Net Turnover (exclude excise duty) Average working capital (i.e. Total current (19.39) (20.40)
(in times) assets less current liabilities)(Current
liabilities = Total current liabilities - Current
maturities of long term borrowings)
Net profit ratio (in %) Net Profit after tax for the year Net Turnover (exclude excise duty) 7% 6%
Return on capital Profit before tax and finance costs Capital employed = Net worth + Total 10% 9%
employed (in %) Debts + Deferred tax liabilities
Return on investment Income generated from invested Average invested funds in treasury NA NA
(in %) funds investments
*The variation in Debt-Equity ratio as at March 31, 2026 as compared to March 31, 2025 is primarily due to decrease in debts an d
increase in equity.
57. During the year, effective 21st November 2025, the Government of India has consolidated multiple existing labour legislations
into a unified framework comprising of four Labour Codes - the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020,
the Code on Social Security, 2020, and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, collectively
referred to as the ‘New Labour Codes’. The enactment of these codes has resulted in changes to the computation of
certain employee benefits. The parent Company has assessed the impact of these changes in accordance with Ind AS 19
- Employee Benefits and the guidance Issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). The resulting
additional employee benefit expense of ` 82.89 lakh, being non-recurring, has been presented under “Exceptional Items”.
The Company continues to monitor further notifications and rules under the new Labour Codes and will account for any
additional Impact as required.
58. The Board of Directors of the parent Company at their meeting held on 16 th October, 2025 had considered and approved
the Raising funds through Issuance of up to 51,03,765 Equity Shares of Face Value of ` 5/- each, at a price of ` 915/- per
Equity Share, (including a premium of ` 910/- per equity share), determined in accordance with the provisions of Chapter
V of SEBI (Issue of capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (“SEBI ICDR Regulations”), for cash, for an
aggregate amount of up to ` 4,66,99,44,975/- on preferential basis and the same has been approved by the shareholders
of the parent company at their Extraordinary General Meeting held on 12 th November 2025. The Preferential Allotment
Committee of the Board completed the allotment of the aforesaid equity shares to the respective allottees on 24th November
2025 and the Company’s paid-up share capital was accordingly increased to ` 33,51,33,825/-. The listing and trading
approvals from the Stock Exchanges for above acquired equity shares were obtained on 5 th January, 2026 effective from
6th January, 2026.
59. Other Statutory information
a. The Group does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the
Group for holding any Benami property.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 198]]
188
b. There are no transactions and / or balance outstanding with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies
Act, 2013.
c. The Group does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory
period.
d. The Group has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
e. The Group has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign
entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf
of the Group (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
ii) provided any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
f. The Group has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with
the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Group shall:
i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf
of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
ii) provided any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
g. The Group does not any transactions which are not recorded in the books of accounts that have been surrendered or
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or
survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961)
h. The Group does not have any investments through more than two layers of investment companies as per section
2(87) (d) and section 186 of Companies Act, 2013.
i. The Title deeds of the immovable properties (other than properties where the Group is the lessee and the lease
agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee) are held in the name of the Group.
j. The Group has sanctioned facilities from banks on the basis of security of current assets. The periodic returns filed by
the Group with such banks are in agreement with the books of accounts of the Group.
k. The Group has adhered to debt repayment and interest service obligations on time. Wilful defaulter related disclosures
required as per Additional Regulatory Information of Schedule III (revised) to the Companies Act, is not applicable.
l. Term loans availed by the Group were, applied by the Group during the year for the purposes for which the loans were
obtained.
60. The figures of the previous period/year have been restated/regrouped wherever necessary, to make them comparable.
As per our report of even date
For K N Gutgutia & Co. U. S. Bhartia Alok Singhal
Chartered Accountants Chairman and Managing Director Executive Director
Firm Registration no. 304153E DIN: 00063091 DIN: 10359043
B.R.Goyal Rupark Sarswat Anand Singhal
Partner Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Membership Number 12172
Place: Noida, UP Ankur Jain
Date : May 14, 2026 Company Secretary
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
[[page 199]]
