=== A1 EXTRACTION HEADER ===
source_filename: concall_URBANCO_q1fy27.txt
doctype: concall
page_count_pdfinfo: 1 (plain-text transcript, no PDF pages; treated as single page for coverage gate)
formfeed_count: 0 (no form-feed page markers; plain-text source, not PDF)
line_count: 102
unit_convention: Crores (INR)
conversion_factor_to_cr: Crores -> x1
ocr_pages: none (source supplied as plain text transcript; no OCR performed, per rule 4 of OPERATING RULES)
page_coverage: 100%
detected_quarter: Q1 FY27
extraction_date: 2026-08-01
extraction_note: Source supplied verbatim as plain text (.txt), not PDF. Saved as-is per rule 4: no paraphrase, no summary, no correction of transcription artifacts. Original transcription errors preserved verbatim including but not limited to: "FI27" (FY27), "IBIDA"/"AITA" (EBITDA), "instead"/"instel"/"Insta Health" (Insta Help - the on-demand home services vertical), "Abhat/Abhira/Airaj/Aira/Ain" (CEO name, transcribed as Abhirat Singh Bhal in the intro), "19 crores" cash figure (as stated in source; downstream agents flag for plausibility), "dam"/"spam"/"town"/"price"/"stam"/"channel" (all apparent transcription variants of "TAM" - total addressable market). No text was cleaned, corrected, or normalized.
=== END HEADER ===

Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Urban Company Limited's Q1 FI27 earnings conference call. We have Mr. Abhirat Singh Bhal, CEO and co-founder and Mr. Abhim Matur, chief financial officer from the urban company management team on the call today. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listenonly mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the management's remarks. Please note that this call is being recorded. and the audio call and the transcript will be available on the company's website. Additionally, this earnings call is scheduled for a duration of 60 minutes. If you wish to ask a question, please use the raise hand feature available on your Zoom dashboard. We will announce your name on the call and unmute your line post which you can proceed with your question. Our results and shareholder letter has been published to the exchanges and uploaded on the company's IR website. Before we begin the call, I would like like to remind all the attendees that some statements or comments made on the call today by the management can be deemed as forward-looking and hence may involve certain risks and certainties and uncertainties. Such statements or comments are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results may differ. Over to Mr. Abhat Singh Bhal for the opening remarks.

Thank you very much Baba. Good Evening ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Urban Company's Q1 FY27 earnings call. Let me start by saying that Q1 was a very strong quarter for us, one of the best perhaps in the history of the company. Growth was broad-based across the business and our core business became even more profitable. Getting to the specifics on a consolidated basis, Q1 NTV grew 42% year on year to reach 1465 crores and revenue grew 44% year-onear to reach 528 crores. Total orders reached 13.2 million which is up 79% year-onear. We also added around 1.2 million new customers crossing the 1 million mark for the first time in a quarter and our annual transacting user base grew to 9.3 million. Now I'd like to highlight four important takeaways or points before we start the Q&A. The first is that our core India services business existel is accelerating and it is accelerating with margins improving year on year. India consumer services grew 29% in NTV yearon year to reach 1,56 crores the first time it crossed a,000 crores of NTV in a quarter. This is the fourth straight quarter of acceleration up from 10% same time last year to 19 to 21 to 26 to now 29% year-on-year growth. Adjusted Ibida margin was 6.9% of NTV up from 5.2% the same period last year. Our core business continues to compound well based on consistent quality customer trust increasing partner earnings and densification of our micro markets. The second point I want to highlight is that our international business is now scaling fast and profitably and will become the second core profit engine of urban company in the coming years. NTV grew 76% yearonear to reach 237 groups. Both UAE and Singapore delivered profitable growth. Our JV in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia also grew very well with marginal improvement. The third point that I want to highlight is that native continues to demonstrate strong growth with improving margins. NTV grew 51% yearonear to reach 119 crores and net revenue grew 60% yearonear to reach 95 crores. Adjusted IBIDA loss narrowed to 7.3% of NTV from 11.4% a year back. So an improvement of 400 110 basis points. As our early water purifier cohorts complete their first replacement cycle, about 75% of them are renewing filters through us, which adds a recurring high margin revenue stream. Four, Insta Health is our largest investment today and this business continues to scale. We delivered 3.82 million orders up 43% water on quarter. The adjusted IIDA loss stood at 132 crores. Loss per order improved from 447 rupees in Q4 to 346 rupees in this quarter. Has micro market density built up. We are investing aggressively in Insta to cement our leadership for a category that we believe is of strategic importance to urban company. We have also articulated in the shareholders letter a better view on the size of the price. We believe the addressable market in the top 15 cities ranges anywhere from 7 to 12,000 crores in India. Given the competitive dynamics, we have shared what we can on instel in the shareholders letter and will not go beyond that on this call. The consolidated P&L if I talk about that adjusted loss stood at 65 crores but this was almost entirely driven by the instead loss of 132 crores. Excluding instead the rest of our operations delivered an adjusted EIDA profit of 67 crores which is more than 100% growth from the same period last year specifically about 116%. I also want to highlight that we ended the quarter with 19 crores in cash and treasury investments on our balance sheet. which is only about 2 crores lower than where we ended the last quarter. So our balance sheet remains very strong and we continue to have a very strong and gold profitable age even as we invest in instead. We continue to retain our guidance of consolidated adjusted IBIDA break even by Q3 FY28 and 1,000 crores in adjusted by FY31. With that I will hand it back to to open the Q&A.

Thank you, Abhira. We will now wait for the question Q to assemble. As a reminder, if you wish to ask a question, please use the raise hand feature available on your Zoom dashboard. We will announce your name on the call and unmute your line post which you can proceed with your questions. The first question is from the line of Mr. Goravia from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Hi, hope I'm audible.

Yes.

Yeah. Hi, congratulations on uh great performance. Uh my first question is on your proposition around uh cheaper, faster, better that you talked about uh and that flywheel is working visible in the last two quarters on acceleration. Um uh at what point in time we can make a you know a very bold statement that the growth trajectory has shifted uh north side uh from a India consumer services and TV growth uh perspective uh because this flywheel is suddenly now you know giving you results uh that we have been waiting for some time

yeah that's a good question Gorov um I think the the you know I'll just take a minute to talk about this flight deal that you referred to U see as we've articulated in the letter as well uh our India consumer services business is not a single marketplace it is actually 50 plus service categories across hundreds if not thousands of micro markets and therefore we have to build up this density across all of those service micro market combinations while ensuring that our quality uh is not just consistent it actually improves year on year earnings for partners improve year-over-year and the overall fulfillment types keep coming down. Uh now this is a flywheel that starts to rotate better with densification as the category cross micro market combination densifies. Partners end up getting utilized much better. Consequently, their earnings improve and their churn comes down. Partners tend to then spend a lot longer on the platform. They become more tenured and because their earnings are improving and they're more dependent on the platform. Our ability to invest behind their quality, their training, the SOPs, the tooling and the technology, more of that uh improves further. This improves the end user quality uh builds on trust and very interestingly also brings down the fulfillment time and this has allowed us through the last two quarters to roll out UC instant uh which is basically getting all our core services be it salon, cleaning uh AC repair, electricians, plumber, carpenter etc etc between 30 to 60 minutes. So users don't have to wait and plan anymore and that you know further uh improves the word of mouth, improves usership uh improves user retention and frequency. Now this is what we're seeing play out um it has been playing out uh for the last few quarters.

Um at what point uh can we go out there and take a bold statement around our growth. I think as management we've always refrained uh from giving any forward-looking guidance um on this business. We believe the business is compounding really well. Uh we believe the growth is accelerating. Uh and more importantly, this is not coming uh as a trade-off with margins. It's actually coming with improving margins. Uh our long-term guidance of this business was 9 to 10% adjusted EBIDA margin as a percentage of NTV and this quarter we've already demonstrated that we are at 6.9. Um so we feel fairly confident of reaching that long-term guidance. Um I do want to highlight a couple of things. Um so that we also don't get very ahead of ourselves. Uh one is that the 21% uh year-on-year growth that we are seeing um the the base which is in the previous uh same uh quarter last year uh the growth was a bit muted because of transseal rains and monsoon. So there's a little bit of that impact as well uh in the acceleration. Yet we feel on the whole the acceleration is broad-based, secular and strong. The second point I do want to highlight um is that our margins uh in this business tend to have a certain spikiness um in the AMJ quarter um as well as in the quarter um and therefore margins are best visualized year on year. Also the business has delivered a very healthy 170 uh basis points improvement in adjustability margin. So overall I think we're very happy with where things are. We want to continue to focus on um what is in our control uh which is focus on user quality uh focus on uh fulfillment times focus on uh partner excellence and enablement growth is an outcome of that. Uh it's not really in our control uh and we are obviously chasing as fast growth as we can.

Thank you for the detailed answer. My second question is on uh the Insta segment. You know I saw that you have put out a TAM estimate this time and you also made very transparent and prudent comments around you know structural why should margins be lower in this business compared to the core India consumer business right and so just trying to understand why the segment should deserve this much of time and attention and bandwidth of the management. Is it also the fact that the competition using this segment can uh start venturing into the other core categories that we have? Do they get any right to win in the core categories just because they are present in this segment. So just trying to understand various strategic aspects of uh how we're thinking through uh from a medium-term perspective on this business.

Yeah, so Um a we think insta help is strategically very relevant to our platform. It is a high frequency category allows us uh to enter the home uh on a weekly basis rather than a a monthly or quarterly basis which is the frequency that our core consumer services business enjoys. Um and uh if we invest ahead of the curve in this category. Um I think it creates a very strong volume mode around our core business, allows the user to use the app multiple times uh a month. Um and long-term we think that will be very beneficial uh for the overall platform. So the first point I want to make is that our investment in Insta Health, we see it beyond just the ROI from the category itself. because we visualize the category in the larger scheme of the platform that we are building. Uh the second point is our view on the TAM. Um and we've given a bottom up uh assumption on on where we think the TAM is in the top 15 cities and our view is it's anywhere from 7,000 crores in NTV to about 12,000 crores. Um given that view of the town, uh I think it is even more important for us to be aggressive and capture that TAM and capture a disproportionate share of the profit pool of that TA. Um and that's one of the reasons why we have been aggressive and we will continue to be aggressive u with uh with the uh scale up.

All right, last question from me on capital allocation framework u by 3Q FI28 you would get to close to break even at the console adjusted AITA level, right? So would that be a time when you would start thinking about um you know uh allocating more capital to new segments within the existing categories like native or trying to figure out you know what could potentially help you to uh further expand the overall addressible market in each of the uh places like maybe new geographies in international uh business. So just trying to understand like at How are you thinking through from a capital allocation perspective uh from a you know two-year perspective?

Yeah. So from a two-year perspective um if I go segment by segment I think the India consumer services business will continue to remain profitable u and throw cash out. Um we will continue to be disciplined in our execution and grow um with sustainable margin improvement. We are not looking to squeeze all the margins out overnight. We want to be disciplined and maximize growth while ensuring that there is steady improvements in margin. Some quarters it will be up, some quarters it will be down. But directionally I think the India consumer services business will be a cash trading business going forward. We hold the same view for uh international um both UAE and Singapore which are only subsidiaries are profitable and we think they will continue to remain profitable. We want to maximize growth there. Again, we don't want to uh maximize profits in the short term. We think the market runway is tremendous and these are growing uh at a very very healthy clip as you can see. Uh so we want to maximize uh the growth there while making sure that these businesses remain uh profitable. Our joint venture in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is also growing exceptionally well and we now believe that we have line of sight of profitability the coming quarters in at JV as well. Coming to native, uh I think native has done exceptionally well in terms of growth and margin improvement. Um again something similar I would say for native where we now have line of sight of profitability in native uh over the next few quarters and the incremental capital between now and when native starts to generate cash in our view will not be very substantial. So the real area where we are investing uh today is instead I think Insta Health uh fair to say over the next two years if not longer we'll continue to take investments. Um Insta Health we are evaluating water on water uh what is the right uh level of investment um and as our view of the market of the competitive intensity and the size of price is evolving um so is our uh view on capital allocation. Uh I think you're right when we get to that overall adjusted break even stage uh hopefully latest in in uh the next 18 months or so uh then it's will be an important point in time for us to step back um and start to work on uh you know bases our capital allocation framework uh where to deploy the capital on our balance sheet to grow faster. I don't see us entering any new international markets. Um I think we are focused on India and focused on deepening our uh penetration uh in India and I think that will be where uh most of the effort will go.

Thank you. All the best.

Thank you. Thanks Korov. Um our next question is from the line of Mr. Manish Adukia from Goldman Sachs. Please go. Go ahead.

Hi, good evening. Uh, thank you for taking my questions and again a great set of results. Uh, uh, my first question actually is a follow on to your last comment that you made to Gorov's uh, question where you mentioned that uh, no plans to enter any new international markets. Now given just your track record in the three markets where you operate in particularly UAE and Singapore which not only have continued to accelerate growth or continue to grow really fast but have also now shown a proven model of profitability. Why should you not be able to export that same model to a few other markets and expand that particularly when your India core services is generating cash your native you say will become profitable in a few quarters and Insta help I'll come to in a bit as my second question but just trying to you know understand that part a bit better as to why would you not enter new geographies when you already have a playbook of making them profitable while growing

thanks for the question Manish uh Manish two parts to your twopart answer to your question one I think pure fully from a management bandwidth standpoint, we have our hands full uh with the India business opportunity as well as actually doing justice to the opportunity um in UAE, Singapore and the JV in Saudi, we believe these markets are only getting started. As you can see, the growth rate is extremely healthy. Um 76% year-on-year growth in NTV terms. Even if I remove the currency pack, it's a very healthy 58% year-on-year growth. uh and the opportunity size is large in these three geographies as it is extremely large in India. So we want to make sure that all our attention as management goes into doing justice to these opportunities. Uh that's the first and probably the most important reason. The second is I I think I also don't want to trivialize what it actually takes to enter and win in a market. Um it takes much more than uh you know just great execution. Um, often the playbooks have to be uh customized for that particular market. Um, and you need uh to be honest a little bit of good luck uh and timing and fair winds on your side as well. We've had that um with us in UAE and Singapore along with just you know exceptional execution by our teams there. But we've also seen the flip side of this um in Australia and the US back in the day uh when we had launched them uh pre COVID and around CO and we didn't have uh you know the fair fairness of that love on our side. Uh so we've seen uh you know the the story of our internationalization play out over a few years. Um and I think what we've concluded is that the markets where we are present are very large and we are better off as management focusing all our attention and energy on these markets particularly India. Um maybe in a few years um we may change uh that thought process but at least for the next few years I think we have our hands full with the opportunity that's available in India and UA Singapore and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and we want to be sharply focused on these thank you that makes a lot of sense thanks for answering that my second question is on India core services and the margin profile of that business now given that in one Q you're already closer to 7% of NTV and you've guided for 9 to 10% of NTV which now seems a lot more let's say near to medium-term than than where it was maybe earlier. Um do you think and given that growth is still accelerating for the business do you think now there is a probability that you may actually do better than what you've guided on that 9 to 10% margin profile and exceed that number or would you intend to cap that margin at 10% or thereabouts and beyond that whatever the margins are you will just look to reinvest in growth. So and any color there would be helpful.

I think our goal right now is to get to that number. Uh not be in a rush to get to it to make sure that um we do justice to the market opportunity and the time and prioritize growth above all else. Thankfully in this business growth and margins are not at logar with each other. The faster you grow the more margin you unlock. And we've de demonstrated that consistently in the past few quarters and years. Um so I think priority number one very very clearly in that business is to grow fast and priority number two is to continue to show margin expansion. I think once we get to that 10% stage we'll have the optionality to then decide do we want to take it up further uh do we want to start reinvesting back to uh grow faster and keep it at that level. Uh etc. And we'll take the right call for the business at that point of time. I think we're still uh you know some distance away from that. Uh so right now the focus remains uh doing justice to the opportunity ahead of us in terms of growth and ensuring disciplined improvement in margins year.

Very clear. My last question is on uh Insta Help and again maybe just delving a little bit deeper to your response to Goro's question earlier. Um Firstly, from a uh market positioning and profit pool perspect like you said um you think you should be able to capture a disproportionate part of that profit pool at some point in time. But given that you have revisited your TAM assumptions this time around and are also calling out explicitly that margins here would be structurally lower than the core businesses at least now. Do we have enough comfort and confidence that this segment can be profitable at all? And uh and without assuming material consolidation let's assume that there are two players in the market even in that scenario do you think that this segment could at all have any profit pool in the foreseeable future and second even if in a scenario where it does not have a profit pool and given what you articulated earlier about this segment being strategic and how it drives engagement for your core business as long as a business continues to operate in a narrow loss range would you still be okay to continue to operate it in the medium-term even if the profit pool is not large enough like your thoughts there. Thank you.

Yeah. So let me let me delve a little bit deeper into both the TAM and emerging from the TAM our view on uh the profit pool and how we want to execute. Um so the channel as as we've articulated in the letter in our view is between uh 7 to 12,000 0 crores. Uh there is a base case assumption which assumes uh 7 to 8 billion monthly transacting households doing three transactions a month at the full price uh of 300 rupees or 200 rupees per hour. Uh and just to put things in perspective that already assumes uh you know that the annual transacttor usership will probably be around 20 million households uh because that's usually the ratio in which the monthly transacting users interplay with the annual transacting users. We've seen that in our core business. We've seen that in other categories like food etc. Um and then in the bull case where we are able to unlock a model um that goes beyond the walking model that we have right now and and do it profitably uh the dam in the top 15 cities can perhaps expand to uh 10 to 12 million monthly transacting households and that automatically translates into a 10 to 12,000 cr NTV. Um now I would also want to call out one specific thing around this stam and the nature of it. If you actually look at the and there's an old adage right that gauge someone by their actions not by their words. So if you actually look at the action of the three players in the market over the past 6 months. Actually, all of us have limited ourselves to micro markets where the household coverage that we are covering today is only about 3 and a half to four million households. Most of the investment today is actually not going into expanding coverage and expanding lots of new users into the town, but is actually going into artificially subsidizing all ers largely of repeat users and urban company's as guilty of doing this as everybody else because there's a certain competitive dynamic and we are prioritizing leadership right now above everything else. So we believe it's a matter of time before the market the broader market is able to see what we already see in our most penetrated micro markets our assumptions on the dam that we laid out because we have a full understanding of all the micro markets that can be served well in the top 15 cities coming from our core business etc etc. The bull case assumption that we've given here of 10 to 12,000 crores is actually that it is a bull case assumption and it's we're not being conservative in this range of 10. Our base case assumption is 7 to 8,000 and the aggressive assumption is 10,000. Our conservative assumption would be even lower and that conservative assumption would assume that usership falls as the prices go all the way to 300. In this spam assumption, we have assumed that usership does not. It retains at that three orders per day level. So that's just the view on that. Now given this view, we believe that it is even more important for us over the next few quarters to be aggressive. We are opinionated about which micro markets within the overall addressable TAM matter and how do we win disproportionate share in those micro markets and how do we win disproportionate share in this early TAM and we think this battle will largely play out in the next few quarters which is why we want to be very aggressive right now so that a we capture disproportionate share of the TA and B we capture disproportionate share of the profit. When will the pricing correct to its full potential? Very difficult for us to see. But whenever it corrects, the player that has disproportionate share of the dam and the more profitable segments within that dam is likely to enjoy the maximum share of the profit. That player will see the least correction as far as order volumes are concerned. When pricing goes up fully, that player has maximum likelihood of breaking even and eventually running this business slightly profitably at a very low margin. We've also articulated that we don't think the margin profile of this business given everything we understand of it will reach anywhere close to India consumer services. It will be in all likelihood a low singledigit category. We certainly have no intentions of making any money from this business over the next 5 years and our assumptions this business has to break even by FY31. We'd be happy if it gets there.

Very comprehensive and very clear. Thank you and all the best.

Thanks Manish. Uh next question is from the line of uh Mr. Sachin Salgawar from Bank of America.

Hi Aira, congrats on a great set of numbers. I have three questions. Uh first question uh let me start on Insta help. Um now both your competitors in the space are actually of the view that AOV of the segment is not going to increase and it might remain low. What It gives you a comfort that the steadystate AOV could be eventually at 300 if both your competitors actually believe that directional AOV will be relatively low. Sachin we've articulated that the AOV has to get to around 300 for this business to break. And let me explain why. Today on average our view is that Sustainably the service professional has to be paid about anywhere between 130 to 160 rupees per hour. Let's take a rule of thumb of about 150. Why 150? Because at best even if you achieve incredible utilization at full potential you can utilize this service professional in a month by about 140 to 150 hours. 150 hours assumes that they are working 25 uh days in a month and you're utilizing them for 6 hours of utilized time on a base of maybe 8 to 9 hours of time that they give you which is around 65%. At that point their net earnings clear the threshold of about 20 to 22,000 which we feel is the minimum required net earnings for this category to be attractive to be able to to get supply side from offline where they are making around 15 to 17,000. So that's why there is a range of 130 to 160. 150 is sort of the bare minimum sweet spot in our view. Um unlike quick commerce beyond a point like this category there is benefit of utilization and densification but beyond that that benefit taps out at a certain point in time. So it's not that you can keep utilizing this individual more and more and more and if you squeeze is the payout too much then it shows up in other ways which is more churn therefore more onboarding costs more training costs etc etc. So one way or the other our view is that sustainable uh pricing uh and sustainable earnout is at that level we have a view based on 11 years of operating across 50 plus categories having seen this play out many many many times over I would not like to comment on uh how prudent The view of our competitors is if the category has to clear gross margin break even at 150 rupees an hour then for all the other costs that we incur which is customer support, marketing, team costs, training costs etc etc we believe that the pricing has to at least be at 200 rupees per hour. Whether the category will get there and at that point in time how will user be behavior evolve. We've seen evidences of category getting there in micro markets that are not that competitive. Obviously, the rate of growth and the rate of penetration does take an impact, but enough users are willing to get there. So, that gives us the confidence that eventually the category can get there. And we also believe that we need that 50 rupees on top for this category to break even to meet all our costs. U how soon will it get there? Will it take a couple of years? Will it take 5 years? We don't know. We're taking the worst case here which is 5 years. Um that this will be a very very gradual buildup to that point just given the competitive intensity uh which we think is likely to sustain for a while.

Pretty clear. Um second question is on the core business as you guys rightly pointed out it continues to surprise on the positive side. Uh and I do Understand management doesn't want to give any guidance in this. Uh but you know the way we look at it is there's no real reason why the growth you know may not even further accelerate from these levels. A you are expanding more into tier 2 cities where eventually growth will pick up. You mentioned beauty as a category but I'm sure other categories are also sort of you know scaling up as you densify out there.

U so you know when we think about uh let's say the time for this space is there a rethink that the stamp might be larger than what you guys thought and you know in the call you earlier articulated there is perhaps a positive read through from a Insta help and you know one can't notice that since you guys accelerated Insta help you know if anything your core business has also started to sort of you know move up in a meaningful manner uh so when we think about the TAM when we think about the opportunity out here and clearly competition is um hardly anything in this space how big could this market be and how you know How should we think about uh a medium-term uh opportunity for this space?

Yes, Sin, we we also believe the TAM here is very large. Um and if anything, we every year we feel we only have only underestimated the time. Uh for instance, uh it's quite visible uh that our tier 2 markets are performing even better uh than tier one. Uh and honestly, I think we're only beginning to do justice to that potential in the DO2 markets. Uh so I think the dam is large. I think we are only getting started. Um if you look at the size of the dam and even in our most penetrated oldest cities like Delhi NCR for example and some of our oldest categories we have fair amount of headroom though and that's one of the reasons why our oldest micro markets in these cities continue to perform very well. Um can it grow faster than 29%. Uh look, I again would reiterate that I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. I don't want to set the wrong expectations here. I think the 29% does have a little bit of um you know margin there because of the low pace last year. Um and it has been only a few quarters back that we were growing at 19% or 17% etc. So uh you know yes we've seen acceleration 19 has gone to 21 has gone to 26 has gone to 29. We at our end will continue to do whatever is in our control. Focus on the basics, focus on great quality, focus on supply sufficiency, focus on better fulfillment times, focus on customer excellence. I think the growth rates are an outcome of it. I would not get too caught up with a quarter here or a quarter there. I think secularly we would like to grow at a very very healthy pace uh and do justice to this opportunity while improving customer trust and customer quality. That's our focus and I think if I take a five year view there's no reason why this business cannot be significantly larger than it is today

pretty clear and last question uh on AI and how you guys are using uh AI u and the question is from a point of view that you know you did mention one of the reasons for the margin improvement what you're seeing in core and across businesses is AI I just want to understand how much of the AIE benefits are already getting factored in and how much Is there room to further improve margin as you continue to leverage more AI?

Yes. So, I think AI uh I would say we're still early in the in fully leveraging the benefits of AI u across uh all aspects of our business. Um I think we we believe we are making the aggressive push to be an AI native company. Um and just to give you a few examples, um a A lot of our support on the supply side as well as the customer side if not all of it is now AIDled. Uh significant efforts go into supply side onboarding through AI. We are now leveraging AI in training for the supply side as well. Quality control quality audits inside the job across millions of jobs through proof of work audits etc are happening through AI. We've started to leverage AI very meaningfully in fraud detection and fraud control across the marketplace. More than 90 95% of our code now is written by AI and we are seeing a lot of leverage in our engineering costs and headcount therein and all our other teams are also aggressively deploying AI. For example, our entire marketing team today uh is leveraging AI end to end uh from creative creation to campaign deployment to optimization of those campaigns to learnings and redeployment. our finance and HR teams are using AI end to end. So, uh I think this is a huge technological shift. Uh we want to be at the forefront of it. Uh in terms of uh you know impact to margins, I think we've started to show up. Uh but there's a long way to go. Um and we are also thinking about AI not just from an efficiency and cost improvement lever, but more importantly as a lever that can help make our marketplace significantly healthier. and improve our quality of service and experience for the end users. That's the primary goal and we believe AI can help us get there.

Very clear. Thank you and all the best.

Thanks Ain. Our next question is from the line of Miss Gimma Mishra from Kotak. Please go ahead.

Thank you so much for the opportunity and congratulations on the results. Our first question Airaj is on the the India business itself and it has shown meaningful acceleration over the last few quarters. This quarter in particular, you've called out the beauty segment as one of the important contributors to growth. What specifically has driven faster growth in this segment and is this growth sustainable? I also add this in the context that competition in this vertical also seems to be fairly high.

Thanks for the question. However, the beauty segment I think has definitely seen insurgence in growth in the last uh two three quarters and uh we've been hard at work uh to do that. I think one of the things that that we've done in this segment uh aggressively um is work with our supply side uh to improve the overall quality of service retraining retooling um for a lot of them um and that that we felt was uh was some was an area where we perhaps had underinvested a couple of years back so last I'd say year or more. We've been hard at work there. We've been driving a mobility program as well to make sure that all our service professionals in the beauty space. Most of them are women um have access to a two-heer. Uh that number was a minority of our professionals had two wheelers about a year back. Today that number is a majority and uh you know we're working hard to make sure that that number uh gets closer to 100%. Over time uh what that means is simply put better quality of service uh for our end users and better fulfillment times especially as the mobility solutions start getting unlocked along with intensification. We've also expanded our our assortment quite meaningfully. Um this year we've launched for example a set of Japanese facials uh in our S lux category. Uh we've launched uh you know in in partnership with forest essentials a new line of ioveic facials and solutions. So we're constantly innovating on the uh sort as well to stay one step ahead of the curve. Uh my team tells me that you know Korean facials and and Korean beauty is now a trend of the past. One of the areas where we had innovated back in the day and you know the new trends are now around Japanese facials etc. So the idea is to stay one step ahead of the curve as far as assortment is concerned as far as quality of service um is concerned and as far as fulfillment times are concerned. Competition I think is always going to be competition. So we think that's a healthy thing. Keeps us on our toes. Uh helps us improve and uh we have to uh you know make sure that we're waiting on our proposition uh for the user which is uh which is faster, cheaper, better.

Got it. Um next question uh that I had was on Insta Health and this is on the TAM assessment and I understand your point of household clusters and how that limits how many households can potentially be customers of this service but you I think in your assessment there is possibility for the frequency that you have pegged at 30 to 40 times annually to be ultimately higher. I think for that to play out the category has to go from being a backup to a main service.

Um we have not necessarily seen adequate evidence of that happening at scale. Sure there is a subsegment of users who are doing that. Um and it's a stage of life point. Uh generally uh bachelors and and younger users end up uh you know not wanting to commit and use this service every single day. So they're okay to get insta help two three times a week and consequently their usership can look more like 8 to 10 times a month. that sentiment is not tremendously large. Uh and we feel that offline pricing at about anywhere from 80 to 100 or highest 120 rupees an hour is very very competitive for the um full month subscription use case and it's it's will be hard for us to honestly compete. Um also the 30 to 40 transactions in a month uh is data that we're seeing right now at the highly compressed EOS. In our experience building marketplaces and having learned from others, rarely does larger future cohorts behave better than early cohorts. Usually the usership of future cohorts only deteriorates. So all things considered, we think If the category can actually land at three transactions a month once the pricing fully corrects for 10 to 12 million monthly transacting households, it'll be a home run.

Got it. Got it. That's clear. Um, last question from me maybe again on the Insta uh vertical. We do see that often existence of multiple players offering similar services and also incurring cash burn. It results in some eventual consolidation. Are you seeing any signs of this happening in the Insta type vertical anytime soon? I think the you know the the category is still very I mean the competitive intensity and the category evolution still a little bit early for for some of that to play out. Uh Um our sense is that what we are seeing the market will eventually see. Um the capital market especially on the private side will go beyond narrative uh to look at actual health of the business, size of the price and what can become here. Um and we would like to make sure that we continue to sustain and the pressure um on our private friends continue to remain in leadership um and increase our market share uh so that we are the eventual winners of this category. We've made our point clear in the last call as well that we are playing to win. We're not playing to look elegant. Uh we don't want to give an inch away. Um we think this market like most home services is a winner take all. Trust compounds to the number one player. Um we don't think there's a very large unbounded market which can support multiple winners. We want to be the eventual winner here. Um and that's what we're going for.

Perfect Airaj. Thank you so much and wish you the best.

Thanks Karima. Next question is from the line of Mr. Sinat from Belwa Capital.

Hi Airaj just want to you know hear your thoughts. Uh there's a significant you know incremental addition of annual transacting users in the core uh India services uh piece as about five lakhs quarter on quarter which is significant step up want to understand you know is this largely organic in nature what kind of app downloads are we seeing how how are the upper funnels playing out uh you know as the growth acceleration is like visible in India services anything that you can call out or share on that that would be great Hey Shina, thanks for thanks for the question. Um, I think you know we we have been we're fairly happy overall I would say with uh the uh pace at which uh the both the users uh transacting users has grown uh in this quarter as you've rightly articulated more than half million uh um and also uh you know their spends. Now I do want to call out that uh this is a seasonally uh exciting quarter uh and so some of that is also seasonal sha uh but otherwise also I think secularly uh the trend is looking solid uh I think all the funnel metrics are moving in the right direction regard we've seen an improvement in traffic um in uh MAUs uh NDAUs and consequently the uh use u and uh if anything the conversion rates are only improving as trust improves our fulfillment rates have improved as well uh which is uh you know from order placement to uh fulfilled and there's a little bit of benefit of that as well so all of this is coming together um I do want to highlight that u this is not at the back of more aggressive marketing in fact see year on year um in the India consumer services business the marketing spends uh same period last year were 24 crores and this year they've been 25 crores. So actually more or less flat marketing uh but we've been getting a lot better ROI for our spends there.

Fantastic. Uh if you know in the next shareholders letter if you could share an indexed value of some of these uh you know traffic figures or something like that just to you know get a feel if you could just share it one time that would be interesting. Just going to my next question on training uh two parts uh both for Insta Help and for India core services. Uh could you kind of help us understand uh how are our training capacities playing out in Insta Help? Have you been able to you know uh significantly increase it because say in in the location I stay last weekend you know I couldn't you know get get the Insta help because it was all you know sold out. So how are the training capacities playing out? And the same question for core services uh again as we see a gradual acceleration of growth um and and factoring in that our existing professionals uh have better utilization, I think still we would need some sort of growth uh in in training. So how is that playing out given the more diverse services uh under that basket?

Yeah. No, good question. So on core shin I think uh we are uh you know definitely uh definitely very mindful that uh we need to make sure that we have adequate training infrastructure and also capacity of our trainers um and equally leverage EI to make overall training more efficient. Um there's a big and important focus area for the company right now and for me um I would say we have u you know uh we have the engine running smoothly and and well oiled right now. Uh so we are able to cater to the growth um and even for the next few quarters I think we have a very clear plan in place. So I think we um we are in comfortable spot I would say in the core uh but we continue to focus on that u meaningfully on insta health I think it's all hands on deck right now uh the pace of supply edition uh has been very high uh and consequently keeping pace with our training infrastructure and our trainer capacity and making sure that our training efficacy also improves uh and we're not just throwing uh you know more training rooms and more trainers at the problem but actually making sure that trainings become more efficacious uh and the ROI on those trainings improve. I think all of those are work in progress that category will take a little bit longer to settle down. Um so yes, I think there it's uh uh it's all hands on deck right now.

Thanks a lot. Fantastic.

Thanks Reinat. Moving on to our final question of the evening. Uh I call uh Mr. Pranav Chhatria from MK Global. Yeah. Hi. Uh thank you for the opportunity. Uh my question is on native. Uh so if I look at uh you know we've seen a good scaleup uh despite operating only in uh two categories. Uh and and I see some of the products you are launching are more premium. Uh is that shift uh uh you know uh basically is uh you know on the back of more premium customers what you have Uh and second part of that question is that you know how should we see uh this as a number of categories pan out over a medium term because uh the two categories where you are present are a fairly small categories and you know how how should that sort of play out over a bit of time. Thank you.

Thanks for the question. Um I think on uh native u you know our goal has been to make sure that the quality of our products are truly exceptional and world-class. U that's the bar and the benchmark that we have maintained from day one. I think back in 2023 October when we launched our first set of water purifiers uh M1 and M2 uh they completely changed the language of the category uh the category which had largely focused on uh a razor blade model uh and convincing customers to get their water purifiers serviced every few months. Uh we came out with a very innovative high performance device that needed no servicing or filter changes for two years and it was smart. It was fully integrated with the urban company app and backed by the exceptional service that we have which allowed us to rapidly gain share in that category and serve consumers better. More importantly, Okay. And also change where some of the existing incumbents and new players have somehow managed to try to live up to that promise. As the rest of the industry has barely caught up, our view is that we have taken that language to the next level with M3. We are now launching a three-year no service needed very high quality machine. with the stainless steel tank, adaptive mineralizer and pH balancer, etc., etc. So, this actually takes the category to the next level. Yes, it's a premium product, but if you look at the life cycle ownership cost, it actually is much lower because for 3 years now, you don't need any servicing. You don't need any filter changes. So, the cost of ownership comes down and more importantly, the headache comes down. Consumer durable is supposed to remain durable. That what we're trying to do here. Um even after 3 years you get one comprehensive service for urban from urban company and you're again set up for three more years. Uh so I think this is a completely different paradigm altogether in the water purifier business. Similarly if you look at our native block ultra the most recent uh smart lock that we have launched um it comes with an inbuilt camera feature which is extremely seamless and therefore the moment you come in front of uh you know the the smart lock it automatically unlocks the door. It has many other features like a a lurker alert so that if somebody is uh lurking around your house it alerts you etc etc and u very very comprehensive state-of-the-art uh built out security features etc completely tamperproof and so on and so forth. It has been very well received by the market uh highly rated on online platforms. Um, and we are very uh pleased with the progress of these two categories. We think there's a lot of work to be done in both the categories. If at all we have to venture into another category over the next 5 years. Maybe we will enter one more category, but that's about it. We don't want to proliferate too much. We think there is a lot of work to be done uh in water purifiers and smart doors. We'd like to do justice to that and maybe over a period of time uh look at See if there is one more category that native would like to enter that's about will uh you know the future product whenever you enter that category would you want to constrain yourself to some premium products or you would uh you know want to sort of uh be there across uh the entire gamut.

Yeah, it's a it's a good question and goes back to the strategy of native So let me start by saying what native what we're not trying to do in native in native we're not trying to build a consumer durables company or trying to be a consumer durable player. Um that's not our strategy and we certainly don't think uh we can compete by being everywhere for everyone. What we are trying to do is serve an underserved market. which overlaps with our core users on the open company platform and enter categories which have very strong adjacent to our core services business with superior tech first new age products that can capture a disproportionate share of the profit pool of that industry even if they don't capture a disproportionate share of the revenue. It is our view and considered view that a meaningfully larger share of the profit pool sits on the top with a visa revenue. Therefore, we want to remain in the premium segment. We want to serve our users. We have 9.3 million annual transacting users. These represent the top 9.3 million households or whatever 8 million households in the country. Um and we want to serve them more deeply. Chrome data as an extension of our services business. This allows us to go from being a mere services company to a home platform, a services and solutions. That's how native is deeply intertwined with our overall home platform vision. And whatever fits into the strategy we will and whatever does not fit into the strategy, we will not. But we are certainly not building a consumer durable play in native. The idea is to build a strong solutions play which is extremely to stick with our services business and our platforms.

Uh thank you for uh such a detailed answer. Wish you all the very best.

Thank you Prana. Thank you everyone for your participation. You may now disconnect your clients. Thank you and enjoy your evening.
