STERLITE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED — Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL
Source: verbatim auto-generated transcript supplied by operator 2026-07-24. Machine-transcribed; spelling/number artifacts preserved as received (do not silently correct). Management: Mr Ankit Tagral (Managing Director), Mr Ajay Janjari (Group CFO), Mr Rahul Darak (Head of Investor Relations).

[VERBATIM TRANSCRIPT BEGINS]

Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Sterlite Technologies Limited Q1 FY27 earnings conference call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the management's presentation concludes. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr Rahul Darak, head of investor relations. Over to you sir.

Thank you. Good day everyone and welcome to STL's Q1 FY27 earnings call. To take us through the results and answer your questions today we have with us STL's senior management represented by Mr Ankit Tagral, managing director, and Mr Ajay Janjari, group CFO. Before we proceed with the call let me remind you that the discussion today may contain forward-looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks uncertainties and other factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with our business risk that could cause future results performance or achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Please note that we have uploaded the results and earning call presentation on STL's website and the same is available on the stock exchanges. We'll start the call with a brief overview of the quarter gone past and then conduct the Q&A session. With that said I will now hand over the call to our managing director Mr Ankit.

Thank you Rahul. Good day everyone thank you for joining STL's Q1 FY27 earnings call. I'll begin by highlighting the key takeaways from our investor presentation and then AJ will walk through the financials. STL is a global leader in digital connectivity infrastructure serving data centers, telco, citizen networks and large enterprises. Our optical connectivity solutions spans fiber to fiber cable, specialty cables and connectivity solutions. We're India's number one end-to-end optical manufacturer with 9% optical cable market share outside of China with over 30 years of leadership, more than 785 patents and 10 plus zero waste to manufacturing facilities worldwide. STL is leading the next wave of global digital infrastructure. At STL we're amongst the very few companies in the world to have mastered the journey from glass to gigabit. It starts with the purest grade of silicon which we transform through advanced processes like silicon tetrachloride formation, chemical vapor deposition and high precision centering to create ultra pure glass preforms which is the backbone of optical fiber. From there we draw the highest grade fiber, design high-density cables and develop reliable connective products that power data centers and telecom networks worldwide. This full stack integration right from raw material to network deployment gives STL a unique edge in quality cost efficiency and innovation across the connectivity value chain. This deep integration enables us to engineer next generation fiber cable and connectivity solutions that are redefining global connectivity. Our end-to-end innovation from material science to smart optical systems help global network builders create faster denser and more reliable networks for the AI era.

As we step into FY27 our core strategic priorities have evolved and are delivering tangible results. Beyond driving market share and attach rates in our core optical business we are actively pivoting towards increasing our revenue share from integrated connectivity solutions in partnership with key customers. With data centers emerging as a critical growth engine for the entire industry we're sharply focused on scaling the segment underpinned with our continued technology leadership. This commercial momentum paired with our disciplined focus on operational and cost efficiencies will drive margin expansion as we head into the rest of the fiscal year.

Moving on we'll now speak about the industry tailwinds and the growing market opportunity. As you all know we are at the intersection of three powerful multi-year investment cycles: FTTx, data centers and 5G/6G networks creating a strong structural tailwind for optical infrastructure. FTTx is accelerating globally with deployments rising from 151 million fiber kilometers in 2025 to about 171 million fiber kilometers by 2030. In the US alone more than 140 million homes will be served by fiber to 2030 supported by large government programs like BEAD in the US and BharatNet in India. Data centers are the fastest growing driver of fiber demand. CRU projects a massive 63% global growth in optical cable demand from this segment in year 2026 alone driven by hyperscale expansion and AI workloads. North America installed DC capacity is expected to double from 63 gigawatt in 2025 to 126 gigawatt by 2030. Morgan Stanley and Western Bank has again upgraded their forecast on hyperscaler capex from 765 billion to 805 billion increasing the TAM of our optical connectivity. Concurrently the scaling of 5G and 6G networks demand deep network densification with global 5G subscriptions expected to hit 6.4 billion by 2030, India's 5G subscriptions expected to hit 1.1 billion by 2031 and the global 6G subscriptions forecasted to cross 180 million by the end of 2031 which is about 4 to 5 years away. Together these three cycles are creating a structural multi-year tailwind for fiber and connectivity solutions positioning STL at the center of the next global digital infrastructure buildout.

Next on slide 10 you will see how some of the big global telecom and technology giants are aligned in backing optical fiber as the base of digital future across 6G broadband, data centers and the AI infrastructure. The takeaway is simple, fiber remains the core backbone of all the digital infrastructure coming up. Moving on to slide 11 it shows how the AI revolution and rapid data center expansion are creating a once in a generation opportunity for optical connectivity. As per McKinsey a consulting firm by 2030 70% of data center demand will be AI driving a sharp increase in capex and infrastructure intensity. GPU architectures are rapidly shifting from 400 gig to 800 gig and going all the way to 1.6 terabyte speeds where copper reaches a bandwidth threshold and fiber becomes even more essential increasing our TAM by 10 billion for optical connectivity. Simultaneously AI workloads are creating dense fiber interconnections significantly increasing fiber per rack and every new data center added exponentially multiplies this demand. This is not just a matter of scale it's a step change in fiber intensity with STL's Neuralis end-to-end AIDC portfolio STL is uniquely positioned to capture this multi-year structural growth opportunity. Coming to India data center environment, data center expansion here in India is emerging as one of the most compelling structural tailwinds for optical. Installed capacity is set to grow almost sevenfold expanding from 1.6 gigawatt currently to almost 10 gigawatt by 2031 as per Morgan Stanley. What makes this investment cycle particularly powerful is a breadth of commitment going from hyperscalers like Google Meta Microsoft which are deploying tens of billions of dollars. On their side we also have the Indian conglomerates like TCS Adani and Reliance laying out long-term capacity plans. Over the last quarter itself we have seen new announcements coming from the likes of Meta and Reliance with their massive three gigawatt deployment plans in India. We've also seen Australia's AirTrunk coming in with almost again a multi-billion dollar commitment in Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh to build close to 5 GW of data center capacity. A supportive policy environment, state incentives, tax incentives, power availability and the tax holidays that extended up to 2047 are further derisking and accelerating the buildout in India. Every dollar of data center capex has a direct multiplier on fiber intensity across DCI metro and longhaul networks with optical cable demand projected to grow at 11% CAGR through 2030. This is not a cyclical uptick but a durable high visibility growth opportunity playing out in our home market in India. As per CRU the global cable demand market for this year has strengthened significantly and is projected to accelerate to 8.2% year-on-year led mainly by North America's data center buildout and improving execution India. Importantly demand now consistently outpacing domestic supply in North America and lead times are continuously getting tight. Looking ahead North America is set to be the main growth engine powered by AI data centers, data center interconnect builds and continued FTTx expansion. CRU expect to deliver the strongest regional CAGR of 18.6% between now and 2030 a major upgrade against earlier forecast of 15% CAGR. Overall this points to sustained multi-year upcycle in fiber demand with North America and APAC ex-China which are all core focus areas for STL which are driving growth. We're also seeing positive momentum in India Southeast Asia and parts of Europe which are closely aligned with our strategy.

We're successfully seizing new market opportunities a trend that is clearly demonstrated by record-breaking order intake this quarter. In quarter 1 alone we secured orders worth 13,100 crores which is 1.7 times the total order wins of 7,687 crores recorded in the entire financial year last year. The momentum is anchored by a landmark multi-year $1.1 billion deal with a global hyperscaler to supply optical connectivity products for next-gen AI data centers through FY29. Furthermore we secured multiple $100 million hyperscaler orders for our high fiber count IBR cable solutions. Alongside these hyperscaler wins we also expanded our footprint in long haul applications by securing a strategic order with a major connectivity infrastructure provider. Importantly our order book today is well diversified reflecting a healthy mix of order intakes from all customer segments and product categories across regions.

Innovation continues to be a key differentiator for STL and this quarter we made significant technology strides to power the AI and hyperscale data center era. Building on the momentum of Neuralis a flagship AI era data center portfolio we achieved US Connect certification for delivering MMC pre-terminated solutions to hyperscale customers. Crucially we're pleased to share that we have secured definitive victory in the European patent dispute with Fujikura and this matter has now been conclusively resolved in STL's favor. This effectively brings a UK litigation related to our Celesta cable family to a close. This removes all legal uncertainty around these products and fully covers the path for our data center and telecom business. Our product development engine was also highly active this quarter. In optical connectivity we launched Concat a spliceless plug-and-play solution designed for dramatically lowering the FTTx installation costs. Our innovation engine is backed by a deep IP portfolio of more than 785 patents with nine new filings this quarter and we've been recognized through multiple global awards. Overall these advancements reinforce our position as a technology leader building future ready capabilities and align closely with our AI cloud and high performance network demands.

Turning to our product portfolio we're making tremendous progress with Neuralis our purpose-built portfolio for the AI era of data centers which addresses two mission critical needs, AI backspace connectivity and high-speed DCI where fiber density speed and simplicity matter the most. A major milestone this quarter is that we have achieved the elite US Connect certification of 4 MMC pre-terminated solutions delivering a massive three times increase in cable density over traditional layouts to support high-density AI workloads. With this certification STL become one of the few global players offering certified MMC pre-terminated fiber trunks array cords and assemblies significantly strengthening our portfolio and directly addressing cable congestion for hyperscaler scaling to 800 gig and beyond. By leveraging STL's fully integrated integration Neuralis enables faster deployment and massive GPU clustering. It reduces deployment complexity and accelerates the time to service supported by our local manufacturing facility in South Carolina. This launch strengthens our position in the US with both the hyperscalers as well as the upcoming new cloud providers.

Slide 18 highlights STL's leadership in the next generation optical fiber portfolio. It directly addresses the optical physics demands of the AIDC era through three flagship technologies. Firstly our G654E fiber now fully commercialized and delivers 30% lower signal loss. Second hollow core fiber which cuts latency by up to 47% to accelerate AI data center interconnect. And finally our award-winning multi-core fiber which expands our data capacity between four to seven times with the same footprint. With the successful real world deployments of multicore fiber already underway in India and the UK alongside partners like C-DOT IIT Madras and Colt in the UK this firmly positions STL to power the high-density ultra low latency infrastructure required for tomorrow's AI workloads. Moving to market-led innovation Concat is redefining US FTTx deployment economics for new builds expansions and overbuilds by shifting fiber preparation to control factory environments. Its true plug-and-play modular MPO to LC architecture enables completely spliceless installation this slashes labor cost by up to 71% and by eliminating the field splicing and reducing reliance on skilled labor. Already field validated with top tier US Telecom operator and recognized by the Lightwave innovation awards Concat delivers faster time to revenue with significantly fewer truck rolls and lower operational risk. Strategically scaling Concat allows us to drive higher attach rates for optical connectivity with our fiber cables expanding our revenue and deepening our margin profile with key US customers.

On market position and attach rate trends, global ex-China OFC market share increased to 9% demonstrating our resilient execution and steady market expansion despite broader environmental challenges. On optical connectivity we are pleased to share that our attach rates have increased to 16% on a much larger OFC revenue base compared to 15% last year. The long-term opportunity in connect remains robust as our portfolio expands and we continue to successfully pivot towards selling higher value integrated solutions rather than standalone products. Looking ahead we are focused on further increasing our attach rate to above 20% from next quarter onwards and to 25% by the end of this financial year. Taken together this shows that our core business remains solid and our attach rate growth strategy gaining clear traction in coming quarters. Now I'll hand over to our CFO AJ to take you through the financials.

Thank you Ankit and thanks to everyone for joining us today. I'm happy to take you through our financial highlights for Q1 FY27, a truly historic quarter where STL delivered its highest ever performance across revenue EBITDA and PAT. Revenue reached rupees 1910 crore representing an extraordinary 87% year-on-year growth. On profitability, having previously guided for a 20% EBITDA margin by the end of FY27, I'm proud to share that we delivered on this right here in Q1 with 397 crore in EBITDA which is up 184% year on year. We are now revising our EBITDA margin guidance upward to 23%. Finally PAT came in at a record 197 crore reaching 10% of revenue our highest PAT margin ever which represents a massive 3.5 times expansion over full year of FY26 PAT. Overall this performance reflects our unwavering focus on disciplined growth margin expansion and stronger bottomline outcomes as we enter the new financial year.

On the segment side while telecom and citizen networks continue to be a core pillar our data center segment saw strong growth contributing 21% this quarter up from 1% in FY26. Looking ahead we expect the combined data center and enterprise segment to scale up to 50% of the revenues in the current fiscal well above the 30% guidance provided in our previous earning call. From a geographic standpoint our revenue mix continues to reflect strong global momentum. North America share expanded significantly to 54% in the current quarter up from 39% in FY26 driven by robust demand. Europe contributed 25% while the rest of the world held steady at 22%. This balanced regional footprint reduces concentration risk and positions us well to capture growth across key global markets.

Moving to the open order book we have seen strong momentum this fiscal. Our open order book stands at a record high of 18,618 crore up 2.4 times from the last quarter reflecting healthy order inflows and strong market confidence. Of this 2,228 crores are slated for execution in Q2 of FY27 while the remaining 16,390 crore is scheduled for execution over Q3 FY27 and beyond. This robust order pipeline provides strong revenue visibility and reinforces our growth outlook for the year. On slide 26 we have shared an abridged snapshot of our reported numbers for your reference. On balance sheet the net cash balance stands at 483 crore achieving the status of net debt free company. Additionally I'm glad to share that standalone balance sheet position is now reflected through CRISIL's revised rating outlook to stable and ICRA upgraded the rating to double A stable. Moving on to our capital structure STL successfully completed a landmark QIP of 1500 crore to fund our next phase of growth. The issue received strong market reception with the book being subscribed more than 2.5 times strengthening our institutional holdings to a fresh historic high of 33%. We witnessed robust participation from leading domestic and global institutional investors including marquee names such as Nomura HSBC Motilal Oswal and Bank of India among others. We are allocating 75% of proceeds towards reduction of debt while the rest of it going towards general corporate purposes. This successful capital raise significantly strengthens our financial foundation as we execute our long-term road map. With this now I hand it over back to Ankit for updates on our social responsibility initiatives and closing remarks.

Thanks AJ. STL's CSR initiatives continue to create deep lasting and measurable impact across healthcare education women empowerment and environmental sustainability. In education the Indian CSR award winner RoboEdge program has scaled to over 12 schools and 10,000 students equipping them with next-gen robotic skills. In women empowerment our Jivan Jyoti initiative has trained over 6,500 women in vocational skills. STL remained firmly committed to driving sustainable growth and building future ready communities. Our flagship healthcare program Swasth Suraksha has now impacted 27 lakh lives across Maharashtra and expanded its footprint into Silvasa. At STL sustainability is central to our purpose and we're proud to hold a synergy SA rating and are committed to achieving net zero emissions by 2030. Our strategy is built on three pillars. Environmental sustainability, since FY19 we have diverted 286 lakh metric tons of waste, recycled almost 11.6 million cubic meters of water and reduced over 45,600 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent through energy efficiency. Over 32% of our procurement is local and our partnership with Hygenco for advanced green hydrogen and oxygen plant has been commissioned and successfully started supply. We're also actively looking at enabling all our operating footprints to be sourcing green energy. In terms of social responsibility we're aligned with the 16 United Nations SDGs and we've positively impacted more than 920,000 lives through education women empowerment and healthcare alongside installing 4,500 kilowatt power of solar capacity. Strong governance with the two big four auditors and robust governance committees we've earned 100 plus ESG awards since FY19 notably STL is the world's first optical fiber manufacturer certified for zero liquid discharge and zero waste to landfill setting a true industry benchmark globally. Let me close with our focus areas. Our goal is to keep driving technology and cost leadership, drive sales of integrated connectivity solutions in partnership with key customers and scale our data center business to strengthen our role as a key enabler of global digital infrastructure. With this I will close my opening remarks and hand over to the operator to open the floor for questions.

[Q&A SESSION]

Operator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the line of Mr Achan from Dwama. Please proceed.

Q (Achan, Dwama): Good afternoon thank you for the opportunity, congratulations for excellent earnings. My first question is if you could talk about what was the capacity utilization in first quarter. And in terms of the order inflow if you could talk about the ordering whether it is US or Europe, are we at the back end of the ordering or it's still work in progress. How do you see that given the big numbers what we hear about the air India data center capex, are those ordering behind us or it's still yet to happen in a meaningful fashion.

A (Ankit): So I think both parts. When we look at the capacity utilizations we don't disclose actual numbers but as we've been sharing over past few quarters we continue to see that our capacity utilization is improving quarter on quarter so that's a positive development and we continue to see that going forward as well. And in terms of our order inflow yes we're proud and happy with the orders that we've received, the connections with our customers and we continue to feel positive about future orders as well both on the telecom sector as well as on the data center and enterprise segment.

Q (Achan follow-up): Ankit the question was in terms of the ordering, while you have given a very qualitative answer but I'm just curious to know, typically the cables are required during the execution of that data center so is the ordering been through or it's probably not even midway through at the industry level.

A (Ankit): So from a data center capex if you just look at the hyperscalers as well as the neo clouds many of them are basically talking about multi-year investment in the data center capacity buildout. If you take US itself probably 8 to 10 gigawatt will happen this year and further there's in fact a backlog of data center capacities that need to get built out so we do continue to see that this capex will continue from the hyperscaler and on the back of that the demand for our portfolio will continue to increase.

Q (Achan): Another question with respect to the sourcing of raw material particularly the rare earth materials if you could talk a little bit where are we in that journey, have we got the visibility for next few years few quarters if you could clarify on that as well.

A (Ankit): So I think there are three or four elements out here. One is germanium which is used in our glass process, we have helium which is required as parts of some of our fiber manufacturing, and then we have other elements like polyethylene and others which are linked to oil prices etc. From the areas we've been speaking about I would say germanium we continue to put consistent efforts both on looking at areas of sourcing and we continue to believe that that will improve quarter on quarter. At the same time we're also looking at new technologies where our consumption of germanium itself could reduce over time so that's something that's work in progress over the next few quarters. When it comes to helium as well we are watching that very closely with the developments in Middle East but we have worked on some technologies were able to recycle some of our requirements and from that perspective we are well positioned. And from a polyethylene perspective yes the prices have been fluctuating, largely that ultimately is a cost for us at the cable level and we feel fairly confident that up to a certain level we are able to pass that on to our customers. So overall I would say work in progress and we do feel confident quarter on quarter it will improve.

Operator: The next question is from the line of Devarat from 7 Holding. Please proceed.

Q (Devarat, 7 Holding): Congratulations on a great set of numbers. You haven't shared the capacity utilization numbers but I'm just curious to know that given the quantum of capex in AI data centers do you think we will have the capacity to take on a couple of more large orders if given the opportunity and if not then are we looking at any capacity additions over the next couple of quarters.

A (Ankit): As I said I think we're in several conversations in terms of conversations with telecom operators in India in Europe as well as globally. At the same time we are looking very closely at both upgrades of our equipment and machines and we're also looking at debottlenecking from our current operations so all of that is progressing as we would like and both things are happening in parallel. So we are in the conversation as well as we feel confident that with some of the upgrades as well as the debottlenecking we can look at further orders.

Operator: The next question is from the line of Shil Jain from Nuvama Bank Security. Please proceed.

Q (Shil Jain, Nuvama): Congratulation on good numbers. My question relates to the executions which you had said will be done in the Q2. If we see last quarter you said you will be doing something around 1,500 but the execution has happened much larger so similar trend can happen in the coming period also. And the execution for the whole year if you can indicate anything on that, like you had given guidance for the margin if anything you can indicate on the revenue.

A (Ajay/CFO): So broadly we don't give any guidance on the revenue. The numbers which you are talking about is the order book which was supposed to be executed in Q1 when we talked previously. Since then there has been drastic improvement in the order intake which is clearly visible on the revenue growth which you have been seeing. On the Q2 number similarly we are reporting that the executable order book is 2,228 crore but that does not give any guidance on the revenue number.

Q (Shil Jain): And sir second thing if you can talk about order pipeline if you can indicate anything in negotiations and all.

A (Ankit): So as I said we are, look historically we've always been focused on having key accounts globally both on telecom side and data center that's our strategy. We're not focused on the spot market whether it is fiber or cable. We have very strong partnerships with customers in India, we have BharatNet projects and others which are very important to us. So we continue to have very good discussions with our customers, we continue to work on our product development for their future requirements as well as particularly with telecom customers and data center customers we are looking and in discussions for their orders and their requirements for the coming years so that's all happening in parallel.

Operator: The next question is from the line of Stage Patel from Nishai. Please proceed.

Q (Patel, Nishai): Thank you and congratulations on a very great set of numbers. First question, just wanted to understand your view on if I look at the gross margins they somewhat stayed same despite our mix from DC going up compared to the last quarter. Just wanted to get your view on this, considering DC would be having a higher margin even at the gross level, are we facing cost pressures at the raw material that could have led to a same margin otherwise probably would the margins have been higher. And given we are targeting a higher proportion of share in DC up to 30% on a yearly basis I just wanted to get your view on gross margins moving forward as the towards DC shifts.

A (Ajay/CFO): So here on the gross margin yes there is some sort of pressure which is coming from the input cost. Broadly with all the war situations the prices of the key raw material getting increased to significant multiples. We do see the improvement going forward which will obviously be accounted in the margins which we are talking about.

Q (Patel): Second question, there's been a record inflow of orders this quarter but let's say if I remove our long-term order of a billion dollar we have a decent order intake, just wanted to understand if I remove that order the increase will be about let's say 3,000 crores which was last quarter around 7 to 8,000 crore the regular business, was it a conscious decision on not taking incremental business because of capacity constraint and probably we'll start looking to take more orders regular orders once there's some debottlenecking, is it a conscious choice or was it a regular order intake.

A (Ankit): No so broadly in fact even if we exclude this long order there has been a sufficient order intake. Obviously now we are in a situation wherein we have to pick and choose the orders basis the capacity availability so that will play a role but in this quarter there are much orders beyond this significant order and going forward we'll keep on evaluating on the basis of our capabilities to execute.

Q (Patel): And sir on germanium just wanted to understand are we currently buying whole of the inventory on spot or we have some tied up contract which are at a lower fixed price.

A (Ankit): We can't comment a lot on the germanium for competitive reasons but we are as I've been sharing clearly focused on looking at our sources and diversifying our sources and we feel confident about improving our availability quarter on quarter.

Q (Patel): And last question on, after this debottlenecking and the capex which is happening just wanted to get your view on are we still looking for once we have a decent capacity on board are we still looking for in negotiations for a long-term order of not of this size but a sizable order for some telcos or data centers going forward in this financial year.

A (Ankit): I can't comment on any specific size but as I said we are, this is all happening in parallel, we are doing the debottlenecking and upgrades of our capabilities across glass fiber cable and connectivity so all of that's happening in parallel. At the same time we are in conversations with our current customers as well as some new customers in terms of their requirements.

Operator: The next question is from the line of Krish from Inam Holdings. Please proceed.

Q (Krish, Inam Holdings): My question was more of a strategic question on how you view this entire AI versus telecom mix for the business. So given the excitement around AI and there's obvious supply crunch in the industry right, from a more long-term capacity standpoint how do you think of the order book kind of filling it more towards the traditional telecom customers where maybe the margin is low initially but it gives us more long-term stability on the book versus your AI capacity in terms of your capacity and order book if you could provide some clarity on how you're thinking about this long term.

A (Ankit): Absolutely, I think that's absolutely spot on. I would almost add one more element to that is rural connectivity projects. So we have three or four parallel demand centers. One has been the historical telecom requirements which also are continuing to grow in certain pockets and certainly in the US. Then you've got the data center part which we're all aware of and that's continuing to grow both from the hyperscalers as well as neoclouds and in fact there is a middle ground between the two where the telecom operators or neutral fiber companies are also deploying long haul fiber networks to ultimately serve or lease to the data centers so they're interconnected in some way. And then you've got this third element of rural projects like BEAD which is starting to kick off now in the US which is a 5 to 7 year buildout and then you've got BharatNet in India which is also a large 3 to four year buildout at least. So we are very conscious that we are in this business to be long-term, we've stated our ambitions to be top three in the world and with that we're very clear that we want to have this balance of our customer base and our portfolio base. What we broadly see is that our data center and enterprise segment will go towards 50% overall and probably we will have telecom and the rural connectivity projects like BEAD and BharatNet and others as a balance.

Q (Krish follow-up): Just to follow up so over the next 3 to 5 years do you see this mix of 50% remaining constant or do you think that as the size goes up it will automatically adjust back down.

A (Ankit): No I think look it's, I think strategically this is where we want to go. Of course it can vary quarter to quarter but directionally this is where we think is a good mix. I think we also need to be mindful that we are also looking to scale up our connectivity part in this so both on the telecom side as well as on the data center side we continuously launching new products like the Concat and others that I spoke about where we can improve our attach rate and we're talking about by quarter 4 of this year getting to about 25%. So whether it's on the cable capacity or on the connectivity we are planning and doing our product development to serve all these markets.

Operator: The next question is from the line of Subramanium from Arihant. Please proceed.

Q (Subramanium, Arihant): Good evening sir thank you so much for the opportunity. From the data center side what is our current revenue share in Q1, and secondly I looked at page number 11 under PPT, so earlier we had developed a Celesta up to 6,912 fiber per RAM but it's mentioned 12,000 fiber packs which have around 72 GPU AI node that have been developed or it's under development and we are targeting 16,000 fibers or so. And if you could share on realization point of view not at the company level but at the industry level how that price have moved up, earlier it is between $18 to $30 range so I'm trying to understand based on the complexities and based on the applications how that realization have moved up on the industry level.

A (Ankit): So firstly on the realization we do not comment on realization broadly. We do have a healthy mix of good realization from data center as well as the telecom side so that's something that we continue to have a mix of both types of customers. On the question that you mentioned, so I just want to clarify from a technical perspective this is not reflective of the fiber count, the cable itself the number of fibers per switch. So it's just kind of trying to help you understand that as you move towards different GPU architecture what is the amount of fibers per switch required and as you see that scale up it's more just to help you understand that as the density increases by nature of the work happening with NVDA and others the amount of fiber per data center will continue to increase so that's more just from an information perspective. And similarly on the left side when you look at fiber explosion in DCI which is the data center interconnect as you see more and more buildings, data center buildings per campus increase you will see an exponential increase in the fiber for the data center interconnect so that's just a messaging of both of these that we wanted to share.

Operator: The next question is from the line of Akhil from Seven Holding. Please proceed.

Q (Akhil, Seven Holding): Congratulations on a fantastic set of results and thank you for the opportunity. My question was that the Q1 performance that we've seen in terms of revenue and profitability, can we take is it sustainable over the course of the rest of the year.

A (Ankit): We don't guide any numbers for the full year or longer term. What we've been, I can only reiterate what we've been guiding is that we do expect that our utilization levels will continue to improve, we are in conversations and active discussions with customers to secure more orders and we're continuing to invest in both our capacities through debottlenecking as well as through some of our product development. So from our perspective I think we are well placed to grow but we cannot give any specific guidance in terms of how much we'll grow from here.

Q (Akhil): Also I just want to understand what is the kind of capex that we're going to do this year and probably next year.

A (Ankit): So broadly what we see is that as a combination of our investments to upgrade all our equipment that I spoke about across glass fiber cable and connectivity as well as for our debottlenecking across our sites to improve our yields and output we expect about 500 crores of investment per year for the next 3 years so cumulatively around 1,500 crores is what we see over the 3 years.

Q (Akhil): Can you also share the breakup of revenue for the optical connectivity and digital business.

A (Ankit): No we don't break that out.

Operator: The next question is from the line of Tushar from Sangi Family Office. Please proceed.

Q (Tushar, Sangi Family Office): Congratulations on a great execution. My first question was on the optical connectivity product, I just wanted to understand are we into the manufacturing of the optical transceivers and if not whether we plan to enter into that space and how do you assess the product offerings that we have under optical connectivity versus the optical transceivers, a quick primer would be very helpful. And my second question was on the margins, I see we have upgraded our margins, is it on the back of the increase in the pricing that we are seeing or because we have guided for the increased optical connectivity attach rates that's why an upgrade to the margins.

A (Ankit): I think there is some history here, we actually used to be in multiple businesses including active components and many other things. We've consciously chosen to exit sell off or shut down many businesses and we've also demerged our system integration business into a separate entity. So there's a very conscious choice to be very very focused on the optical fiber cable connectivity side and that's where we are making sure that we're building the right product portfolio. So that's really our focus, we're not looking at the transceiver side or any other technologies. Anything that's linked to our fiber optics, things like hollow core, multicore, any of those elements or new types of fibers those are all within our domain but new products like transceivers is not something that we're looking at currently. And in terms of the upgrade to the margins I think it's a combination of two three things, it is certainly some amount of improvement in our capacity utilization, a good product mix and customer mix as well as from a product side a good healthy ratio of cable and connectivity together.

Operator: The next question is from the line of Aniel from Segel Capital Advisor. Please proceed.

Q (Aniel, Segel Capital): Hi Ankit thanks for taking my call great set of numbers. Two questions, one do we have a play in the semiconductor value chain at all whether now or in the future, and the second is you've spoken a lot about the American data center opportunity can you speak a little bit about the Chinese opportunity or rather the investment in data centers in China, why I ask that question is because we hear that the cost of tokens etc is being reduced materially by Chinese players now, does that mean that it deflates the whole capex environment or that really is not the case at the moment.

A (Ankit): I think in terms of the investments yes clearly data center growth is the strongest in the US. We are also seeing some very large investment announcements by the government and by the private sector in China that you touched on as well. From our perspective I think definitely we see two or three areas that we are looking at, our first focus continues to be the data center demand in the US. I think India as we also touched on in our slides is just at a starting point and will start to grow so we're excited about how we can really enable this AI infrastructure in India both on longhaul fiber metro fiber as well as fiber optics within the data center. I think Europe does need to step up, there are some initial investments that are starting to happen and some announcements but I think the progress and speed on the ground is still slow so I think Europe will probably be a dark horse and will start scaling up in a year or two. In terms of your point on overall the tokens I think that is something that's on everyday basis worth watching out for but our macro thesis continues to be that the sheer demand, when you look at the cloud revenues of all the hyperscalers that continues to accelerate quite strongly and even some of the new players like Meta and Oracle are talking about increasing and preparing their data centers for third party sales. So it does seem to be that the demand is outstripping supply currently but I agree with you that the price points will have to become more efficient and this large delta in cost of tokens between the US cloud providers and China there has to be something that has to give at some level. But from a sheer capex spend in the US we continue to be optimistic about that and we continue to build our product portfolio. On your question on the semiconductor, that's not really our top priority right now, we're very focused on the opportunities that we see within the telecom and data center space. We do have very strong glass capability and we'll continue to evaluate whether we can utilize some of that glass capability for some of the semiconductor requirements but that's not immediately a priority right now.

Operator: The next question is from the line of Sati K from PM Capital. Please proceed.

Q (Sati K, PM Capital): I just wanted to check on the $100 million capex that was announced for the US plant in May, what's the capex phasing like and expected function timeline.

A (Ankit): So what we announced was a $100 million investment over a 5 year period. This was as part of our strategy both to ensure that we have a good balance of cable and connectivity onshore in the US primarily to help certain customers and be able to serve them with a quicker turnaround. The second reason we're doing that is to be more closely aligned and customize our products for their requirements and to also be able to serve them for their future requirements. So this is something that we continue to have conversations with our customers particularly on the data center side and as we progress and as we get more clarity from our customers in terms of the requirements we'll probably update you by next quarter in terms of progress on that.

Q (Sati K): Do we have any capacity number in mind what we plan to include there.

A (Ankit): So this will mainly be for the connectivity side so it doesn't really translate into a capacity per se but as I said this will be a connectivity facility that we are planning both for the telecom segment and the data center segment. So once we're able to finalize and detail out the investment and the scale out of that investment then we'll be able to share that.

Operator: The next question is from the line of Noah from Noah Financials. Please proceed.

Q (Noah, Noah Financials): My question was about you mentioned germanium and helium content, so if it continue through FY27 so it will affect your order book on any margin or do you have any other suppliers or technology to overcome.

A (Ankit): I think what I shared earlier as well that we are actively working to diversify our suppliers across our raw materials whether it's germanium helium or others. There have been cost increases that I spoke about in terms of our input costs but we are very mindful and looking at improving our supply quarter on quarter and as I said we feel confident about that. And at the same time we are taking in orders from our customers both on telecom and data center side on BharatNet side keeping in mind the availability of our raw materials.

Operator: The next question is from the line of Naman Parmar from Nishai Investment. Please proceed.

Q (Naman Parmar, Nishai): Good evening sir thank you so much for opportunity. Firstly I wanted to understand what will be your debt level and the working capital for the year end of FY27 after this QIP.

A (Ajay/CFO): So we have disclosed that we broadly believe that we'll be net debt free even during the financial year. The raise of QIP will definitely help along with the internal accruals. At the same time there has been consistent focus on reducing the net working capital by engaging into dialogues with the customers on reducing the payment terms and that should definitely help us.

Q (Naman Parmar): Secondly if you can help us in understanding on the margin perspective, you mentioned that you are working very aggressively on reducing the consumption of germanium which will help you in increasing the gross margin going forward, if the germanium cost reduces or remains stable at this price so if you can explain how maximum the margin can help you at the gross level, and also on the EBITDA you can bifurcate between telecom versus data center, what is the margin difference.

A (Ankit): We don't normally call out the margin difference but what we have shared in the past is that yes the margins broadly for the solutions we sell to data center are higher margins than the telecom segment. And I think from a cost input perspective while the costs are higher right now, for us our focus is to ensure that we are able to utilize our facilities and just through utilization of our factories we'll be able to have better EBITDA margins being realized and then on top of that as we increase our connectivity attach rate which we shared going up to 25% by quarter 4 that will further enable our EBITDA margin to increase. So these are the two three things why we feel confident that the margins will move towards the 23% that AJ spoke about.

Operator: With this we conclude our call. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr Rahul for his closing comments.

Closing (Rahul): Thank you everyone for taking time to hear us today. We truly believe STL is well positioned to play a pivotal role in building the digital infrastructure of the future and we remain available to take any of your follow-up questions. You may reach out to us at official email id investor@stl.tech. Once again thank you and we remain grateful for your continued support.

[VERBATIM TRANSCRIPT ENDS]
