[page 1]
 
 
20th August, 2026 
  
To 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544253 
To 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: KROSS 
 
ISIN: INE0O6601022 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Submission of Annual Report for the financial year 2025-26 under Regulation 
34(1) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 34 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 35th 
Annual Report of Kross Limited for the financial year 2025-26.  
 
The Annual Report is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at 
https://www.krosslimited.com/agm-annual-report  
 
We request you to take the above information on record and kindly acknowledge the receipt. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
       For Kross Limited 
 
 
____________________________ 
Debolina Karmakar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: ACS 62738 
DEBOLINA 
KARMAKAR
Digitally signed by 
DEBOLINA 
KARMAKAR 
Date: 2026.08.20 
15:08:03 +05'30'

[page 2]
Building a  
Self-reliant 
Industrial 
Ecosystem
Annual Report 2025-26

[page 3]
Building a 
Self-reliant Industrial Ecosystem
The future of manufacturing will be shaped by companies that build 
capabilities, not just products. 
At Kross, we are building an integrated industrial ecosystem 
that strengthens every stage of the automotive value chain. 
Through strategic investments in backward integration, 
advanced manufacturing technologies, process innovation  
and product diversification, we are steadily transforming from 
a component manufacturer into a systems partner.
Our initiatives span India’s first in-house seamless tube 
manufacturing facility for automotive applications and the 
country’s first single-piece axle beam extrusion plant to robotic 
forging, expanded forging and foundry capacity, and new 
product platforms such as Tipping Jacks, V-Rod and Torsion 
Assemblies. Together they serve one objective: to internalize 
critical capabilities, strengthen supply chain resilience and 
deliver world-class engineering solutions.
This integrated approach strengthens the Company’s 
competitiveness and contributes to India’s vision 
of a robust, self-reliant and globally competitive 
automotive manufacturing ecosystem.
Across the Pages
Investor Information
Pages 103-163
Financial Statements
Pages 164-181
Notice to Shareholders
Market Capitalization as of March 31, 2026 (BSE): 
INR 10,218.3 Mn 
CIN: 
L29100JH1991PLC004465
BSE Code: 
544253
NSE Symbol: 
KROSS
AGM Date: 
Wednesday, September 16, 2026
AGM Mode: 
Video Conferencing (VC) and Other Audio-Visual 
Means (OAVM)
ISIN: 
INE0O6601022
Disclaimer:
This document contains statements about expected future events and financials of Kross Limited (‘The Company’), which are ‘forward-looking.’ By 
their nature, ‘forward-looking statements’ require the Company to make assumptions and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. There is 
a significant risk that the assumptions, predictions, and other ‘forward-looking statements’ may not prove to be accurate. Readers are cautioned 
not to place undue reliance on ‘forward-looking statements’ as several factors could cause assumptions, actual future results and events to differ 
materially from those expressed in the ‘forward-looking statements.’ Accordingly, this document is subject to the disclaimer and qualified in its 
entirety by the assumptions, qualifications and risk factors referred to in the Management Discussion and Analysis section of this Annual Report.
Pages 34-102
Statutory Reports
Management Discussion and Analysis
Board’s Report
Report on Corporate Governance
34
48
70
Pages 1-33
Corporate Overview
Building a Self-reliant Industrial Ecosystem
Engineering Trust into Safety-critical Components
Milestones in Motion
Manufacturing at the Core, Serving the Nation
Strength Built for the Next Decade
From Precision Components to Engineered Solutions 
Every Critical Process under One Roof
A Record Year Built on Discipline
Widening the Path to Future Growth
Caring for the Environment and Community
Experience Guiding Every Decision
Recognition Earned through Excellence
Corporate Information
1
2
4
6
8
12
16
22
24
26
30
32
33
Scan this QR code to navigate investor-related 
information
or visit
https://www.krosslimited.com/financialresultsandannualreturn

[page 4]
Kross Limited is a leading manufacturer of safety-critical components 
for the commercial vehicle and farm equipment sectors. Built on 
a fully backward-integrated model that runs from design through 
forging, casting and machining, the Company holds quality where 
it matters most and turns precision-made parts into systems its 
customers can depend on.
From precision-engineered 
components to integrated mobility 
systems, Kross Limited has built a 
strong position in India’s automotive 
manufacturing landscape. Today, 
the Company is among the leading 
domestic manufacturers of trailer axles 
and suspension assemblies, delivering 
engineered solutions for the trailer, 
medium and heavy commercial vehicle 
(M&HCV), and farm equipment sectors.
Backed by 35+ years of manufacturing 
expertise, Kross is one of the few 
players in India with end-to-end 
in-house capabilities spanning 
design, forging, casting, machining 
and assembly. One of the fastest-
growing organized players in the 
trailer axle industry, the Company 
pairs a diversified product portfolio 
with globally benchmarked quality 
standards, including IATF 16949:2016 
certification.
As it continues to invest in backward 
integration, advanced manufacturing 
technologies and product innovation, 
Kross is strengthening its role as 
a trusted partner to leading OEMs 
and building a scalable platform for 
sustained, value-accretive growth.
Being L1 in deliver,  
cost and quality.
Integrity and transparency 
within its company, its 
customers and stakeholders.
Continuous improvement in 
processes and method of 
manufacturing.
Leadership skill and 
teamwork at all levels.
	
●
To be customer’s first choice in all its product.
	
●
To be an aggregate manufacturer in its 
product line.
	
●
To develop new technologies for enhancing 
its product lines.
	
●
To grow with its team members and have near 
zero attrition.
35+
Manufacturing Expertise
7,500
Trailer Axle and Suspension Assemblies/
Month Manufacturing Capacity 
IATF 16949:2016
Certified Manufacturing Operations
Country’s First
Manufacturer of Single Piece 
Extruded Axle Beam for the Trailer 
and Truck Industry
Seamless 
Tube
(Launching Soon)
200+
Customers across OEMs, Tier-1 
Suppliers, Dealers and Fabricators
Integrated
Manufacturers
With End-to-end In-house 
Capabilities 
One of the Few
Trailer Axle and Suspension Assemblies
One of the Country’s 
Top Manufacturers of
Pan-India
Sales and Service Network
About Kross Limited
Engineering Trust into 
Safety-critical Components
What Sets Kross Apart
Vision
Mission
Kross accomplishes the business with:
2
3
a
a
a

[page 5]
About Kross Limited
Kross 
Manufacturers (I) 
Pvt. Ltd. started 
by making 
universal joint 
crosses and 
differential 
spiders.
Kross started 
supplying stub 
axles, PTO  
shaft and  
rock shafts.
Kross got certified 
as a TS 16949 
company. We 
backward 
integrated into 
forgings and 
installed our first 
upsetter.
We put up 
mechanical 
forging presses– 
2,500 ton/2,000 
ton. We secured 
important clients.
The company 
became 
the largest 
manufacturer 
 in India for 
gear shift joints, 
spiders and 
coupling flanges. 
Developed the 
suspension 
linkage.
The Company 
got listed on 
both NSE 
and BSE on 
September 16, 
2024.
Extrusion: 
country’s first 
manufacturer 
of single piece 
extruded axle 
beam for the 
trailer and truck 
industry from 
April 2026.
Kross developed 
the warm 
precision 
forming 
technology. 
Developed 
differential bevel 
gears and pole 
wheels.
Launched 
trailer axles, 
mechanical 
suspensions, 
and air 
suspensions in 
the year 2019. 
Currently the 
country’s second 
largest producer 
of these 
assemblies.
Launched 
telescopic tipping 
jacks for the 
truck and trailer 
industry from 
January 2026.
Seamless tube 
manufacturing 
facility
Milestones in Motion
From its beginnings in precision engineering to becoming a fully 
integrated manufacturer of safety-critical systems, Kross Limited’s 
journey has been defined by continuous capability enhancement and 
strategic expansion.
1994
1997
2003
2019
2026
2000
2016
2024
2026
Launching 
soon
a
a
a
4
5

[page 6]
Jamshedpur
Gurugram
Hoshiarpur
Jaipur
Gandhidham
Raigad
Pantnagar
Chennai
Warehousing Network  
An extensive warehousing network complements the 
Company’s pan-India operations by supporting efficient 
inventory management and streamlined logistics.
Manufacturing Facilities
Pan India
Disclaimer:
This map is a generalized illustration only for the ease of the reader to understand the locations, and it is not 
intended to be used for reference purposes. The representation of political boundaries and the names of 
geographical features/states do not necessarily reflect the actual position. The Company or any of its Directors or 
employees, cannot be held responsible for any misuse or misinterpretation of any information or design thereof. 
The Company does not warrant or represent any kind of connection with its accuracy or completeness.
Specialized forging facility with upset-forging 
capabilities, producing forged components 
and intermediate products.
Precision-machining and quality-control facility 
producing coupling flanges, differential spiders, shafts 
and allied assemblies.
Unit VI 
(Under 
Development)
Unit V
Unit III
Unit IV
Unit I
Unit II
Six purpose-built manufacturing facilities, equipped with advanced technologies, turn the Company’s engineering expertise 
into high-performance products.
Combined forging 
and machining 
facility covering 
induction pressing, 
heat treatment, shot 
blasting and the 
production of axle 
shafts and related 
components.
Purpose-built 
assembly and 
manufacturing 
unit for trailer axle 
systems, suspension 
assemblies and 
other value-added 
products.
Casting and machining facility producing hubs, 
brake drums and associated sub-assemblies for 
trailer axles and suspensions and established to 
strengthen backward integration.
Under development across 6.56 acres, this 
facility will house the Company’s seamless 
tube project, deepening integration and 
expanding manufacturing capacity.
Presence across the Country
Kross runs a nationwide network of manufacturing and warehousing 
facilities placed across the country’s key industrial and demand 
centers. This footprint keeps production close to raw materials and 
customers alike, so safety-critical products move efficiently from plant 
to point of use across India.
Manufacturing at the 
Core, Serving the Nation 
Manufacturing Facilities 
6
7
a
a
a

[page 7]
Building for India’s 
Manufacturing Future
India today stands at the threshold of a new industrial era. 
Sustained investment in infrastructure, logistics, mining and 
manufacturing, together with PM GatiShakti, the National 
Logistics Policy and Make in India, is remaking how and 
where the country manufactures. As global supply chains 
diversify and localization becomes a priority, India is steadily 
emerging as a preferred manufacturing destination.
While the M&HCV industry is expected to grow modestly 
in the near term, continued investment in roads, mining, 
construction and agricultural mechanization underwrites 
long-term demand across the automotive and industrial 
value chains.
At Kross, we have always believed 
that enduring businesses are built 
by anticipating structural trends 
rather than responding to short-term 
cycles. Our strategy has therefore 
remained consistent: to strengthen our 
manufacturing capabilities, deepen 
our integration across the value chain 
and position ourselves as a trusted 
engineering partner for supporting 
India’s industrial ambitions for decades 
to come.
Building an Integrated 
Manufacturing Ecosystem
The defining feature of FY 2025-26 was the continued 
evolution of Kross from a precision-machined component 
manufacturer into an integrated engineering and systems 
company.
Over the years, we have steadily expanded our capabilities 
across forging, foundry, machining and precision 
manufacturing. This year, we did more than add to them. 
Strategic investments deepened each capability and 
changed the way we manufacture.
	
●
This scheme will not allow any BS4 or less vehicles to
enter Delhi NCR region
●
With this scheme if a transporter replaces their old
vehicle he gets benefit of 10-year road tax holiday
●
He gets free registration of his new vehicle
●
He gets close to 13% discount (5% as subsidy and 8% as
discount from OEM)
We feel Parivartan Scheme will be very good for Commercial 
Vehicle segment and on the same line the GST reforms 
announced last year continue to support and stimulate 
growth in the CV Industry.
While these outcomes reflect our internal resilience, they 
must also be viewed against the broader economic and 
industrial landscape that continues to shape our growth 
trajectory.
Chairman’s Message 
Strength Built for  
the Next Decade
Every enduring enterprise reaches a stage where growth 
is no longer measured by the capacity it creates, but by the 
strength of the ecosystem it builds. For Kross Limited,  
FY 2025-26 was that defining phase in our journey.
In our first full year as a listed company, the task was not 
to post another set of numbers. It was to prove that the 
confidence our shareholders had placed in us was earned. 
We treated every decision that way, as a test of that trust, 
and directed each one toward building a stronger, more 
integrated and more self-reliant company.
That resolve draws on three decades of building. Kross 
has earned the trust of leading OEMs through engineering 
excellence, manufacturing precision and unwavering 
customer commitment. This year, we pressed those 
strengths harder, accelerating investment in technology, 
backward integration and product development, and 
deploying 100% of our IPO proceeds exactly as we had 
promised at listing. The result is a company with stronger 
infrastructure, lower leverage, wider capabilities and firmer 
ground beneath its next phase of growth.
Dear Stakeholders
8
9
a
a
a

[page 8]
Chairman’s Message 
Among the milestones was the commissioning of India’s first 
single-piece Axle Beam Extrusion Plant, an investment of 
about INR 25 Cr. This facility marks a technological leap for 
the Indian trailer axle industry. By moving from fabricated 
axle assemblies to single-piece extruded axle beams, we 
have made the axle stronger, lighter on material, free of 
welded joints and easier on tires. At the same time, the plant 
has expanded our trailer axle manufacturing capacity by 
50%, from 5,000 units to 7,500 units per month, and opened 
the door to advanced products such as higher-capacity 
suspensions and car carrier axles. Most of all, it gives us an 
edge that is hard to replicate.
Our forging infrastructure was transformed too. The 
commissioning of multiple high-tonnage presses doubled 
our forging capacity, and our move toward robotic 
press forging brings us to world-class standards. These 
investments improve productivity, sharpen process 
consistency and strengthen our ability to build ever more 
sophisticated products for global customers.
Equally transformative is our INR 167 Cr. Seamless Tube 
Manufacturing Project in Jharkhand, which is progressing 
according to plan. Construction milestones have been met on 
schedule, and commissioning is targeted for FY 2027. Once 
operational, Kross will become the only Indian automotive 
component manufacturer with integrated seamless tube 
manufacturing capability. Beyond the backward integration 
for our trailer axle and tipping jack and part businesses, this 
facility opens opportunities across oil and gas, infrastructure 
and industrial applications, cutting import dependence and 
opening entirely new growth avenues. The Company is 
also actively exploring opportunities in the defence sector, 
leveraging its in-house seamless tube manufacturing 
capabilities to address emerging requirements in this space.
Expanding Our Growth 
Platforms
As our manufacturing capabilities have evolved, so has the 
scope of our business.
Our trailer axle and suspension business has become one 
of our strongest pillars, contributing approximately 43% of 
our total revenues during FY 2025-26. On that strength, we 
entered the precision hydraulic tipping jack segment during 
the year, setting up a manufacturing facility with a capacity of 
800 units per month. Commercial production began during 
the fourth quarter, and we expect the business to scale 
steadily through FY 2027. The Gas Cylinder segment offers 
a significant opportunity, supported by a large domestic 
market and limited competition.
Tipping jacks are not intended to cater new market 
environment as our trailer axles and suspension systems, so 
each sale deepens a relationship we already have, lifts our 
share of the customer’s spend, and moves us from selling 
parts to selling systems.
Our agricultural products business also continued to 
strengthen during the year. Backed by relationships of 
more than three decades with leading OEMs such as TAFE, 
SONALIKA, TMTL, we are expanding our portfolio with new 
products, lines and assemblies. Our objective is to lift this 
segment from 10% presently to 15% of overall revenues over 
the next two years, building another growth engine for the 
Company.
Beyond domestic markets, we continued to strengthen 
our global footprint. We expanded supplies to existing 
customers, including Swedish company, across international 
markets. Our export business grew 24% year-on-year 
during the first half, with exports contributing approximately 
4% of annual revenues. Our objective is to raise export 
contribution to about 8% in the next two years.
What gives us confidence is not 
the opportunity before us, but the 
capabilities we have built to pursue it. 
Every new market, every new product 
and every new customer relationship is 
built on a manufacturing platform that 
continues to grow stronger, deeper and 
more integrated.
Creating Sustainable Value
The successful deployment of IPO proceeds has let us cut 
debt sharply while investing in the manufacturing assets 
that are reshaping the business. As a result, we hold a 
healthy Debt-to-Equity ratio of approximately 0.1x, which 
gives us room to pursue new opportunities without straining 
the balance sheet. Going forward, our focus will shift to 
improving asset productivity, strengthening cash generation 
and funding expansion through internal accruals.
Equally important has been our work on governance 
and institutional development. As a listed company, we 
strengthened our compliance framework, deepened 
Board oversight and held ourselves to a higher standard of 
transparency, accountability and ethical conduct. These are 
not boxes to be ticked; they are the foundation of long-term 
stakeholder confidence.
Our responsibility also extends beyond our factory gates. 
During the year, our CSR work focused on strengthening 
education infrastructure and supporting community welfare 
across Jharkhand. We remain committed to ensuring that the 
communities around us grow alongside our business.
Looking Ahead with 
Confidence
As we enter FY 2026-27, we do so with confidence born not 
from optimism, but from preparation.
The investments of the past several years are starting 
to show as real competitive advantage. Our priorities for 
the coming year are clear: commercialize our axle beam 
extrusion technology, scale the tipping jack business, 
expand our agricultural portfolio, strengthen export markets 
and commission our seamless tube manufacturing facility. 
Furthermore, with an upbeat in demand and capacity 
increase with our current infrastructure and Kross Limited 
Strong succession plan, the company is poised for  
higher growth.
We aspire to build Kross into one of 
India’s most integrated engineering and 
manufacturing companies, a Company 
that combines advanced technology, 
deep manufacturing capabilities and 
customer-centric innovation to deliver 
complete solutions rather than individual 
components. Every investment we make, 
every capability we build and every 
relationship we nurture is guided by this 
purpose.
When I reflect on the journey of Kross since its inception  
in 1991, I see a company that has continually evolved to meet 
the changing needs of customers and industry.  
FY 2025-26 was another defining chapter, not because of 
any single milestone, but because we strengthened the 
foundations that will shape our next decade of growth. The 
ecosystem we are building today is built to create enduring 
value for our customers, our employees, our shareholders 
and the nation.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I extend my heartfelt 
gratitude to our customers, business partners, employees 
and shareholders for their continued trust and confidence. 
Your unwavering support has been central to our journey, 
and it inspires us to pursue even higher standards of quality. 
Together, we will continue building a stronger, more resilient 
and globally competitive Kross.
Warm Regards, 
Sudhir Rai 
Chairman and Managing Director
10
11
a
a
a

[page 9]
Product Offerings 
What began as a precision components business has grown into 
a diversified engineering partnership spanning the commercial 
vehicle, trailer and agricultural equipment sectors. Backed by 
integrated manufacturing and steady innovation, the Company now 
supplies engineered solutions, built to the specific demands of each 
application it serves.
From Precision Components to 
Engineered Solutions
Commercial Vehicle Components
Trailer Axles and Suspensions
Revenue Contribution
Revenue Contribution
43%
42.61%
Key Products
Applications
Key Features
Applications
Key Products
Trailer Axles
Air Suspensions
Landing Gears
Mechanical Suspensions
Tipping Jacks 
Kross manufactures a range of safety-critical and precision-engineered components for the M&HCV industry. Drawing on its 
forging, machining and quality assurance capabilities, it supplies critical drivetrain and suspension components to leading 
OEMs. Every part is built to meet the stringent performance and reliability the industry demands.
	
●
Wide portfolio of safety-critical commercial vehicle components
	
●
Strong in-house forging, machining and process engineering capabilities
	
●
Long-standing relationships with leading OEM customers
	
●
Proven expertise in manufacturing complex precision-engineered parts
	
●
Road trailers and semi-trailers
	
●
Tankers, flatbeds and tipping trailers
	
●
	Vehicle carriers and specialized transport 
applications
	
●
Integrated capabilities spanning design, 
manufacturing and assembly
	
●
Comprehensive portfolio serving the 
trailer ecosystem
	
●
Introduction of tipping jacks to expand 
product offerings
	
●
Development of single-piece axle beam 
technology through extrusion
	
●
Focus on durability, performance and 
cost efficiency
	
●
	Medium and heavy commercial vehicles
	
●
Drivetrain and power transmission 
systems
	
●
	Suspension and axle assemblies
The Company is among the leading domestic manufacturers of trailer axles and suspension assemblies, offering integrated 
solutions for the trailer ecosystem. Backed by in-house development and manufacturing, it keeps strengthening that position 
through product innovation, backward integration and capacity expansion.
Key Features
Axle 
Shafts
Coupling 
Flanges 
UJ 
Crosses
Anti-Roll 
Bars
Differential 
Spiders 
12
13
a
a
a

[page 10]
Product Offerings 
Exports
Tractor Components
Revenue Contribution
Revenue Contribution
3.55%
9.48%
Applications
Key Products
	
●
	Presence in international markets
	
●
	Export of precision-engineered forged and machined components
	
●
	Strong quality and manufacturing standards
	
●
	Focus on expanding global customer relationships
	
●
	Commercial vehicle systems
	
●
	Industrial and automotive applications
	
●
	Global OEM and aftermarket requirements
Kross serves international customers through exports of precision-engineered components, backed by its manufacturing 
and quality standards. The export portfolio currently spans products such as UJ crosses and other machined and forged 
components supplied to global customers. The Company continues to expand its international footprint through new  
customers and product approvals.
Kross serves the agricultural equipment sector through a range of machined, forged and cast components supplied to leading 
tractor manufacturers. The Company’s long-standing presence in the segment rests on deep customer relationships and 
manufacturing expertise built over decades.
Applications
Key Features
Key Products
PTO Shafts
Rock Shafts
Ring Gears
Stub Axles
Axle Shafts
	
●
	Agricultural tractors
	
●
	Farm implements and attachments
	
●
	Transmission and driveline systems
	
●
	Diverse portfolio of tractor and 
agricultural components
	
●
	Established relationships with leading 
tractor OEMs
	
●
	Manufacturing capabilities across forging, 
casting and machining
	
●
	Products designed for demanding 
agricultural operating conditions
14
15
a
a
a

[page 11]
The Company’s manufacturing base rests on three things: integration, 
technology and continuous improvement. With every critical process 
held in-house, from design to final assembly, it builds safety-critical 
products with the efficiency and precision the work demands.
Every Critical Process 
under One Roof 
Manufacturing Excellence
Integrated Operations and 
In-House Capabilities
Tool and Die Manufacturing 
Casting 
Design, Engineering and 
Development 
Kross has built a vertically integrated manufacturing 
ecosystem that gives it control across the value chain, from 
product development to final assembly. That control shows 
up where it counts: in tighter quality assurance, greater 
efficiency and on-time delivery of safety-critical components.
Kross has in-house manufacturing capabilities for its upset 
and press forging dies. The Company manufactures dies 
with extreme precision for net-shaped and near net-shaped 
forgings used in critical components such as pole wheels 
and differential bevel gears.
In 2023, Kross expanded its capabilities into castings by 
setting up a HPML (High Pressure Mould Line) foundry. The 
Company has a capacity to produce 1,500 tonnes of liquid 
metal per month. The foundry is equipped with:
	
●
Box sizes: 710 mm x 710 mm x 550 mm and  
900 mm x 760 mm x 600 mm
	
●
Four induction heating furnaces capable of producing 4 
tons/hour of liquid metal
	
●
PLC controlled sand mixer with SMC (sand moisture 
controller)
	
●
	Laboratory with complete sand testing and metal testing 
equipment:
	
⊲Bench spectrometer (Brand name) Spectro 2 nos
	
⊲Universal testing machine for yield and tensile 
measurements
	
⊲Wet tensile strength
	
⊲GSC measurements
	
⊲Automatic moisture measurements
	
⊲AFS grain size, LOI and tests
	
⊲Microscope with image analyzer
Kross works closely with its OEM partners to develop new 
designs for proprietary parts such as anti-roll bars and 
gear shifter joints, among others. The Company also has 
a dedicated design team capable of designing complex 
safety-critical assemblies such as trailer axles, suspensions 
and tipping jacks.
The Company has a dedicated inhouse forging and casting 
team for designing forgings, castings and their respective 
tooling. It focuses on yield improvements to provide 
customers with the most cost-competitive solutions.
In-house new product design
Forging and casting designs
This vertical high-speed machining center delivers very 
high accuracy at high operating speeds and is capable of 
manufacturing precision dies for net-shaped forgings.
High speed machining center
All profile dies are finished on vertical machining centers.
Vertical machining centers
Round dies are finished on CNC turning machines.
CNC turning
The Company has a complete inhouse setup for tool/die 
buildup using MIG and ARC welding. This enhances tool and 
die life while delivering the lowest cost per component.
Die welding capabilities
16
17
a
a
a

[page 12]
Manufacturing Excellence
Gear hobbing and shaping machines
CNC and cylindrical grinding machines
Robotic welding
Horizontal and vertical machining centers
GROB make spline rolling machine
Laser cutting
CNC turning and turnmill centers
Internal and surface broaching machines
7 seal quench furnaces used for heat treatment of parts and 
case carburizing.
Seal Quench Furnaces
Kross has in-house gas nitriding capacity.
Gas Nitriding Furnace
400 tonne per month production capacity of anti-roll bar for 
M&HCV.
Anti-roll Bar Furnace
Machining
At Kross Limited, quality is built into the manufacturing 
process. To provide customers with the best quality and 
on-time deliveries, the Company invests in world-class 
machining equipment. It maintains a contingency plan 
for each major operation, thereby ensuring timely and 
continuous delivery to customers even in case of a machine 
breakdown.
The Company’s machining equipment includes CNC 
lathes, Vertical Machining Centres (VMCs) and Horizontal 
Machining Centres (HMCs). For gear manufacturing, the 
Company’s equipment includes CNC hobbing, spline rolling, 
shaving, shaping, internal broaching and surface broaching 
machines. The Company also has sheet metal processing 
capabilities such as laser cutting, plasma cutting, shearing 
and robotic welding.
Quality
Kross’s manufacturing plants are 
certified under ISO 9001, IATF 16949, 
ISO 14001 and ISO 45001. Each plant 
is equipped with metallurgy and 
metrology laboratories. The Company 
maintains the highest quality standards 
required by the automotive industry.
Heat Treatment
Forging 
The Company has advanced laboratory and heat treatment 
equipment for its normalizing, hardening and tempering, 
case carburizing and induction hardening operations. Its 
heat treatment processes are CQI-9 approved and are 
carried out entirely in-house.
Kross has a wide range of upset and press forging 
equipment. The Company’s capabilities include rear axle shaft 
forging on Material Gathering Machine (MGM) and press (up 
to 350 mm flange OD), rear axle shaft and other shaft forgings 
on upsetter (up to 320 mm flange OD), hot press forging from 
0.5 kg to 35 kg input weight, and warm forging of net/near 
net-shaped parts. The Company has an inhouse toolroom 
equipped with VMCs, CNC turning centers, EDM, high-speed 
machining centers, welding machines and stress-relieving 
furnaces. All forging machines are equipped with induction 
heaters with an accept-reject system.
Four furnaces for continuous hardening and tempering 
processes with a combined capacity of 100 tonnes per day. All 
furnaces are equipped with SCADA software for data logging.
20 induction hardening machines from GH Induction ranging 
from 30 kilowatt to 300 kilowatt. Induction hardening is an 
integral part of the manufacturing process, with most products 
undergoing this process.
Hardening and Tempering
Induction Hardening 
18
19
a
a
a

[page 13]
Manufacturing Excellence
Strategic Capex and ‘First-in-India’ Initiatives
Product Development
Quality and Standards
Kross continues to strengthen its competitive position through targeted investments aimed at enhancing backward integration, 
improving operational efficiency and developing differentiated manufacturing capabilities.
Kross continues to broaden its product portfolio through 
focused innovation and customer-led development 
initiatives.
	
●
Commercial launch of the Tipping Jack product line
	
●
Expansion of trailer ecosystem offerings through new 
products and assemblies
	
●
Development of next-generation trailer solutions, 
including specialized axle and suspension systems
	
●
Ongoing evaluation of additional value-added products 
to address emerging market requirements
Quality remains central to Kross’ manufacturing philosophy. 
The Company follows stringent quality-control practices 
supported by advanced testing infrastructure and validation 
processes to ensure product reliability and safety.
Quality Framework
	
●
In-house metallurgical and material testing capabilities
	
●
Non-destructive testing and defect detection systems
	
●
Comprehensive validation procedures for safety-critical 
products
	
●
Continuous monitoring of manufacturing and process 
quality parameters
The Company commissioned India’s first axle beam 
extrusion facility during FY 2025-26, marking a significant 
technological advancement in trailer axle manufacturing. 
The facility enables the production of single-piece axle 
beams, replacing conventional welded structures.
Key Benefits
	
●
Lower material consumption and improved 
manufacturing efficiency
	
●
Enhanced product durability and performance
	
●
Reduced overall weight, contributing to improved 
operational economics
	
●
Better tyre life and lower maintenance requirements for 
fleet operators
Kross is developing a seamless tube manufacturing facility in 
Jharkhand to strengthen self-reliance in critical raw materials 
and support future growth initiatives. The facility is expected 
to cater to captive requirements while also addressing 
opportunities in adjacent industries.
Key Highlights
	
●
Proposed capacity of 1,20,000 tonnes
	
●
Supports trailer axle and tipping jack production 
requirements and auto component
	
●
Potential to serve sectors such as oil and gas
	
●
Commercial operations targeted during FY 2026-27
Expansion Initiatives
Axle Beam Extrusion Facility
Seamless Tube Manufacturing Project 
(Under Development)
Capacity Utilization and Expansion
The Company continues to invest in technology and manufacturing infrastructure to support future growth and increasing 
customer requirements.
Capacity Utilization
	
●
Installation of high-tonnage forging presses to enhance 
manufacturing capability and product range
	
●
Development of a robotic forging facility for axle shaft 
production, aimed at improving productivity, consistency 
and process efficiency
	
●
Expansion of casting infrastructure through a new high-
pressure moulding line to support growing demand from 
the trailer axle segment
	
●
Strengthening of machining capabilities through 
advanced equipment and process upgrades
Forging
65%
Machining
72%
Casting
75%
20
21
a
a
a

[page 14]
Financial Snapshot 
FY 2025-26 was the strongest year in the Company’s history. 
Revenue and profitability rose in step, a sign that Kross is growing not 
only in scale but in the quality of its earnings, carried by a diversified 
portfolio, steady customer demand and the discipline that has come 
to define how it operates.
A Record Year 
Built on Discipline 
FY 2023-24
FY 2024-25
FY 2025-26
80.75
81.25
87.90
EBITDA 
(INR Cr.)
Revenue from Operations 
(INR Cr.)
620.25
620.41
673.20
FY 2023-24
FY 2024-25
FY 2025-26
EBITDA Margin 
(%)
FY 2023-24
FY 2024-25
FY 2025-26
13.00
13.10
13.06
PAT 
(INR Cr.)
FY 2023-24
FY 2024-25
FY 2025-26
44.88
48.03
55.20
EPS 
(INR)
FY 2023-24
FY 2024-25
FY 2025-26
8.30
8.04
8.56
PAT Margin 
(%)
FY 2023-24
FY 2024-25
FY 2025-26
7.22
7.68
8.20
Net Worth 
(INR Cr.)
FY 2023-24
FY 2024-25
FY 2025-26
146.80
434.50
489.80
22
23
a
a
a

[page 15]
Strategic Priorities
The platform is built; the priorities 
now are about what it can carry. 
On the strength of integrated 
manufacturing and relationships 
measured in decades, Kross is 
pursuing four clear paths, wider 
capacity, a broader product 
range, newer technology 
and deeper reach into global 
markets, each one a growth 
engine in its own right and each 
drawing on the same foundation.
Widening the Path 
to Future Growth 
Accelerating International 
Expansion
Kross continues to strengthen its global footprint by drawing 
on its engineering strength and broad product range. The 
Company is expanding across Europe and Japan through 
new customers, approved product programs and growing 
business with existing OEMs and Tier-1 suppliers, positioning 
exports to become a far larger share of revenue.
Scaling the Agriculture 
Business
The agriculture segment remains a key growth lever. Backed 
by fresh OEM orders and approved product programs, Kross 
is strengthening its presence across the agricultural OEM 
base through expanded product offerings and customer 
engagements, with the objective of increasing the segment’s 
revenue contribution to 15% over the next two years.
Broadening the Trailer 
Ecosystem
Building on its leadership in trailer axles and suspension 
systems, Kross is expanding its portfolio with new product 
platforms. Following the launch of tipping jacks, the 
Company is raising production from 250-300 units in Q1  
FY 2026-27 to 500 units by Q3 FY 2026-27. In parallel, 
V-Rod and Torsion Rod Assemblies are in field validation, 
with commercial launch expected before Q2 FY 2026-27 
and an initial target of 600 to 800 assemblies per month.
Advancing Manufacturing 
Technologies
Kross continues to invest in next-generation manufacturing 
capabilities to enhance productivity, quality and cost 
competitiveness. The single-piece axle beam extrusion plant 
has been commissioned, with machining, grinding and heat 
treatment facilities now being brought online to support 
commercial production. The Company has also expanded 
its forging capabilities through the installation of 2,000-ton, 
1,600-ton and 1,000-ton presses, while its robotic forging 
facility for axle shafts is expected to become operational by 
September 2026, introducing globally benchmarked forging 
processes.
Strengthening Vertical 
Integration
The Company’s INR 167 Cr. seamless tube manufacturing 
project continues to progress on schedule. Construction 
of the facility has been completed, civil foundations for key 
equipment have been laid, once operational, the facility will 
strengthen captive sourcing for and Auto component while 
opening opportunities in adjacent industrial sectors.
01
02
04
03
05
Delivering the Next Phase of 
Growth
Supported by ongoing capacity expansion, new product 
introductions and a healthy order pipeline, Kross remains 
confident of achieving its growth objectives, reflecting the 
Company’s execution capabilities and long-term growth 
trajectory. 
Deepening Customer 
Partnerships
Kross continues to strengthen relationships with domestic 
and international OEMs through engineering-led product 
development, consistent quality and reliable execution. New 
product validations added capacity and the ability to scale 
efficiently reinforce its position as a preferred long-term 
manufacturing partner.
06
07
01
02
03
07
06
05
04
24
25
a
a
a

[page 16]
Environmental and CSR Initiatives 
For Kross, responsibility is not a program that sits alongside the 
business; it is part of how the business grows. Through its work 
on environmental stewardship, employee well-being and the 
communities around its plants, the Company aims to create value that 
outlasts any single year and reaches well beyond what compliance 
asks of it.
Caring for the 
Environment and Community 
At Kross, CSR is an important part of how the Company serves the communities around 
it. During the year, the Company directed approximately INR 1.14 Cr toward focused CSR 
initiatives. These efforts reflect a belief that lasting value is created beyond the balance 
sheet, in the progress of the communities a business touches.
Environmental Responsibility
Kross is committed to minimizing its environmental impact through responsible manufacturing and efficient resource use. The 
Company continues to pursue practical steps that reduce its footprint and advance environmental stewardship.
Entered into a 3 MW solar power purchase agreement 
(PPA), with installation activities currently underway, 
reinforcing the Company’s focus on renewable energy 
and energy-efficient operations.
Marked World Environment Day with awareness drives 
promoting environmental responsibility and sustainable 
practices. 
Conserved natural resources through responsible 
operations and environmentally conscious 
manufacturing.
Solar Energy Adoption
Environmental Stewardship
Resource Conservation
Employee Health Initiatives: Regular health check-up and eye check-up camps are organized to promote preventive healthcare 
and enhance employee well-being.
Provided a Bolero vehicle to the Voluntary Blood Donors 
Association, Jharkhand, widening access and outreach for 
healthcare services.
Held regular blood donation drives and organized annual 
health and eye check-ups for all employees.
CSR and Community Impact
Kross actively contributes to the well-being of communities through initiatives focused on healthcare, education, social 
development and inclusive growth. These programs are built to create meaningful and lasting value for society.
Healthcare and Wellness Initiatives
Supporting Healthcare Outreach
Promoting Health and Well-being
26
27
a
a
a

[page 17]
Environmental and CSR Initiatives 
Education and Skill Development
Contributed INR 30 Lakhs to the ‘Ujjwal Kadam’ initiative, 
helping expand access to higher education in the Seraikela 
district.
Sponsored NEET and JEE coaching valued at INR 10 Lakhs 
for higher secondary students at KGBV School, Chandil, to 
help them prepare for entrance examinations.
Donated a CNC machine valued at INR 10 Lakhs to Kashi 
Sahu College, Seraikela Kharsawan, to support vocational 
learning and industry-relevant skills.
Implemented the Building as Learning Aid (BALA) program across 10 Anganwadis in Kukroo, creating engaging and interactive 
learning environments for children.
Advancing Educational Opportunities
Competitive Exam Coaching
Strengthening Technical Education
Encouraging Early Learning
Community Welfare and Social Empowerment
Organized ‘The NEEV - 5 KM Run’ on International Girl Child Day to raise awareness and support the inclusion of girls.
Extended financial support toward animal welfare and 
protection, reflecting the Company’s commitment to broader 
community well-being.
Ran road safety campaigns encouraging responsible driving 
and greater public awareness of traffic discipline.
Supporting Girl Child Empowerment
Contributing to Animal Welfare
Promoting Road Safety
28
29
a
a
a

[page 18]
BOD and Management Team 
Behind Kross Limited’s steady progress is a leadership team deep 
in industry experience and clear in its judgment. A seasoned Board 
and management group hold the Company to strong governance, 
operational discipline and a long view of value, the same principles 
that have carried it from a single precision-engineering unit to an 
integrated systems manufacturer.
Experience Guiding 
Every Decision
Board of Directors
Chairman and Managing Director
The founder of Kross Limited, 
who started the Company in 
the year 1991 designated as the 
Chairman and Managing Director 
of our Company. He leads the 
Company across all facets, 
from operational excellence to 
corporate governance. Guided by 
his vision and strategic direction, 
the Company has evolved and 
achieved its present stature. He 
holds a Bachelor’s degree in 
Science from the University of 
Delhi and a Diploma in Business 
Administration from the Xavier 
Institute of Management.
Whole-Time Director
With the Company since its 
earliest days, Ms. Anita Rai 
heads store management and 
procurement. She holds a 
Bachelor’s degree in Education 
from the University of Delhi 
and a Postgraduate Certificate 
in Logistics and Supply Chain 
Management from XLRI, 
Xavier School of Management, 
Jamshedpur.
Whole-Time Director (Finance)  
and CFO
Mr. Kunal Rai manages the 
Company’s financial and 
commercial functions, backed 
by enriching experience in the 
automotive sector. He holds a 
Bachelor’s degree in Science 
from Aston University.
Mr. Sudhir Rai
Mr. Sumeet Rai
Ms. Anita Rai
Mr. Kunal Rai
Senior Management
Independent Director
Mr. Sanjiv Paul has held senior 
leadership positions, including 
Vice President at Tata Steel 
and Managing Director at Tata 
Metaliks. He holds a Bachelor’s 
degree in Science from the 
Regional Institute of Technology, 
Ranchi University, and completed 
the General Management 
Program at the European Centre 
for Continuing Education.
Independent Director
Mr. Mukesh Agarwal previously 
served as Vice President at 
ISMT Limited, and brings deep 
expertise in factory operations, 
quality frameworks and project 
deployment. He holds a Diploma 
in Mechanical Engineering 
from Seth Ganga Sagar Jatiya 
Polytechnic.
Independent Director
Appointed w.e.f. July 24, 2026 as Additional Director 
(Category - Independent, Non- Executive Director) subject to 
approval of the members in the ensuing AGM.
Key Managerial Personnel
Ms. Debolina Karmakar  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Mr. K. Suresh Babu 
Director (Manufacturing)
Mr. Sandeep Kumar 
General Manager (Sales)
Mr. Rama Kant Giri 
General Manager (HR) and Admin
Mr. Dhirendra Jena 
Head (Accounts and Finance) ceased from the Company 
w.e.f. July 31, 2026 on account of his resignation
Mr. Ranjan Kumar Sarkar 
General Manager (Forging)
Mr. Pawan Mehar 
General Manager (Quality)
Independent Director
Ms. Deepa Verma previously 
served as Chief Human Resource 
Business Partner at Tata Steel. 
She holds a Bachelor’s degree 
in Commerce from the University 
of Poona and a Postgraduate 
degree in Personnel Management 
and Industrial Relations from XLRI, 
Xavier School of Management, 
Jamshedpur.
Independent Director
Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja has 
served as Plant Finance Head 
at Tata Motors Limited, at its 
Jamshedpur and Pune locations, 
and as Chief Financial Officer at 
TML Drivelines Limited, a Tata 
Group subsidiary. As a qualified 
Chartered Accountant, he brings 
deep expertise in corporate 
finance.
Mr. Sanjiv Paul
Mr. Mukesh Agarwal
Mr. Sharat Chandra Kumar
Ms. Deepa Verma
Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja
Whole-Time Director
Mr. Sumeet Rai oversees 
manufacturing operations and 
brings vast experience in the 
automotive industry. He holds a 
Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical 
Engineering from the University  
of Michigan.
30
31
a
a
a

[page 19]
Awards and Recognition
The recognition Kross has earned comes from the people best placed 
to judge it, its own customers. Awarded by leading OEMs across the 
automotive and farm equipment sectors, these honors speak to a 
record of consistent quality and reliability, and to partnerships the 
Company has held and deepened over many years.
Recognition Earned 
through Excellence 
2013
Best Supplier Award 
for Consistent Delivery 
Performance - TAFE
Received for dependable 
deliveries and a disciplined 
approach to supply chain 
execution.
2026
Supplier Excellence 
Award from VST 
Coreb B 
Recognized for 
outstanding supplier 
performance, quality and 
delivery excellence.
2014
Best Supplier 
Award for Overall 
Performance - TAFE
Presented for consistently 
meeting customer 
expectations through 
quality, timely deliveries 
and operational efficiency.
2026
Low-cost Automation 
Eastern Region - 
Runner Up 
Awarded runner-
up recognition for 
implementing innovative 
low-cost automation 
initiatives that enhanced 
operational efficiency.
2015
Supplier of the 
Year - York, a Tata 
Enterprise
Conferred for sustained 
operational performance, 
dependable execution and 
reliable supply.
2021
Best Supplier 
Award for Overall 
Performance - TAFE
Acknowledged for 
high standards across 
product quality, delivery 
performance and customer 
service.
2023
Silver Award for 
Best Performance in 
Business Alignment - 
Ashok Leyland
Honored for close 
alignment with customer 
requirements and a 
focused contribution to 
shared business objectives.
2024
Super 8 Supplier 
Recognition - Ashok 
Leyland
Recognized sustained 
operational performance 
and a strong commitment 
to quality, reliability and 
customer satisfaction.
Corporate Information
Board of Directors
Registered and Corporate Office
Registrar and Transfer Agents
Bankers
Key Managerial Personnel
Manufacturing Facilities
Statutory Auditors
Internal Auditor
Cost Auditor
Secretarial Auditor
Mr. Sudhir Rai
Ms. Anita Rai
Mr. Sumeet Rai
Mr. Kunal Rai
Mr. Sanjiv Paul
Mr. Mukesh Agarwal
Ms. Deepa Verma
Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja
Mr. Sharat Chandra Kumar
M-4, Phase VI, Gamharia, Adityapur Industrial Area, 
Jamshedpur - 832 108, Jharkhand, India 
Contact Person: Debolina Karmakar, Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer 
Telephone: +91 72 8002 6478 
Email: investors@krossindia.com 
Website: www.krosslimited.com
KFin Technologies Limited 
Address: Selenium Tower B, Plot No. 31-32, Gachibowli, 
Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, 
Hyderabad - 500 032, Telangana, India 
Telephone: +91 40 6716 2222 
Investor Grievance Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com 
Contact Person: M. Murali Krishna 
Website: www.kfintech.com
HDFC Bank Limited
Axis Bank Limited
DBS Bank India Limited
Mr. Kunal Rai
Ms. Debolina Karmakar
Unit - I
Unit - II
Unit - IV
Unit - V
Unit - VI
Unit - III
S. K. Naredi & Co LLP
GWC Professional Services Private Limited
M/s. Aditya Bhojgaria & Co.
Mr. Sital Prasad Swain
Chairman and Managing Director
Whole-Time Director
Whole-Time Director
Whole-Time Director (Finance) and CFO
Independent Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Additional Director - Independent
Chief Financial Officer
Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer
M-4, Phase-VI, Adityapur Industrial Area, 
Jamshedpur, Seraikela Kharsawan, Jharkhand
C-78, Phase-III, Adityapur Industrial Area, 
Jamshedpur, Seraikela Kharsawan, Jharkhand
M-2 (P), Phase-IV, Adityapur Industrial Area, 
Jamshedpur, Seraikela Kharsawan, Jharkhand
NS-06, M-2 (P), Plot No. 314 and 315, Phase-V, 
Adityapur Industrial Area, Jamshedpur, 
Seraikela Kharsawan, Jharkhand
E-29, E-30, E-31 (P), and E-32, EMC Plot, 
Near Phase-VII, Village - Hatiyadih, Seraikela 
Kharsawan (under construction)
B-30, 31, 32, 33, and 34, Phase-III, Adityapur 
Industrial Area, Jamshedpur, Seraikela 
Kharsawan, Jharkhand
Chartered Accountants
32
33
a
a
a

[page 20]
Management 
Discussion 
and Analysis
Indian Economy Review
India held its place among the world’s fastest-growing major 
economies during FY 2025-26, staying resilient through a 
year of global geopolitical and economic strain. Growth was 
broad-based, carried by firm domestic demand, sustained 
capital investment and a policy agenda anchored in 
infrastructure and manufacturing. During the year, the Ministry 
of Statistics and Programme Implementation (MoSPI) rebased 
the National Accounts Series to FY 2022-23, sharpening the 
accuracy of the country’s economic measurement.
According to MoSPI’s Provisional Estimates, Real GDP grew 
by 7.7% during FY 2025-26, while Nominal GDP expanded 
by 8.9% to INR 346.36 Lakhs Cr. Real Gross Value Added 
(GVA) held pace at 7.7%, a sign that the year’s growth was 
real and broadly spread. 
Annual GDP Estimates (in INR Lakh Cr.) 
and Growth Rates (%) at Constant Prices
(Source: Provisional Estimates of Annual Gross Domestic Product for 2025-26, 
MoSPI)
7.7%
2025-26 PE
7.1%
2024-25 FRE
7.2%
2023-24
Manufacturing emerged as the principal engine of the year, 
expanding 10.9% on higher industrial output, capacity 
additions and resilient domestic demand. Construction 
followed close behind at 9.9%, driven by sustained 
investment in transportation infrastructure, industrial 
corridors, urban development and housing. Between them, 
these two sectors are rebuilding the country’s industrial 
base and widening the ground on which its engineering and 
manufacturing firms operate.
India’s growth rested on strong investment activity. Gross 
Fixed Capital Formation (GFCF) reached INR 114.20 Lakhs Cr.,  
or 33.0% of GDP, a mark of lasting confidence in the 
country’s long-term prospects. At the same time, Private 
Final Consumption Expenditure (PFCE) held 55.5% of 
GDP, keeping domestic demand at the heart of economic 
expansion.
Outlook
India’s medium-term outlook remains favorable, supported 
by sustained public capital expenditure, rising private 
investments and continued manufacturing expansion. 
Ongoing investments in transportation infrastructure, 
logistics, industrial corridors and capacity creation are 
expected to enhance supply chain efficiency, strengthen 
industrial competitiveness and support long-term growth 
across the automotive, commercial vehicle, off-highway 
equipment and broader engineering value chain.
(Source: Provisional Estimates of Annual Gross Domestic Product for 2025-26, 
MoSPI)
Industry Overview
Outlook
The M&HCV industry is expected to grow at a moderate 3% in FY 2026-27 due to a high base and the normalization of 
replacement demand. However, continued investment in infrastructure, logistics, mining and manufacturing, supported by 
initiatives including PM GatiShakti, the National Logistics Policy and sustained public capital expenditure, is expected to support 
freight demand, fleet modernization and long-term industry growth.
(Source: The Times of India - M&HCV Trucks Surpass Pre-Covid Levels, ET Auto - M&HCV growth to slow to 3% in FY 2026-27 amid high base, demand normalization, 
SIAM - Auto Industry Performance of Q4 (Jan- March 2026) & FY 2025-26)
Medium and Heavy Commercial Vehicle (M&HCV) Market
The Indian Medium & Heavy Commercial Vehicle (M&HCV) 
industry carried its momentum forward during FY 2025-26, 
supported by robust infrastructure spending, improving 
industrial activity, healthy freight movement and strong 
replacement demand. Continued government investment in 
roads, highways, railways, mining and logistics infrastructure, 
along with favorable financing conditions and improving fleet 
utilization, strengthened demand for heavy-duty trucks and 
haulage vehicles.
The industry crossed a milestone this year, its wholesale 
volumes climbing past the pre-pandemic peak of 3.91 Lakhs 
units in FY 2018-19. Truck sales led the way, up 16%, while the 
bus segment continued its recovery. The wider commercial 
vehicle industry posted its highest-ever domestic sales, 
growing 12.6%, and exports rose 17.4% on healthy overseas 
demand. The GST 2.0 reforms reduced the GST on several 
automotive components and spare parts from 28% to a 
uniform 18%, further simplified the tax structure, improved 
supply chain efficiency and supported the organized 
automotive ecosystem.  Fleet operators stepped up their 
adoption of connected technologies, telematics and higher-
tonnage vehicles to lift productivity and cut operating costs.
Growth Drivers
The Government’s infrastructure push remained a key 
demand driver, with capital expenditure rising to  
INR 12.2 Lakhs Cr. in the Union Budget 2026-27. Strong 
construction, mining and industrial activity, underpinned by 
double-digit manufacturing GVA growth and 8.1% increase in 
capital goods output, kept up demand for heavy commercial 
vehicles.
Infrastructure and Industrial Expansion
Healthy replacement demand, supported by the Vehicle 
Scrappage Policy, stricter emission norms and wider 
adoption of connected and fuel-efficient vehicles, 
encouraged fleet operators to upgrade aging commercial 
vehicles.
Fleet Replacement and Modernization
Higher freight movement, supported by the National 
Logistics Policy and multimodal infrastructure development, 
strengthened fleet utilization. India’s freight volumes are 
projected to rise from around 5,000 Mn tonnes (MT) to 
8,000 MT by FY 2031-32, a trajectory that will drive demand 
for higher-capacity and multi-axle trucks.
Freight and Logistics Growth
Better credit availability through banks and NBFCs, 
coupled with favorable financing conditions and improving 
transporter sentiment, supported fleet expansion and 
replacement investments during the year.
Improved Financing Environment
4.23 Lakhs units
Total M&HCV Wholesale Volumes
3.56 Lakhs units
M&HCV Truck Sales
16%
Growth in M&HCV Truck Sales
Indian Economy Overview
34
35
a
a
a

[page 21]
Indian Agriculture Tractor Market
The Indian agricultural tractor industry recorded a strong 
performance during FY 2025-26, supported by healthy 
agricultural activity, improving rural demand and a more 
favorable policy environment. The reduction in GST on auto 
components to 5% has further improved affordability across 
the agricultural equipment value chain, supporting demand 
and strengthening the outlook for the sector. Industry 
wholesale volumes reached one of their highest annual 
levels on record, rising 22.8% during the first eleven months 
of FY 2025-26, while February 2026 volumes grew 32.0% 
year-on-year, reflecting strengthening momentum across key 
agricultural markets.
This momentum is being accompanied by a broadening 
of tractor applications beyond traditional farm operations. 
Alongside core agricultural applications, tractors saw wider 
usage in haulage, rural transportation and allied activities, 
while manufacturers sharpened their focus on fuel-efficient, 
higher-horsepower and technology-enabled products to 
improve farm productivity and operational efficiency.
Growth Drivers
Outlook
The industry is expected to grow at a moderate 
1-4% in FY 2026-27, reflecting the high base 
set in FY 2025-26. Over the medium to long 
term, increasing mechanization, improving 
rural incomes, expansion of custom hiring 
centers, precision agriculture and continued 
Government support should sustain industry 
growth. However, the southwest monsoon and 
the potential impact of El Niño conditions will 
remain key variables for agricultural output and 
tractor demand.
(Source: Indian Tractor Industry, ICRA; TMA - Consolidated 
Monthly Tractor Reports (Official); Ministry of Agriculture & 
Farmers Welfare)
Above-normal rainfall, healthy reservoir levels and an 
estimated 3% year-on-year rise in foodgrain production 
strengthened farm incomes and supported higher 
investment in agricultural machinery.
Healthy Agricultural Environment
Rising labor shortages, increasing wage costs and the 
need to raise farm productivity continued to accelerate 
mechanization across Indian agriculture, supporting both 
replacement and first-time tractor demand.
Structural Shift toward Mechanization
Government initiatives promoting farm mechanization, higher 
Minimum Support Prices (MSPs), subsidy programs and the 
reduction in GST on tractor parts and components from 18% 
to 5% improved affordability, strengthened the agricultural 
equipment value chain and encouraged equipment 
purchases.
Policy Support and Improved Affordability
Better credit availability through banks and NBFCs, 
coupled with favorable financing conditions and improving 
transporter sentiment, supported fleet expansion and 
replacement investments during the year.
Improved Rural Financing and Product 
Innovation
11.3-11.5 Lakhs units
Estimated Industry Wholesale Volumes
Indian Trailer Industry
The Indian trailer industry grew steadily through  
FY 2025-26, carried by the same forces reshaping road 
freight: heavier infrastructure spending, busier freight lanes, 
and firmer demand from logistics, construction, mining and 
industry. Continued investments in highways and multimodal 
logistics infrastructure strengthened long-haul transportation. 
The rapid growth of e-commerce and organized retail 
accelerated demand for specialized trailers, including 
refrigerated units for cold-chain logistics. Operators, for their 
part, moved toward lighter, more fuel-efficient trailers fitted 
with telematics and modern safety systems, chasing better 
payload economics, lower running costs and compliance 
with tightening rules. Underneath these shifts sits a market 
on a clear upward path: the Indian semi-trailer market, 
valued at US$ 3.12 Bn in CY 2024, is projected to reach  
US$ 5.06 Bn by CY 2035, at a CAGR of 4.5%.
Outlook
The Indian trailer industry is expected to hold 
steady growth over the medium term. Beyond 
the base demand carried by infrastructure and 
organized logistics, it is the shift toward smart 
trailers, digital fleet management and purpose-
built units for cold-chain and high-value cargo, 
together with the government's focus on freight 
efficiency, that will shape demand over the long 
term.
(Sources: Market Research Future (MRFR) - India Semi Trailer 
Market Research Report 2025 - 2035 (April 2026);  
The Business Research Company - Automotive Trailer Market 
Report 2026 (Global))
Growth Drivers
Spending under the National Infrastructure Pipeline, PM 
GatiShakti and the highway programs put more goods on 
the road across construction, mining and industry, and with 
them, demand for higher-capacity trailers.
Infrastructure-led Freight Demand
Operators reached for lightweight builds, telematics, 
advanced braking and higher-payload designs, each choice 
aimed at squeezing more productivity, fuel efficiency and 
safety from the fleet.
Fleet Modernization and Technology 
Adoption
As e-commerce deepened, organized logistics matured and 
cold-chain infrastructure expanded, demand broadened 
across dry vans, refrigerated trailers, tankers and other 
specialized configurations.
Expansion of Logistics and Cold Chain
Tightening safety standards and a sharper focus on fuel 
efficiency pushed manufacturers toward more advanced, 
more sustainable trailer designs. 
Regulatory and Sustainability Focus
36
37
a
a
a

[page 22]
Company Overview 
Kross Limited is a leading Indian manufacturer of safety-critical components for the medium and heavy commercial vehicle 
(M&HCV) and farm equipment sectors. Over the years, the Company has evolved from a maker of precision-machined 
components into a systems manufacturer and today ranks among the leading domestic producers of trailer axles and 
suspension assemblies. 
Headquartered in Jamshedpur, Jharkhand, the Company runs five fully integrated manufacturing facilities and supplies major 
OEMs, Tier I suppliers, dealers and fabricators across the country.
The Company offers a diversified portfolio spanning trailer axle and suspension assemblies, axle shafts, companion flanges, 
anti-roll bars, suspension linkages, differential spiders, bevel gears, inter-axle kits and tractor components, including hydraulic 
lift arrangements, PTO shafts and front axle spindles. These products are integral to the safety, durability and performance of 
commercial vehicles and agricultural machinery.
Kross manufactures to global standards, certified to IATF 16949:2016, ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018. Backed by strong 
manufacturing capabilities, a dedicated R&D function and a diversified customer base, the Company continues to strengthen its 
position as a preferred supplier of safety-critical components in the automotive industry.
Building an Integrated Manufacturing Ecosystem
Kross continued to strengthen its integrated manufacturing base through investments across the value chain. During the 
year, the Company expanded capacity, adopted advanced manufacturing technologies and pushed deeper into backward 
integration to improve supply-chain resilience, sharpen cost competitiveness and support future growth.
Axle Beam Extrusion Plant
The Company commissioned India’s first single-piece axle 
beam extrusion plant, raising trailer axle manufacturing 
capacity by 50%, from 5,000 to 7,500 units per month. 
The investment enables the production of lighter, stronger 
single-piece axle beams, doing away with welding and 
improving structural integrity, material efficiency and tire life. 
As utilization rises, the project is expected to support margin 
expansion and strengthen export competitiveness.
Seamless Tube  
Manufacturing Facility
Kross is developing a seamless tube manufacturing facility 
in Jharkhand with a capacity of 1,20,000 tonnes. The 
project marks a significant step in the Company’s backward 
integration strategy, meeting captive requirements for 
trailer axles, tipping jacks and related components. Surplus 
production is expected to serve high-growth sectors such as 
oil and gas, opening an additional revenue stream.
Key Highlights
30+ Years
Legacy and Systems Manufacturing Capabilities
5
Manufacturing Facilities
3.60%
Export Contribution
42.61%
Revenue Contribution from Trailer Axles and Suspension
From 5,000 to 7,500 units/month
Capacity Expansion
Diversifying Growth 
Platforms
Alongside strengthening its manufacturing ecosystem, Kross 
continued to diversify its product portfolio and end-market 
presence, creating new growth avenues beyond its core 
business.
Tipping Jacks
The Company entered the precision hydraulic tipping jack 
segment during FY 2025-26, widening its presence across 
the trailer ecosystem. The manufacturing facility has been 
commissioned, and products are undergoing customer 
validation. Built on the Company’s established relationships 
with trailer fabricators and OEMs, the line is expected 
to open an additional revenue stream and round out its 
integrated trailer portfolio.
Agricultural Equipment
Kross also expanded its presence in the agricultural 
equipment segment through new customer additions and 
product development. The Company continues to broaden 
its engagement with OEMs and expects the agriculture 
business to contribute, creating a more balanced  
revenue mix.
Forging and Casting  
Capability Enhancement
The Company further strengthened its manufacturing 
platform through the commissioning of high-tonnage forging 
presses, the transition to robotic press forging for axle shafts 
and the installation of a high-pressure molding line. These 
investments are expected to improve productivity, product 
quality and manufacturing efficiency and to add capacity for 
future growth.
	
●
India’s first single-piece axle beam extrusion plant 
	
●
INR 25 Cr. investment in extrusion technology 
	
●
Trailer axle capacity expanded to 7,500 units/month 
	
●
INR 167 Cr. seamless tube manufacturing project 
	
●
Proposed seamless tube capacity of 1,20,000 tonnes
Manufacturing Highlights
	
●
The facility has a capacity to produce 800 tipping 
jack kits per month
	
●
Agriculture targeted to contribute 15% of revenue 
over the next two years
Business Highlights
38
a
a
a
39

[page 23]
Expanding Global Footprint
The Company continued to strengthen its international presence by securing a leading from European Tier-I supplier as a 
customer. These wins reinforce the Company’s growing acceptance in global automotive supply chains and are expected to lift 
export growth from FY 2026-27.
Creating Long-term Value
Kross continues to execute a disciplined growth strategy anchored in technology, manufacturing strength and product 
diversification. During FY 2025-26, the Company fully deployed its IPO proceeds toward growth initiatives while maintaining a 
prudent approach to capital allocation and balance sheet management.
The investments made this year, in advanced manufacturing, backward integration, capacity and new product platforms, are 
expected to strengthen competitiveness, improve efficiency and lift profitability over time. With a diversified customer base, 
integrated manufacturing and a widening global footprint, the Company is well placed to grow across the commercial vehicle 
and farm equipment sectors.
Revenue Mix
Segment-wise Performance 
1.38% 
Others
42.97% 
Commercial Vehicle 
Components
3.60% 
Exports
9.48% 
Tractor 
Components
42.61% 
Trailer Axles 
and Suspension 
Assemblies
Discussion on Financial 
Performance and Operational 
Performance
Kross delivered a resilient performance in FY 2025-26, supported by capacity expansion, product diversification and continued 
focus on operational efficiency. Revenue from operations stood at INR 6,732 Mn, up 8.5% over the previous year, driven by a 
recovery in the commercial vehicle segment and healthy double-digit growth in the tractor and agriculture business.
Despite geopolitical disruptions, rising commodity prices and temporary LPG shortages during the latter part of the year, the 
Company maintained stable profitability through disciplined cost management and backward integration. EBITDA stood at  
INR 879 Mn, with an EBITDA margin of 13.1%, while Profit After Tax (PAT) reached INR 552 Mn, a margin of 8.2%. Gross profit 
stood at INR 3,077 Mn, resulting in a gross margin of 45.7%.
Commercial 
Vehicle 
Components
Commercial Vehicle 
Components remained the 
Company's largest revenue 
contributor, accounting for 
42.97% of total revenue. 
The business continued to 
benefit from long-standing 
relationships with leading 
OEMs and a diversified 
portfolio of high-precision 
forged and machined 
components, a base that 
continues to support steady 
growth.
Tractor 
Components
The Tractor Components 
business contributed 9.48% 
of FY 2025-26 revenue. 
The Company continued to 
expand its customer base 
and advance approvals 
with leading agricultural 
equipment manufacturers, 
building a pipeline for future 
growth.
Trailer 
Axles and 
Suspension 
Assemblies
The Trailer Axles and 
Suspension business 
contributed 42.6% of total 
revenue during  
FY 2025-26, making it 
one of the Company's 
key growth engines. 
Healthy demand across 
trailer applications, strong 
customer relationships and 
wider adoption of value-
added products supported 
segment performance 
during the year.
Export 
Business
Exports contributed 3.6% 
of total revenue during 
FY 2025-26, reflecting 
Kross' growing presence 
in international markets. 
The Company continues to 
expand its global customer 
base and strengthen its 
export pipeline through 
technologically advanced 
products and integrated 
manufacturing capabilities.
40
41
a
a
a

[page 24]
SWOT Analysis
Strengths
Weaknesses
Opportunities
Threats
	
●
Strong backward 
integration across design, 
process engineering, 
forging, casting and 
machining, enabling 
one-stop solutions and 
operational flexibility
	
●
Established position in 
the organized trailer axle 
and suspension assembly 
market
	
●
Long-standing 
relationships with leading 
OEMs, including Tata 
Motors, Ashok Leyland 
and TAFE
	
●
Technological leadership 
supported by India’s first 
axle beam extrusion plant 
	
●
Diversified portfolio 
catering to M&HCV, 
tractor, trailer applications 
with presence across 
export markets and 
aftermarket services
	
●
Customers have 
indicated double-digit 
growth in demand during 
H2 FY 2026-27, with 
the Company expecting 
stronger performance 
in both H1 and H2 
compared with  
FY 2025-26
	
●
Limited export 
contribution, raising 
dependence on the 
domestic market
	
●
Exposure to cyclical 
trends in the commercial 
vehicle and agricultural 
equipment sectors
	
●
Extended receivable 
cycles that can pressure 
operating cash flows in 
weak demand periods
	
●
Expanding global OEM 
relationships, offering 
scope to lift exports
	
●
Backward integration, 
including the seamless 
tube project, improving 
cost efficiency and 
reducing supplier 
dependence 
	
●
Expansion into adjacent 
products such as tipping 
jacks and TAG axles, 
strengthening presence 
across the trailer 
ecosystem
	
●
Rising contribution from 
the tractor and agriculture 
segment, supporting 
revenue diversification
	
●
Surplus capacity from 
future projects, able to 
address new end-user 
industries and expand 
the addressable market
	
●
BS-IV restrictions in the 
NCR region and the 
vehicle scrappage policy 
are expected to drive 
replacement demand for 
commercial vehicles
	
●
GST rationalization is 
expected to improve 
affordability and support 
demand across the 
automotive aftermarket 
and tractor segments  
	
●
Geopolitical and energy 
supply disruptions, 
affecting the availability 
and cost of key 
consumables
	
●
Intense competition, 
pressuring market share 
and realizations 
	
●
Economic slowdowns 
and regulatory changes, 
weighing on customer 
spending and delaying 
purchase decisions
	
●
The shrinking auto 
components industry and 
increasing competition 
may pose challenges to 
future growth and market 
position
Financial Overview
Kross Limited continued its growth through disciplined capital deployment and sustained operational execution, delivering its 
strongest financial performance in FY 2025-26. Following a flat revenue trend in FY 2024-25, the Company recorded 8.5% 
year-on-year growth in FY 2025-26, supported by a healthy recovery in the commercial vehicle and tractor businesses during 
the second half of the year.
6,732
FY 2025-26
6,204
FY 2024-25
Revenue (INR Mn)
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
552
480.20
Profit After Tax (INR Mn)
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
8.20
7.68
PAT Margin (%)
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
13.06
13.10
EBITDA Margin (%)
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
879.00
812.50
EBITDA (INR Mn)
Key Financial Ratios 
Ratio
As of March 31, 
2026
As of March 31, 
2025
Variance (%)
Explanation in Case of Variance  
is More than 25%
Debtors Turnover Ratio
3.55
4.25
16.47%
---
Inventory Turnover Ratio
14.16
12.67
11.76%
---
Interest Coverage Ratio
10.30
6.48
58.95%
Interest cost declined significantly 
in FY 2025-26 following debt 
repayment from IPO proceeds.
Current Ratio
3.46
3.21
7.78%
---
Debt-to-Equity Ratio
0.12
0.12
-
---
Operating Profit Margin (%)
12.35
11.99
3.00%
---
Net Profit Margin (%)
8.15
7.68
6.11%
---
Return on Net Worth (%)
11.27
11.05
1.99%
---
42
43
a
a
a

[page 25]
Risks and their Mitigation 
Strategies
Risk Type
Risk Description
Mitigation Strategy
Corporate Social Responsibility 
Initiatives
In FY 2025-26, Kross continued to strengthen its 
commitment to responsible corporate citizenship through 
initiatives spanning healthcare, education, community 
welfare and environmental sustainability.
Strengthening Community 
Healthcare
The Company continued to support community healthcare 
through regular free eye check-up and health check-up 
camps, providing accessible preventive healthcare services 
to local communities. These initiatives reflect the Company’s 
continued focus on promoting health awareness and 
supporting the well-being of the communities around its 
operations.
Advancing Education and Skill 
Development
Kross extended financial assistance of INR 50 Lakhs to 
Ujjwal Kadam to promote higher education in the Seraikela 
region. The Company also sponsored NEET and JEE 
coaching programs worth INR 10 Lakhs for students at KGBV 
School, Chandil, and donated a CNC machine to Kashi Sahu 
College to support technical skill development.  
It also carried out Building as Learning Aid (BALA) painting 
across 10 Anganwadi centers in Kukroo, Seraikela 
Kharsawan, Jharkhand to create engaging learning 
environments for children.
Community Engagement and 
Social Welfare
The Company undertook road safety awareness campaigns 
and organized ‘The NEEV - 5-KM Run’ on International 
Girl Child Day to promote girl child empowerment. It 
also contributed to animal welfare as part of its broader 
community development efforts.
Environmental Sustainability 
and ESG Commitment
Kross signed a 3 MW Solar Power Purchase Agreement the 
installations are underway.
The Company also donated money to Tarumitra Centre, 
Loyola School for running environmental awareness 
program. The Company continued to strengthen its ESG 
framework through initiatives covering resource efficiency, 
emission reduction and environmental stewardship.
Demand is influenced by the cyclical 
nature of the commercial vehicle and 
tractor industries. Slower industry growth, 
delayed policy implementation and 
lower replacement demand may affect 
performance.
The Company mitigates this risk 
through diversification across segments, 
expansion into international markets and 
a growing focus on the tractor business 
to broaden its revenue base.
Market and 
Cyclical Risk
Volatility in steel and other consumable 
prices, along with energy supply 
disruptions, may impact profitability and 
margins.
The Company mitigates this risk 
through customer compensation 
mechanisms, including price pass-
through arrangements, along with 
energy diversification initiatives and cost 
optimization measures.
Raw Material and 
Consumable Price 
Risk
Extended receivable cycles and initial 
costs related to new projects may 
pressure cash flows and margins.
The Company focuses on in-house 
manufacturing, prudent capital allocation 
and continuous cost optimization 
to maintain financial flexibility and 
operational efficiency.
Financial and 
Operational Risk
Changing technologies and regulatory 
requirements may influence demand 
across certain vehicle categories.
The Company responds through 
continued technology investment, 
adherence to global quality standards 
and close customer collaboration to 
address evolving requirements.
Regulatory and 
Technological Risk
44
a
a
a
45

[page 26]
Human Resources 
Management
Kross Limited places strong emphasis on 
its people as a key driver of operational 
excellence and long-term competitiveness. 
The Company’s human resource strategy 
is built around a capable, motivated, and 
culturally aligned workforce that can 
support its business objectives and growth 
ambitions.
Employee capability building remains a 
core priority, supported through structured 
training programs, skill development, 
and continuous performance reviews. 
The Company also follows a structured 
rewards and recognition framework that 
acknowledges employee contributions 
based on performance and impact, building 
a culture of meritocracy and motivation 
across all levels.
The onboarding and induction framework 
is designed to ensure smooth integration of 
new employees into the Company’s culture, 
with regular interaction between new hires 
and senior leadership supporting alignment 
and open feedback. Employee well-being is 
further supported through comprehensive 
medical insurance coverage and wellness 
programs, reinforcing the Company’s 
commitment to a safe and healthy 
workplace. The Company also promotes 
women’s empowerment and gender 
equality while ensuring compliance with the 
Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH) 
Act, 2013, through appropriate awareness 
and redressal mechanisms.
As of March 31, 2026, Kross employed 2,441 
individuals, comprising 566 permanent 
employees and 1,875 contractual workers, 
reflecting a balanced workforce structure 
aligned with operational requirements and 
project-driven scalability.
Internal Control Systems and 
their Adequacy
Cautionary Statement
Kross’s structured internal control system ensures the integrity of financial reporting and promotes operational efficiency. Since 
deploying a company-wide ERP system in 2012, real-time coordination has improved across procurement, manufacturing, 
and supply chain functions; the system is currently being upgraded. The Company’s commitment to quality is backed by ISO 
9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015, ISO 45001:2018 and IATF 16949:2016 certifications. Internal controls are monitored by the Audit 
Committee, and the Risk Management Committee actively manages exposure to key risks. The past three years have passed 
without any material non-compliance. In response to continued business growth and rising cyber threats, the Company 
continues to strengthen its internal controls.
This section contains the Company’s objectives, estimates, expectations, and projections, which may include 'forward-looking 
statements' as defined under applicable securities laws and regulations. These statements are based on certain assumptions 
and anticipated future events. However, the Company cannot guarantee that these assumptions and expectations will prove 
accurate. Actual outcomes may differ materially due to factors beyond the Company’s control. The Company undertakes no 
obligation to revise or update these 'forward-looking statements' in light of future developments, information, or events.
Annual Day Celebration
Cricket Tournament
Employee Rewarding Ceremony
Prevention of Sexual Harassment 
(POSH)
Women’s Empowerment
Cleanliness Drive
Session on Bhagavad Gita 
46
47
a
a
a

[page 27]
48
BOARD’S REPORT
Dear Members,
Your directors are pleased to present the 35th Annual Report on the business and operations of your Company along with Standalone 
Audited Financial Statements and the Auditors’ Report thereon for the financial year ended March 31, 2026.
STATE OF COMPANY’S AFFAIRS
1) 
FINANCIAL SUMMARY & PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
 
 The Audited Financial Statements for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026, forming part of this Annual Report, have been 
prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standard (hereinafter referred to as “Ind AS”) prescribed under Section 133 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and other recognized accounting practices and policies to the extent applicable. Necessary disclosures 
with regard to Ind-AS reporting have been made under the Notes to Financial Statements. The Company’s performance during the 
financial year under review as compared to the previous financial year is summarized below: 
(INR in Mn)
Particulars:
Standalone
   Year Ended 
March 31, 2026
Year Ended 
March 31, 2025
Revenue from Operations
6732.01
6204.10
Other Income
42.48
52.71
Total Income
6774.49
6256.82
Profit before Finance Cost, Depreciation, and Tax
921.95
865.21
Finance Cost
80.70
122.86
Depreciation
90.83
68.46
Share of Profit/(Loss) of Subsidiary
0
0
Profit Before Tax (PBT)
750.42
673.89
Current Tax
176.28
178.29
Deferred Tax
22.00
15.32
Net Profit After Tax (PAT)
552.14
480.27
Other Comprehensive Income
0
0
Total Comprehensive Income for the Year
0
0
Earnings per equity share (In `)
Basic earnings per share
8.56
8.04
Diluted earnings per share
8.56
8.04
1.1) BUSINESS REVIEW
 
 The Company concluded FY 2025-26 on a strong note, 
building on the momentum gained in the second half 
of the year. Supported by a favourable macroeconomic 
environment, GST rationalization benefits, and a robust 
recovery in the Commercial Vehicle segment, Inspite of a 
slow H1 in FY 2025-26, we are able to register a topline 
growth of 8.5% in FY 2025-26; 
 
 H2 FY 2025-26 revenue marking a 49.2% increase over H1 
FY 2025-26 sales reflecting strong momentum in the latter 
half of the year. On a quarterly basis, Q3 FY 2025-26 sales 
registered a 18.1% year-on-year growth compared to Q3 
FY 2024-25. Similarly, Q4 FY 2025-26 sales grew 22% 
in comparison to Q4 FY 2025-26. These figures highlight 
consistent acceleration in revenue growth across both halves 
and quarters. 
 
 Although demand has been good, its overall been a 
challenging Quarter 4, with middle east conflict resulting in 
shortage of LPG and a substantial increase in commodity 
prices and consumables. However, our business has not 
been impacted by the war and the tariff uncertainties in the 
US.
 
 Exports contributed 4% share of revenue for FY 2025-26 
registering a growth of 20% Y-o-Y. We are confident of 
increasing our export contribution in the next 2 years with 
secured order from European Tier 1. with our partnership 
with global OEMs progressing smoothly. We have made 
steady progress on our export business. With this foundation 
in place, we are confident of growing exports meaningfully.
 
 FY 2025–26 has been a year of purposeful progress and 
resilient execution. We have strengthened the foundation for 
sustainable growth across both our established and emerging 
49
a
a
a
BOARD’S REPORT (CONTD.)
product categories. In line with our strategic roadmap, 
100% of the IPO proceeds have already been deployed as 
per timeline. With continued investments and an expanding 
product portfolio, we are well-positioned to capture new 
opportunities and remain steadfast in our commitment to 
delivering enduring value to all stakeholders.
FINANCIAL REVIEW
• 
Revenue stood at INR 673.20 Cr., compared to INR 620.41 
Cr. in FY 2024-25, reflecting year-on-year growth of 8.5%.
• 
Revenue contribution from the Trailer axles & Suspension 
business stood at 42.61%, while the Component business 
contributed 57.39% in FY 2025- 26.
• 
Export sales contribution stood at 3.55% in FY 2025-26. 
We are confident of growing exports meaningfully in the 
coming years. 
• 
EBITDA for the full year stood at INR 87.9 Cr., representing 
a year-on-year growth of 8.2% while EBITDA margin stood 
at 13.06% 
• 
Profit After Tax came at INR 55.2 Cr., reflecting a year-on-
year growth of 15% which led to a PAT margin of 8.2% up 
46 bps YoY.
• 
The EPS on financials for the year ended on March 31, 2026 
was 8.56 (Basic) and 8.56 (Diluted).
1.2) NEW INITIATIVES & FUTURE OUTLOOK
 
 Our strategic investments are progressing well and are 
poised to support future growth:
 
• 
 Successful ramp-up of Tipping Jacks. 220 kits sold 
in Q1 FY 2026-27, with further scaling planned in 
subsequent quarters.
 
• 
 Axle Beam Extrusion Plant commissioned and 
Commercial production soon to commence in August 
2026.
 
• 
 Progress on seamless tube facility. Piercing mill 
received; sizing and straightening mills are on high 
seas and progressing as per schedule
 
• 
 High-Pressure moulding line for foundry expected 
by September 2026 which will double our existing 
capacity in castings
 
• 
 Axle Shafts production facility using advanced robotic 
forging technology (including material gathering and 
press forging processes adopted by leading global 
manufacturers) is on track for commissioning by 
September 2026.
1.3)  BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS OF THE COMPANY 
AND THE MATERIAL CHANGES AFFECTING IT
 
 The Company is diligently executing a well-defined 
growth strategy aimed at enhancing its market visibility 
and establishing itself as a trusted and reliable player in 
the auto component industry, both in India and globally. 
The Company has listed its equity shares on the nationwide 
trading terminal with NSE India Limited and BSE Limited 
launching an INR 500 Cr. IPO, (consisting of INR 250 Cr. as 
fresh issue and INR 250 Cr. offer for sale). 
 
 No material changes and commitments affecting the 
financial position of the Company have occurred after the 
end of the financial year ended March 31, 2026 till the date 
of this Report.
1.4) INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
 
 “FY 2026–27 marks a period of sustained momentum 
for India’s auto component industry. According to the 
Automotive Component Manufacturers Association of India 
(ACMA), the sector is expected to grow by 8–10%, building 
on the robust double-digit expansion achieved in FY 2025–
26. This growth is underpinned by strong domestic vehicle 
demand, continued OEM investments, and rising export 
opportunities.
 
 The Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) 
has highlighted steady growth across passenger vehicles, 
commercial vehicles, and two-wheelers, which directly 
translates into higher demand for components. Exports 
remain a key pillar, with Europe and North America 
continuing to source competitively from India, while Free 
Trade Agreements under discussion are expected to open 
new avenues.
 
 Despite challenges such as rising input costs, global 
geopolitical uncertainties, and import dependence in 
select categories, both ACMA and SIAM reaffirm the 
sector’s resilience and long-term promise. With a strong 
manufacturing base, policy support, and expanding product 
diversification, India’s auto component industry is well-
positioned to emerge as a global sourcing hub.
 
 As we look ahead, FY 2026–27 offers us the opportunity to 
consolidate these gains, deepen our presence in emerging 
segments, and continue delivering value to stakeholders 
while contributing meaningfully to India’s growth story.”
 
TRANSFER TO RESERVE
 
 An amount of INR Nil has been transferred to General 
Reserves out of the profit earned during the financial year 
2025-26.

[page 28]
50
BOARD’S REPORT (CONTD.)
2) 
DIVIDEND
 
 As the Company continues to focus on consolidating its 
resources and strengthening its financial position post-listing, 
the Board of Directors has decided not to recommend any 
dividend for the FY 2025 -26. This decision is in alignment 
with the Company’s strategic priorities of reinvestment and 
long-term value creation for its stakeholders. 
 
 As per Regulation 43A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing 
Regulations’), the Company has formulated Dividend 
Distribution Policy taking into account the parameters 
prescribed in the said Regulations. The Dividend 
Distribution Policy is available on Company’s website at 
chrome-extension://efaidnbmnnnibpcajpcglclefindmkaj/
https://www.krosslimited.com/_files/ugd/b3d94e_ 
60bb567957a8481086b493df9d9daf6c.pdf 
 
 There is no dividend which was required to be transferred 
to Investor Education and Protection Fund during the year 
ended March 31, 2026.
3) 
SHARE CAPITAL
a) 
Authorized Share Capital
 
 During the year under review, there is no change in the 
Authorized Share Capital of the Company. As on March 
31, 2026 the Authorized Share Capital of the Company is 
INR 37,00,00,000 divided into 7,00,00,000 Equity Shares 
of INR 5/- each amounting to INR 35,00,00,000 (Rupees 
Thirty-Five Crores Only) and 2,000,000 preference shares 
of INR 10/- each amounting to INR 2,00,00,000 (Rupees 
Two Crore).
b) 
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital
 
 During the year under review, the Issued, subscribed 
and paid-up share capital of the Company stands at INR 
32,25,47,110/- divided into 6,45,09,422 equity shares of 
INR 5/- each.
 
 Further, Company did not issue any class or category of 
shares, Employee Stock Options, Convertible securities and 
consequently there is no change in the capital structure since 
previous year, except as disclosed above.
c) 
Utilization of Proceeds of IPO
 
 Pursuant to the Regulation 32 of the Listing Regulations, there was no deviation(s) or variation(s) in the use of proceeds of IPO till 
March 31, 2026. The proceeds of IPO were utilized for the objects as disclosed in the Prospectus. Details as on March 31, 2026 are 
as follows:
(Amount in INR Mn)
Name of the Object
Amount as proposed in 
Offer Document (In Mn)
Amount utilized 
(in Mn)
Total unutilized 
Amount (in Mn)
Funding of capital expenditure requirements of 
our Company towards purchase of machinery and 
equipment
700.00
700.00
0.00
Repayment or prepayment, in full or in part, of 
all or a portion of certain outstanding borrowings 
availed by our Company, from banks and financial 
institutions
900.00
900.00
0.00
Funding working capital requirements of the 
Company
300.00
300.00
0.00
General corporate purposes
469.19
469.19
0.00
Total (A)
2,369.19
2,369.19
0.00
 
 The Company has appointed India Ratings and Research Private Limited as a monitoring agency to monitor the utilization of the 
funds. The report issued by India Ratings and Research Private Limited states that there is no deviation in the utilization of the funds.
4) 
 STATEMENT CONTAINING SALIENT FEATURES OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF SUBSIDIARIES/ 
ASSOCIATE COMPANIES/ JOINT VENTURES
 
 Statement pursuant to Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures as on March 
31, 2026 in Form AOC-1 is annexed to this Report as Annexure 1.
5) 
DIRECTORS & KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
 
 The Board of Directors holds fiduciary position and is entrusted with the responsibility to act in the best interests of the Company. 
The Board at its meetings deliberates and decides on strategic issues including review of policies, financial matters, discuss on 
business performance and other critical matters for the Company. 
51
a
a
a
 
 Committees constituted by the Board focus on specific areas 
and take informed decisions within the framework of the 
delegated authority and responsibility and make specific 
recommendations to the Board on matters under its purview. 
Decisions and recommendations of the Committees are placed 
before the Board for consideration and approval as required.
 
 Composition of Board of Directors of the Company is duly 
constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non- 
Executive Non-Independent Director and Non-Executive 
Independent Directors including Women Director in 
accordance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and 
Regulation 17 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”).
 
 All the Directors have rich experience and specialized 
knowledge in sectors covering law, finance, Accounts. 
Human resource, and other relevant areas.
 
 As on 31st March, 2026, the Board consists of 8 (Eight) 
directors comprising of four Non-Executive Independent 
Directors including a woman Independent Director. The 
Chairman of the Company is an Executive Director. The 
profile of all the Directors is available in the Annual Report 
of the Company.
 
 Further, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 
24th July, 2026 appointed Mr. Sharat Chandra Kumar as an 
Additional Director in the category of Independent, Non-
executive Director, subject to approval of the Members at the 
ensuing Annual General Meeting and Mr Mukesh Agarwal 
is ceased from the Board of Directors of the company on 
account of his resignation w.e.f 24th July 2026.
 
 None of the Directors of the Company are disqualified from 
being appointed as Directors in terms of Section 164(1) 
and (2) of the Companies Act, 2013 and are not debarred 
from holding the office of Director by virtue of any SEBI 
order or any other such authority. Your Company has also 
obtained a certificate from a Company Secretary in practice 
confirming that none of the Directors on the Board of the 
Company have been debarred or disqualified from being 
appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by 
Securities Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”)/Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) or any such statutory authority. 
The aforementioned certificate forms part of this Annual 
Report annexed with Corporate Governance Report. 
 
 In the view of the Board, all the Directors possess the 
requisite skills, expertise, integrity, competence, as well as 
experience considered to be vital for business growth.
 
 The composition of Board of Directors and detailed analysis 
of various skills, qualifications and attributes as required and 
available with the Board has been presented in the Corporate 
Governance Report.
6.1)  DIRECTORS RETIRING BY ROTATION
 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, Mrs. Anita Rai (DIN 00513329)) retired by 
rotation and being eligible, was re-appointed as Directors of 
the Company with the approval of Members at the 34th AGM 
held on September 23, 2025.
 
 Further, in accordance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013, Mr. Sumeet Rai (DIN: 02304257) Whole Time 
Director of the Company is liable to retire by rotation at the 
ensuing 35th AGM of the Company.
 
 He is eligible and offered himself for re-appointment as 
Director of the Company. Resolution for his reappointment 
is being proposed at the 35th AGM and his profile is included 
in the Annexure to Notice of the 35th AGM.
6.2)  CHANGE IN BOARD OF DIRECTORS
 
 During the financial year under review, there was no change 
in the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 However, Mr Sharat Chandra Kumar (DIN 10223173) 
Additional Director (Category - Non-executive Independent 
Director) was appointed by the Board of Directors at their 
meeting held on 24th July 2026 subject to approval of the 
members in the ensuing Annual General Meeting and Mr 
Mukesh Agarwal (DIN 09046565), has ceased from the 
Board of the Directors on account of resignation w.e.f 24th 
July 2026. 
6.3)  KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
 
 As on date, Company has following key managerial 
personnel in compliance with the provisions of Section 203 
of the Companies Act, 2013.
1.
Mr. Sudhir Rai
Chairman and Managing 
Director
2.
Mrs. Anita Rai 
Whole Time Director
3.
Mr. Sumeet Rai 
Whole Time Director
4.
Mr. Kunal Rai 
Whole 
Time 
Director 
(Finance) and CFO
5.
Ms. Debolina Karmakar
Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer.
 
 All Directors, key managerial personnel and senior 
management 
have 
confirmed 
compliance 
with 
the 
Company’s Code of Conduct.
6.4)  DECLARATION 
GIVEN 
BY 
INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTORS UNDER SECTION 149(7)
 
 The Independent Directors have furnished the necessary 
declaration of Independence stating that they fulfill the 
BOARD’S REPORT (CONTD.)

[page 29]
52
criteria of independence as per the provisions of Section 
149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 25 and 
Regulation 26(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) and are not disqualified to act as 
Independent Directors.
 
 They have also complied with requirements of Code for 
Independent Directors prescribed in Schedule IV of the 
Companies Act, 2013. The Board is of the opinion that 
Independent Directors fulfill the independence requirement 
in strict sense and are eligible to continue as Independent 
Directors of the Company.
 
 The Company has obtained declaration of independence 
from all the Independent Directors of the Company. None of 
the Directors have any pecuniary relationship or transactions 
with the Company.
6.5)  NUMBER OF MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
 
 Your Board meets at regular intervals to discuss and decide 
on business strategies/policies and review the Company’s 
financial performance. During the Financial Year 2025- 26, 
04 (Four) Board Meetings were held. The meetings were 
held in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Act.
 
 The details relating to Board Meetings and attendance of 
Directors in each Board Meeting held during 2025-26 has been 
separately provided in the Corporate Governance Report.
6.6)  COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
 
 The constitution of the Board Committees is in acquiescence 
of provisions of the Act and the relevant rules made 
thereunder and Listing Regulations of the Company. The 
Board has constituted Audit Committee, Nomination and 
Remuneration 
Committee, 
Stakeholders 
Relationship 
Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, 
Risk Management Committee and Independent Director 
Committee to deal with specific areas/activities that need 
a closer review and to have an appropriate structure for 
discharging its responsibilities.
 
 The composition, terms of reference, attendance of directors 
at the meetings of all the above Committees has been 
disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report. There has 
been no instance where the Board has not accepted any of 
the recommendations of the Audit Committee and other 
mentioned committees.
6.7)  BOARD PERFORMANCE EVALUATION
 
 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the 
Company had approved a Nomination and Remuneration 
policy containing the criteria for performance evaluation, 
which was approved and adopted by the Board of Directors.
 
 The Board has carried out an annual evaluation of its own 
performance, Board Committees, and individual Directors 
pursuant to the provisions of the Act and SEBI LODR 
Regulations and as per the criteria defined in the said act and 
regulations. 
 
 The Board’s assessment was discussed with the full Board 
evaluating, amongst other things, the full and common 
understanding of the roles and responsibilities of the 
Board, contribution towards development of the strategy 
and ensuring robust and effective risk management, 
understanding of the operational programs being managed 
by the Company, receipt of regular inputs, receipt of reports 
by the Board on financial matters, budgets and operations 
services, timely receipt of information with supporting 
papers, regular monitoring and evaluation of progress 
towards strategic goals and operational performance, number 
of Board meetings, committee structures and functioning, 
etc.
 
 The outcome of the evaluations conducted by the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and the Independent Directors 
at their respective meetings was presented to the Board, for 
assessment and development of plans/suggestive measures 
for addressing action points that arise from the outcome of 
the evaluation. The Directors expressed their satisfaction 
on the parameters of evaluation, the implementation and 
compliance of the evaluation exercise done and the results/
outcome of the evaluation process.
 
 The members concluded that the Board was operating in an 
effective and constructive manner.
6.8)  MEETING OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
 
 During the Financial Year under review, 2 (two) separate 
Meeting of the Independent Directors was held on February 
26, 2026 and March 13, 2026 without the attendance of Non-
Independent Directors and the Management of the Company. 
The Independent Directors discussed and reviewed the 
performance of the Non-Independent Directors and the 
Board as a whole, and also assessed the quality, quantity and 
timeliness of flow of information between the Management 
and the Board which is necessary for the Board to effectively 
and reasonably perform its duties.
6.9)  FAMILIARIZATION PROGRAMME 
 
 In compliance with the requirements of Listing Regulations, 
the Company has put in place a framework for Directors’ 
Familiarization Programme to familiarize the Independent 
Directors with their roles, rights and responsibilities, 
strategy planning, manufacturing process, subsidiaries 
business strategy, amendments in law, Company’s codes 
BOARD’S REPORT (CONTD.)
53
a
a
a
and policies, environmental aspects, CSR site visit, nature 
of the industry in which the Company operates, ESG goals/
targets, amongst others. The details of the familiarization 
programme conducted during the financial year under 
review are explained in the Corporate Governance Report. 
6.10) DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
 
 Pursuant to Section 134 of the Act, the Directors of the 
Company, based on representation from the management 
and after due enquiry, confirm that:
 
(i)   in the preparation of the Annual Accounts for the year 
ended March 31, 2026, the applicable accounting 
standards have been followed and there are no material 
departures from the same;
 
(ii)   they have selected such accounting policies and 
applied them consistently and made judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give 
a true and fair view of state of affairs of the Company 
as at March 31, 2026 and of the profit of the Company 
for the year ended on that day;
 
(iii)   they have taken proper and sufficient care for 
the maintenance of adequate accounting records 
in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding the assets of the Company and for 
preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities;
 
(iv)   the Annual Accounts for the year ended March 31, 
2026 have been prepared on a “going concern” basis;
 
(v)   they have laid down internal financial controls to be 
followed by the Company and that such internal financial 
controls are adequate and were operating effectively 
throughout the financial year ended March 31, 2026.
 
(vi)  they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance 
with the provisions of all applicable laws and that 
such systems are adequate and operating effectively 
throughout the financial year ended March 31, 2026.
7) 
AUDITORS AND AUDITORS REPORT
7.1)  Statutory Auditors
 
 M/s. S.K. Naredi & Co. LLP (ICAI Firm Registration No. 
003333C), Chartered Accountants, Jamshedpur, Jharkhand, 
have been appointed as Statutory Auditors of the Company 
to hold the office for a period of 5 years from the financial 
year 2022-23 to 2026-27. 
 
 The Report given by M/s. S.K. Naredi & Co. LLP, Chartered 
Accountants, Statutory Auditors on the standalone financial 
statements of the Company for the financial year 2025-26 is 
part of the Annual Report. There has been no qualification, 
reservation or adverse remark or disclaimer in their Report.
7.2)  Secretarial Auditors
 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Act read 
with the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Board at its meeting 
held on May 16, 2025 had appointed Mr. Sital Prasad 
Swain, Companies Secretaries (Membership No. F6338, 
CP No. 6814). (Peer review Number 6863/2025) Secretarial 
Auditor of the Company for audit period of 5 consecutive 
years commencing from FY 2025-26 till FY 2029-30. 
The Secretarial Audit Report for 2025-26 in form MR 3 is 
annexed to this report as “Annexure- 2”.
 
 Pursuant to provisions of Regulation 24A of Listing 
Regulations, the Company has undertaken an audit for the 
FY 2025-26 for all applicable compliances as per SEBI 
Rules, Regulations, Circulars, Notifications, Guidelines etc. 
issued thereunder.
 
 The Secretarial Audit Report and the Annual Secretarial 
Compliance Report for the financial year ended March 
31, 2026 are unmodified i.e. they do not contain any 
qualification, reservation, or adverse remark.
7.3)  Internal Auditors
 
 The Company has in place an adequate internal audit 
framework to monitor the efficacy of the internal controls 
with the objective of providing to the Audit Committee 
and the Board of Directors, an independent, objective and 
reasonable assurance on the adequacy and effectiveness 
of the Company’s processes. The Internal Auditor reports 
directly to the Chairman of the Audit Committee.
 
 M/s. GWC Professional Services Private Limited, were 
appointed as the Internal Auditors of the Company in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 138 of the Act 
read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014. 
7.4)  Cost Auditors
 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 141 read with Section 
148 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules made thereunder 
M/s. Sohan Lal Jalan and Associates, Cost accountants 
(Firm Registration No. 000521) were appointed as the Cost 
Auditors of the Company for the financial year ending March 
31, 2027 to conduct Cost Audit of the accounts maintained 
by the Company in respect of the various products prescribed 
under the applicable Cost Audit Rules.
 
 The Cost Audit Report for the financial year 2025-26 to be 
issued by M/s. Aditya Bhojgaria & Co, Cost Accountants 
(Firm Registration No.: 000809), in respect of the various 
products as prescribed under the Cost Audit Rules will be 
filed in the prescribed form with the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs (MCA) during the year.
BOARD’S REPORT (CONTD.)

[page 30]
54
 
 The remuneration of Cost Auditors has been approved by 
the Board of Directors on the recommendation of Audit 
Committee. The requisite resolution for ratification of 
remuneration of Cost Auditors by members of the Company 
has been set out in the Notice of the ensuing Annual General 
Meeting. 
8) 
RISK MANAGEMENT
 
 The Company has built a comprehensive risk management 
framework that seeks to identify all kinds of anticipated risks 
associated with the business and to take remedial actions to 
minimise any kind of adverse impact on the Company.
 
 The Company understands that risk evaluation and risk 
mitigation is an ongoing process within the organization and 
is fully committed to identify and mitigate the risks in the 
business.
 
 The Company has also set up a Voluntarily Risk 
Management Committee to monitor the existing risks as 
well as to formulate strategies towards identifying new and 
emergent risks. The Risk Management Committee identifies 
the key risks for the Company, develops and implements 
the risk mitigation plan, reviews and monitors the risks 
and corresponding mitigation plans on a regular basis and 
prioritises the risks, if required, depending upon the effect 
on the business/reputation. The other details in this regard 
are provided in the Corporate Governance Report, which 
forms part of this Annual Report.
9) 
 PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR 
INVESTMENTS
 
 The details of loans, guarantees and investments covered 
under the provisions of Section 186 of the Act and Regulation 
34 read with Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations 
form part of the Notes to the financial statements of the 
Company provided in this Annual report.
10)  PARTICULARS 
OF 
CONTRACTS 
OR 
ARRANGEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTIES
 
 During the year under review, all the transactions entered 
into by the Company with related parties were in compliance 
with the applicable provisions of the Act and the Listing 
Regulations, details of which are annexed in AOC – 2 to this 
report as “Annexure-3”. All related party transactions are 
entered into only after receiving prior approval of the Audit 
Committee.
 
 Further, in terms of the provisions of Section 188(1) of 
the Act read with the Companies (Meetings of Board and 
its Powers) Rules, 2014, all contracts’/arrangements/ 
transactions entered into by the Company with its related 
parties, during the financial year under review, were in 
ordinary course of business and on arm’s length and not 
material as per the Related Party Transaction policy.
 
 In line with the requirements of the Act and the Listing 
Regulations, the Company has also formulated a Policy 
on dealing with Related Party Transactions (‘RPTs’) and 
the same is available on the website of the Company at 
chromeextension://efaidnbmnnnibpcajpcglclefindmkaj/
https://www.krosslimited.com/_files/ugd/b3d94e_
a0e78eea5f9b45229c64b48f48182205.pdf
11) ANNUAL RETURN
 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3)(a) and Section 
92(3) of the Act, read with Rule 12 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, the Annual 
Returns of the Company are available on the website of the 
Company at https://www.krosslimited.com/ 
12) PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES
 
 The information required under Section 197(12) of the 
Act read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 
as amended from time to time in respect of Directors/ 
employees of the Company and a statement showing the 
names and other particulars of the employees drawing 
remuneration in excess of the limits set out in Rule 5(2) 
and5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 as amended from 
time-to-time forms part of this Board Report as “Annexure- 
4” to this report.
 
 The Board of Directors wishes to express their appreciation 
to all the employees for their outstanding contribution to the 
operations of the Company during the year. It is the collective 
spirit of partnership across all sections of employees and 
their sense of ownership and commitment that has helped 
the Company to grow.
12.1) HUMAN RESOURCES & INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS
 
 Employees are the most valuable and indispensable asset for 
a Company. Your Company has cordial relations with the 
workers and employees at all levels of the organization. A 
section on Human Resources/ Industrial relations is provided 
in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report which 
forms part of the Annual Report.
13)  COMPANY’S 
POLICY 
ON 
APPOINTMENT 
AND 
REMUNERATION 
OF 
DIRECTORS, 
KEY 
MANAGERIAL 
PERSONNEL 
SENIOR 
MANAGEMENT 
PERSONNEL 
AND 
OTHER 
EMPLOYEES
 
 The Company has in place a ‘Policy on Nomination & 
Remuneration for Directors, Key Managerial Personnel 
BOARD’S REPORT (CONTD.)
55
a
a
a
(KMP) and Senior Management’, which, inter-alia, lays down 
the criteria for identifying the persons who are qualified to be 
appointed as Directors and/or Senior Management Personnel 
of the Company, along with the criteria for determination of 
remuneration of Directors, KMPs, Senior Management and 
their evaluation and includes other matters, as prescribed 
under the provisions of Section 178 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and Regulation 19 of SEBI LODR Regulations. 
The Remuneration paid to the Directors is in line with the 
Remuneration Policy of the Company.
 
 The 
Nomination 
and 
Remuneration 
policy 
is 
available on the website of the Company at chrome-
extension://efaidnbmnnnibpcajpcglclefindmkaj/
https://www.krosslimited.com/_files/ugd/b3d94e 
_732650513919451ab470b733023bc72a.pdf
14)  POLICY ON BOARD DIVERSITY 
 
 In compliance with the Listing Regulations, the Company 
has formulated the policy on diversity of Board of Directors. 
The Company recognizes the benefits of having a diverse 
Board and sees increasing diversity at Board level as an 
essential element in maintaining a competitive advantage. 
The Company believes that a truly diverse Board will 
leverage differences in thought, perspective, knowledge, 
skill, regional and industry experience, cultural and 
geographical background, age, race and gender, which will 
ensure that the Company retains its competitive advantage.
15)  CREDIT RATING
 
 Company’s credit ratings were revised by India Ratings 
and Research Pvt Ltd on June 01, 2026. The ratings of the 
Company are as under:
Facilities
Amount  
(INR Mn)
Rating
Bank loan facilities
1,115
IND A/Stable/IND A1
Bank loan facilities
1,79.5
IND A/Stable/IND A1
16)   CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY 
ABSORPTION 
AND 
FOREIGN 
EXCHNAGE 
EARNINGS AND OUTGO
 
 Information on conservation of energy, technology 
absorption and foreign exchange earnings and outgo as 
stipulated in Section 134(3)(m) of the Act read with Rule 
8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 for year ended 
March 31, 2026 is attached as “Annexure -5”.
17)  VIGIL MECHANISM
 
 The Company has adopted a Whistle Blower Policy 
and established the necessary Vigil Mechanism, which 
is in line with the Section 177 of the Companies Act, 
2013 for its Directors and employees.The details of 
this Policy are explained in the Corporate Governance 
Report which forms a part of this Annual Report and 
also hosted on the website of the Company at chrome-
extension://efaidnbmnnnibpcajpcglclefindmkaj/
h t t p s : / / w w w. k r o s s l i m i t e d . c o m / _ f i l e s / u g d /
b3d94e_3c7a59777bd0461cbaa525b07dbb03f4.pdf 
 
 There were no instances of reporting under vigil mechanism 
during the financial year ended March 31, 2026.
18)   DISCLOSURE UNDER SEXUAL HARASSMENT 
OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, 
PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013
 
 The Company has zero tolerance towards sexual harassment 
at workplace and is committed to provide a safe and secure 
working environment for all employees.
 
 The Company has adopted a Policy on Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal of Sexual Harassment at 
Workplace in line with the requirements of the Sexual 
Harassment 
of 
Women 
at 
Workplace 
(Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and rules made 
thereunder and the same is hosted on the Company’s website 
at chrome-extension://efaidnbmnnnibpcajpcglclefindmkaj/
https://www.krosslimited.com/_files/ugd/b3d94e_
d045f14a5bee4e249e9dca5017c7a14d.pdf. 
An 
Internal 
Complaints Committee (ICC) has also been set up to redress 
complaints received regarding sexual harassment.
 
 During the year under review, no cases were filed under the 
provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.
 
 The constitution of the Internal Complaints Committee are 
as follows; 
 
Location: Jamshedpur
Name
Designation
Mrs. Anita Rai
Chairperson
Mrs. Alakananda Bakshi
External Member
Mrs. K Vijaya Padmabati
Member
Ms. Debolina Karmakar
Member
 
 No complaints have been filed/ disposed of/ pending during 
the financial year ended March 31, 2026.
19)   TRANSFER OF UNPAID DIVIDEND TO INVESTOR 
EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND (IEPF)
 
 Since there was no unpaid/unclaimed dividend for 7 
consecutive years, therefore transfer of unpaid dividend 
to Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) is not 
applicable to the Company during the year under review. 
BOARD’S REPORT (CONTD.)

[page 31]
56
20)  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
 
 Corporate Governance Report along with a certificate from 
the Statutory Auditors of the Company confirming corporate 
governance requirements as stipulated under Regulation 27 
of Listing Regulations forms part of report as Annexure 6.
21)  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
 
 The Management Discussion and Analysis Report for the 
financial year under review, as stipulated under Regulation 
34(2)(e) of Listing Regulations is presented in a separate 
section forming part of the Annual Report.
22)   MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS, IF 
ANY, POST BALANCE SHEET DATE 
 
 No material changes and commitments have occurred 
between end of the financial year of the Company to which 
the financial statements relate and the date of this report 
which may affect the financial position of the Company.
23)  INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS
 
 According to Section 134(5)(e) of the Companies Act and 
Regulation 17(8) of SEBI (LODR) in terms of internal control 
over financial reporting, the term Internal Financial Control 
(‘IFC’) means the policies and procedures adopted by the 
Company for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of 
its business, including adherence to Company’s policies, the 
safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and early detection 
of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records and the timely preparation of reliable 
financial information.
 
 The Company has a well-established internal control 
framework, which is designed to continuously assess 
the adequacy, effectiveness and efficiency of financial 
and operational controls and the Board is responsible for 
ensuring that IFC are laid down in the Company and that 
such controls are adequate and operating effectively. The 
Company believes that strengthening of internal controls is 
an ongoing process and there will be continuous efforts to 
keep pace with changing business needs and environment.
 
 The Company’s internal control systems are commensurate 
with the nature of its business and the size and complexity 
of its operations. These are routinely tested and certified by 
Statutory as well as Internal Auditors. Further there were no 
letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the Internal 
Auditor or the Statutory Auditors during the financial year 
under review.
 
 Necessary certification by the Statutory Auditors in relation 
to Internal Financial Control u/s 143(3)(i) of the Act forms 
part of the Audit Report. 
24)  CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
 
 The Company believes that as a responsible corporate 
citizen, it has a duty towards the society, environment, 
and the Country where it operates. The Company’s sense 
of responsibility (which goes beyond just complying with 
operational and business statutes) towards the community 
and environment, both ecological and social, in which it 
operates is known as corporate social responsibility.
 
 The Company has contributed to several organizations 
namely Gracious Aid Foundation, The Stray Army Charitable 
Trust, Tata Steel Foundation, Hamari Ladoo Foundation, 
Voluntary 
Blood 
Donation 
Association, 
LOYALA 
JAMSHEDPUR, Tarumitra Centre, Local area spending 
towards Promoting Digitized Education in the Government 
Education through and Initiative named as Ujjwal Kadam 
where coaching is provided to the students willing to 
prepare for IIT/NEET/JEE, promoting vocational education 
through donating CNC Machine in the Government College, 
doing Bala Painting modifying and Repairing work in the 
10 Anganwadi’s in the District of Saraikela Kharsawan, 
where all the manufacturing units of the plant is situated, for 
fulfilling its CSR obligations for the financial year 2025-26 
and ensuring compliance with provisions of Section 135 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder.
 
 The amount of INR 11.44 Mn was spent by the Company 
during the financial year 2025-26 to fulfill its CSR 
obligations and ensure compliance with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder.
 
 The Company has adopted a Corporate Social Responsibility 
Policy in accordance with the Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 which can be accessed 
at chrome-extension://efaidnbmnnnibpcajpcglclefindmkaj/
https://www.krosslimited.com/_files/ugd/b3d94e_
ee71ae6bd20f42548cd952eac992e86f.pdf. The Policy inter 
alia briefs the areas in which CSR outlays can be made, 
objectives, the various CSR Programs/ Projects which can 
be undertaken, implementation of the said programs and 
projects, criteria for identification of the implementing 
agencies, monitoring and evaluation mechanisms and 
annual action plan.
 
 Further details of the CSR activities are contained in the 
Annexure – 7 to this Report.
25)  INVESTOR RELATIONS (IR) 
 
 In compliance with Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, 
the Company promptly disseminates press releases and 
presentations regarding its performance on its website for 
BOARD’S REPORT (CONTD.)
57
a
a
a
the benefit of investors, analysts, and other shareholders 
immediately following the communication of financial 
results to the Stock Exchanges. 
 
 Additionally, the Company publishes quarterly financial 
results in prominent business newspapers and on its website. 
 
 Moreover, the Company conducts an investor call, following 
the declaration of financial results, to offer insights into 
its performance. This call, attended by the Chairman & 
Managing Director, Executive Director & CFO, and Investor 
Relations Team, is promptly transcribed, and audio recording 
is made available on the Company’s website. Furthermore, 
the Company maintains regular communication channels 
with investors via email, telephone, and face-to-face 
meetings, including investor conferences, one-on-one 
meetings, and roadshows. 
 
 Recognising the importance of transparent communication, 
the Company ensures that material developments related 
to the Company, which could potentially impact its stock 
price, are disclosed to stock exchanges in accordance with 
the Company’s Policy for Determination of Materiality of 
events or Information. 
26)  PUBLIC DEPOSITS
 
 During the year under review, the Company has not accepted 
any deposits from the public within the meaning of Sections 
73 of the Act read with the Companies (Acceptance of 
Deposits) Rules, 2014. As the Company has not accepted 
any deposit during the financial year under review there is no 
noncompliance with the requirements of Chapter V of the Act.
27)  CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS
 
 There has been no change in the nature of business of the 
Company during the year under review.
28)  LISTING OF SHARES
 
 The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on the BSE 
Limited (BSE) and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (NSE) on September 16, 2024 through Initial Public 
Offering (“IPO”).
29)  REGISTRAR AND SHARE TRANSFER AGENT
 
 The Share Transfer and other activities are being 
carried out by M/s KFin Technologies Limited (CIN: 
L72400MH2017PLC444072) (earlier Kfin Technologies 
Private Limited), Registrar and Share Transfer Agent from 
the following address: -
 
 Registered Address: 301, The Centrium, 3rd Floor, 57, Lal 
Bahadur Shastri Road, Nav Pada, Kurla (West), Mumbai, 
400 070, Maharashtra.
 
 Address for Correspondence / Operations Centre: Selenium 
Building, Tower-B, Plot No 31 & 32, Financial District, 
Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy, 
Telangana, India – 500 032.
30)   CODE OF CONDUCT FOR PREVENTION OF 
INSIDER TRADING IN COMPANY’S SECURITIES
 
 In accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 as 
amended from time to time, the Company has complied and 
formulated a Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading 
Policy, which prohibits trading in shares of the Company by 
insiders while in possession of unpublished price sensitive 
information in relation to the Company and can be accessed 
on the Company’s website through the following link 
chrome-extension://efaidnbmnnnibpcajpcglclefindmkaj/
https://www.krosslimited.com/_files/ugd/b3d94e_
a3655c5e11fe470a9ae47ec1d1c43245.pdf. 
 
 The objective of this Code is to protect the interest of 
Shareholders at large, to prevent misuse of any price 
sensitive information and to prevent any insider trading 
activity by way of dealing in securities of the Company by 
its Designated Persons. Ms. Debolina Karmakar, Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company is 
authorized to act as Compliance Officer under the Code.
 
 The code is applicable to all directors, designated persons 
and their immediate relatives and connected persons who 
have access to unpublished price sensitive information.
 
 Further, the Company has maintained a Structural Digital 
Database (SDD) pursuant to provisions of regulations 3 
(5) and (6) of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015.
31)  DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL 
ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR 
COURTS OR TRIBUNALS IMPACTING THE 
GOING CONCERN STATUS AND COMPANY’S 
OPERATIONS IN FUTURE
 
 No significant or material orders were passed by the 
Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which impacts the going 
concern status and Company’s operations in future.
32)   COMPLIANCE 
WITH 
SECRETARIAL 
STANDARDS 
ON 
BOARD 
MEETINGS AND 
GENERAL MEETINGS
 
 During the Financial Year 2025-26, the Company has 
complied with all the relevant provisions of the applicable 
mandatory Secretarial Standards i.e. SS-1 and SS-2, relating 
to “Meetings of the Board of Directors” and “General 
Meetings”, respectively issued by the Institute of Company 
BOARD’S REPORT (CONTD.)

[page 32]
58
Secretaries of India, and notified by Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs. 
33)  GENERAL DISCLOSURES
 
Your directors state that:
 
1.  
 No material changes and commitments affecting the 
financial position of the Company have occurred from 
the close of the financial year ended March 31, 2026 
till the date of this report.
 
2.  
 There was no change in the nature of business of the 
Company during the financial year ended March 31, 
2026.
 
3.  
 During the year, no significant or material orders 
were passed by the Regulators or Courts or Tribunals 
which impact the going concern status and Company’s 
operation in future.
 
4.  
 During the financial year under review no disclosure 
or reporting is required with respect to issue of equity 
shares with differential rights as to dividend, voting or 
otherwise, issue of Sweat equity shares and Buyback 
of shares.
 
5.  
 During the Financial Year under review, the Company 
neither made any application nor any proceeding is 
pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 
2016 (31 of 2016).
 
6. 
 The Company serviced all the debts & financial 
commitments as and when they became due with the 
bankers or Financial Statements.
 
7.  
 The Company does not have any holding company/
subsidiary.
 
8.  
 The details of difference between amount of the 
valuation done at the time of one-time settlement and 
the valuation done while taking loan from the Banks or 
Financial Institutions along with the reasons thereof: - 
Not applicable
 
 
 The company is in compliance with the Maternity 
Benefit Act, 1961
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
Your directors’ place on records their sincere appreciation for the 
continued co-operation and support extended to the Company by 
all the stakeholders. Your directors’ also place on record sincere 
appreciation of the continued hard work put in by the employees 
at all levels, amidst the challenging time.
The Directors are thankful to the esteemed shareholders for 
their support and the confidence reposed in the Company and its 
management and also thank the Company’s vendors, investors, 
business associates, Central/State Government and various 
departments and agencies for their support and co-operation.
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sudhir Rai
Kunal Rai
Place: Jamshedpur
Chairman & Managing Director
Whole Time Director (Finance) and CFO
Date: July 24, 2026
(DIN: 00512423)
(DIN: 06863533)
BOARD’S REPORT (CONTD.)
59
a
a
a
ANNEXURE - 1
FORM AOC-1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014))
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries or associate companies or joint ventures
Part A – Subsidiaries
(Information in respect of each subsidiary to be presented with amounts in INR Mn)
Sl. 
No 
Particulars
There is no Subsidiary of the 
Company as on March 31, 2026
1
The date since when subsidiary was acquired
NA
2
Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different from the holding company’s reporting 
period.
NA
3
Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last date of the relevant financial year in the 
case of foreign subsidiaries.
NA
4
Share capital
NA
5
Reserves and surplus
NA
6
Total Assets
NA
7
Total Liabilities
NA
8
Investments
NA
9
Turnover
NA
10
Profit before taxation
NA
11
Provision for taxation
NA
12
Profit after taxation
NA
13
Proposed Dividend
NA
14
Extent of shareholding (in percentage)
NA
Notes: The following information shall be furnished at the end of the statement:
1.  
Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: NIL
2.  
Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: NIL
Part B – Associates and Joint Ventures
Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures- NIL as on 
March 31, 2026
Sl. 
No 
Name of Associates or Joint Ventures
NA
1
Latest audited Balance Sheet date
NA
2
Date on which the Associate or Joint Venture was associated or acquired
NA
3
Shares of Associate or Joint Ventures held by the Company on the year end
NA
(a)  No. of Shares held
NA
(b)  Amount of Investment in Associate/Joint Venture
NA
(c)  Extent of holding %
NA
4
Description of how there is significant influence
NA
5
Reason why the associate/joint venture is not consolidated
NA
6
Net worth attributable to shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet
NA
7
Profit or Loss for the year
NA
Considered in Consolidation
NA
Not Considered in Consolidation
Notes:
1.  
Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations - NIL
2.  
Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year- NIL
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sudhir Rai
Kunal Rai
Place: Jamshedpur 
Chairman & Managing Director
Whole Time Director (Finance) and CFO
Date: July 24, 2026
(DIN: 00512423)
(DIN: 06863533)

[page 33]
60
ANNEXURE - 2
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
 [Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
FORM NO- MR -3 
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026
To, 
The Members, 
KROSS LIMITED
M-4, Phase-VI, Gamharia, Adityapur Industrial Area,
Jamshedpur, Dist- Seraikella-Kharsawan, Jharkhand-832108.
I have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of 
applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practices by Kross Limited (CIN: L29100JH1991PLC004465) 
(hereinafter called the “Company”). Secretarial Audit was 
conducted in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for 
evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and 
expressing my opinion thereon.
Based on my verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute 
books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the 
Company, to the extent the information provided by the Company, 
its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the 
conduct of secretarial audit, the explanations and clarifications 
given to me and the representations made by the management and 
considering the relaxations granted by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs and Securities and Exchange Board of India, I hereby 
report that in my opinion, the Company has, during the audit 
period covering the financial year ended on  March 31, 2026, 
generally complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder 
and also that the Company has proper Board processes and 
compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and 
subject to the reporting made hereinafter: 
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and 
returns filed and other records made available to me and maintained 
by the Company for the financial year ended on  March 31, 2026 
according to the provisions of: 
1. 
 The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made 
thereunder; 
2. 
 The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) 
and the rules made thereunder;      
3. 
 The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-
laws framed thereunder; 
4. 
 Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules 
and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign 
Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External 
Commercial Borrowings;  
5. 
 The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 
(‘SEBI Act’):-
 
(a) 
 The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011; 
 
(b)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; 
 
(c) 
 The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018; (Not applicable to the Company during the 
audit period)
 
(d)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share 
based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable to the Company 
during the audit period)
 
(e) 
 The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and 
Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 
2021 ; (Not applicable to the Company during the 
audit period)
 
(f) 
 The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars 
to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 
1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with 
client; 
 
(g)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting 
of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable 
to the Company during the audit period)
 
(h)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback 
of Securities) Regulations, 2018; 
 
 
 (Not applicable to the Company during the audit 
period)
 
(i)     The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Depositories and Participant) Regulations, 2018.
 
 
 Other laws applicable specifically to the Company 
namely:
 
 
a)  
 Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) 
Act, 1974 & Water (Prevention and Control of 
Pollution) Rules, 1975 
 
 
b)  
 Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) 
Act, 1981 & Air (Prevention and Control of 
Pollution) Rules, 1982
61
a
a
a
ANNEXURE - 2 (CONTD.)
 
 
c)  
 Environment 
Protection 
Act, 
1986 
and 
Environment Impact Assessment Notification 
S.O 60(E), dated January 27, 1994
 
 
d)  
Indian Explosive Act, 1884
 
 
e)  
The Gas Cylinders Rules, 2004
 
 
f)  
 Standards of Weights & Measures (Enforcement) 
Act, 1985
 
 
g)  
Petroleum Act, 1934 and Rules thereunder
 
 
h)  
Indian Electricity Act and Rules
 
 
i)  
 Hazardous Wastes (Management and Handling) 
Rules, 1989
 
 
j)  
Jharkhand Fire Services Act, 2007
 
 
k)  
Maternity Benefit Act, 1961
 
 
l)  
 Code on Wages, 2019, Code on Social Security, 
2020, Occupational Safety, Health and Working 
Conditions Code, 2020 and Industrial Relations 
Code, 2020 (The 29 central labour laws have 
been consolidated into the four comprehensive 
labour codes and the same is being adhered to by 
the Company depending on its applicability)
 I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of 
the following:
(i)   Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India 
(ii)   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and amendments made thereunder (Hereinafter 
referred to as “Listing Regulations”);
I have examined the systems and processes established by the 
Company to ensure the compliance with various Labour Laws, 
Regulation, Rules & Code, as applicable from time to time and 
relying upon representations made by the Company and its 
Officers for systems and mechanisms formed by the Company for 
compliance under these Laws, Regulation, Rules, Code and other 
applicable sector specific Acts, Laws, Rules and Regulations 
applicable to the Company and its observance by them.
Further, the Circulars, Regulations and Guidelines issued by 
the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and other relevant regulatory 
authorities pertaining to Board/ Committee meetings, General 
Meetings and other provisions of the Act, Rules and Regulations 
to the extent applicable have been complied with. 
I further report that:
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with 
proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-executive Directors 
and Independent Directors as on  March 31, 2026. The changes in 
the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during 
the period under review were in compliance with the applicable 
provisions.
Adequate notice has been given to all Directors and members of 
the Committee(s), as the case may be, to schedule the Board and 
Committee(s) meetings during the year under review; and agenda 
and detailed notes on agenda were circulated to them, well in 
advance of such meetings in compliance with the provisions of 
the Act and Secretarial Standards, and a system exists for seeking 
and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda 
items before the meetings and for meaningful participation at the 
such meetings. 
All the decisions at the Board and its Committee(s) meetings, held 
during the period under review, have been carried unanimously 
and accordingly recorded in the respective minutes of such 
meetings. Further, all resolutions, passed through circulation 
by the Board and/ or its Committee(s), were approved with 
the requisite majority and were duly noted and recorded in 
the minutes of the subsequent meetings of the Board and the 
respective Committee(s).
I further report that there are adequate systems and processes in 
the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the 
Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, 
rules, rules, regulations and guidelines. 
I further report that during the audit period the Company did not 
have any event which had a major bearing on the Company’s 
affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, 
guidelines, standards, etc. 
Sital Prasad Swain
Practicing Company Secretary
Membership No-F6338 
CP No. 6814
Date: July 24, 2026  
 
UDIN – F006338H001026711
Place: Jamshedpur       
P.R.No- 6863/2025
Note: This report is to be read with my letter of even date which 
is annexed as Annexure I and forms an integral part of this report.

[page 34]
62
ANNEXURE I
To, 
The Members, 
KROSS LIMITED
M-4, Phase-VI, Gamharia, Adityapur Industrial Area,
Jamshedpur, Dist- Seraikella-Kharsawan, Jharkhand-832108.
My report of even date is to be read along with this letter. 
1. 
Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion 
on these secretarial records based on my audit. 
2. 
I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the 
contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial 
records. I believe that the processes and practices that i followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.
3. 
I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.
4. 
Wherever required, I have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening 
of events etc.
5. 
The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of 
management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. 
The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with 
which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company. 
7. 
I further report that the Compliance by the Company of applicable Financial Laws like Direct & Indirect Tax Laws has not been 
reviewed in this audit since the same has been subject to review by the statutory financial audit and other designated professionals.   
Sital Prasad Swain
Practicing Company Secretary
Membership No-F6338 
CP No. 6814
Date: July 24, 2026  
 
UDIN – F006338H001026711
Place: Jamshedpur       
P.R.No- 6863/2025
63
a
a
a
ANNEXURE - 3
FORM NO-AOC -2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
Form for Disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties referred to in sub section 
(1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transaction under third proviso thereto.
1. 
Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at Arm’s length basis. NA
Particulars
Details
Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship
Nil
Nature of contracts/arrangements/transaction
Nil
Duration of the contracts/arrangements/transaction
Nil
Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transaction including the value, if any
Nil
Justification for entering into such contracts or arrangements or transactions’
Nil
Date of approval by the Board
Nil
Amount paid as advances, if any
Nil
Date on which the special resolution was passed in General meeting as required under first proviso to 
section 188
Nil
2. 
Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions at Arm’s length basis. Applicable
Particulars
Details
Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship
Tuff Seals Private Limited/Common Directorship
Nature of contracts/arrangements/transaction
Purchase Transaction 
Duration of the contracts/arrangements/transaction
One Year (April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026)
Justification for entering into such contracts or arrangements or 
transactions’
Transaction in ordinary course of business and at arm’s length
Date of approval by the Board
February 07, 2025
Amount paid as advances, if any
Nil
Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transaction 
including the value, if any
Purchase Transaction ofINR 1.01 Mn
Date on which the special resolution was passed in General meeting 
as required under first proviso to section 188
N.A.
Particulars
Details
Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship
Bull Auto Parts /Directors Proprietorship Firm
Nature of contracts/arrangements/transaction
Sales Transaction 
Duration of the contracts/arrangements/transaction
One Year (April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026)
Justification for entering into such contracts or arrangements or 
transactions’
Transaction in ordinary course of business and at arm’s length
Date of approval by the Board
February 07, 2025
Amount paid as advances, if any
Nil
Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transaction 
including the value, if any
Sales Transaction of INR 93.54 Mn
Date on which the special resolution was passed in General 
meeting as required under first proviso to section 188
N.A.

[page 35]
64
Particulars
Details
Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship
Mr. Sudhir Rai (Chairman and Managing Director & KMP)
Nature of transaction
Director Remuneration
Duration of the transaction
One Year (April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026)
Date of approval by the Board
February 07, 2025
Amount paid as advances, if any
Nil
Salient terms of the transaction including the value, if any
Director Remuneration INR 3.60 Mn
Date on which the special resolution was passed in General meeting 
as required under first proviso to section 188
N.A.
Particulars
Details
Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship
Mrs. Anita Rai (Whole Time Director)
Nature of transaction
Director Remuneration
Duration of the transaction
One Year (April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026)
Date of approval by the Board
February 07, 2025
Amount paid as advances, if any
Nil
Salient terms of the transaction including the value, if any
Director Remuneration INR 2.40 Mn
Date on which the special resolution was passed in General meeting 
as required under first proviso to section 188
N.A.
Particulars
Details
Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship
Mr. Sumeet Rai (Whole Time Director)
Nature of transaction
Director Remuneration
Duration of the transaction
One Year (April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026)
Date of approval by the Board
February 07, 2025
Amount paid as advances, if any
Nil
Salient terms of the transaction including the value, if any
Director Remuneration INR 2.40 Mn
Date on which the special resolution was passed in General meeting 
as required under first proviso to section 188
N.A.
Particulars
Details
Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship
Mr. Kunal Rai (Whole Time Director (Finance) and CFO)
Nature of transaction
Director Remuneration
Duration of the transaction
One Year (April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026)
Date of approval by the Board
February 07, 2025
Amount paid as advances, if any
Nil
Salient terms of the transaction including the value, if any
Director RemunerationINR 2.40 Mn
Date on which the special resolution was passed in General meeting 
as required under first proviso to section 188
N.A.
Particulars
Details
Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship
Ms. Debolina Karmakar (KMP)
Nature of transaction
Remuneration
Duration of the transaction
One Year (April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026)
Date of approval by the Board
February 07, 2025
Amount paid as advances, if any
Nil
Salient terms of the transaction including the value, if any
Remuneration INR 1.11 Mn
Date on which the special resolution was passed in General meeting 
as required under first proviso to section 188
N.A.
 
ANNEXURE - 3 (CONTD.)
65
a
a
a
Particulars
Details
Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship
Mr. Sanjiv Paul 
(Independent Director)
Nature of transaction
Sitting Fees
Duration of the transaction
One Year (April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026)
Date of approval by the Board
February 07, 2025
Amount paid as advances, if any
Nil
Salient terms of the transaction including the value, if any
Sitting Fees of INR 0.18 Mn
Date on which the special resolution was passed in General meeting 
as required under first proviso to section 188
N.A.
Particulars
Details
Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship
Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja
(Independent Director)
Nature of transaction
Sitting Fees
Duration of the transaction
One Year (April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026)
Date of approval by the Board
February 07, 2025
Amount paid as advances, if any
Nil
Salient terms of the transaction including the value, if any
Sitting Fees of INR 0.18 Mn
Date on which the special resolution was passed in General meeting 
as required under first proviso to section 188
N.A.
Particulars
Details
Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship
Mrs. Deepa Verma
(Independent Director)
Nature of transaction
Sitting Fees
Duration of the transaction
One Year (April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026)
Date of approval by the Board
February 07, 2025
Amount paid as advances, if any
Nil
Salient terms of the transaction including the value, if any
Sitting Fees ofINR 0.18 Mn
Date on which the special resolution was passed in General meeting 
as required under first proviso to section 188
N.A.
Particulars
Details
Name (s) of the related party & nature of relationship
Mr. Mukesh Kumar Agarwal
(Independent Director)
Nature of transaction
Sitting Fees
Duration of the transaction
One Year (April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026)
Date of approval by the Board
February 07, 2025
Amount paid as advances, if any
Nil
Salient terms of the transaction including the value, if any
Sitting Fees ofINR 0.18 Mn
Date on which the special resolution was passed in General meeting 
as required under first proviso to section 188
N.A.
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sudhir Rai
Kunal Rai
Place: Jamshedpur 
Chairman & Managing Director
Whole Time Director (Finance) and CFO
Date: July 24, 2026
(DIN: 00512423)
(DIN: 06863533)
ANNEXURE - 3 (CONTD.)

[page 36]
66
ANNEXURE - 4
Statement of Disclosure of Remuneration U/s 197 of Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 5(1) of Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014:
I.
i)
the ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company 
for the financial year;
Refer below table
ii)
the percentage increase in remuneration of:
(a) 
Director
(b) Chief Financial Officer
(c) 
Company Secretary
No increase
iii)
the percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year;
8.50%
iv)
the number of permanent employees on the rolls of company as on March 31, 2026;
566
v)
average percentile increases already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel 
in the last financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and 
justification thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial 
remuneration;
Nil
It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid during the year is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.
Ratio of Remuneration of each Director to the Median remuneration of the Employees of the Company
Name of the Directors
Designation
Ratio
Sudhir Rai
Chairman and Managing Director
7.83:1
Anita Rai 
Whole Time Director 
5.22:1
Sumeet Rai 
Whole Time Director 
5.22:1
Kunal Rai 
Whole Time Director (Finance) and CFO 
5.22:1
Sanjiv Paul 
Independent Director 
Not Applicable
Gurvinder Singh Ahuja 
Independent Director 
Not Applicable
Deepa Verma 
Independent Director
Not Applicable 
Mukesh Agarwal 
Independent Director 
Not Applicable 
Note: Sitting fees paid to the Directors have not been considered as remuneration.
67
a
a
a
II. 
Information as per Rule 5 of Chapter XIII, the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
 
 Details of Employees as per Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and also Top 10 employees in terms of remuneration drawn during 
the FY 2025-26:
Sl.
No
Employees name
Age
Designation
Remuneration
(In INR)
Qualification
Experience
(years)
Date of Joining
Last Employment
Related to Director 
and or Manager
1
Sandeep Kumar
46
GM Sales
3255946
Bachelor of Commerce
26
June 12, 2019
York Transport Equipment 
(India) Private Limited
No
2
Satish Sitaram Bansode
52
COO – Tipping 
Jacks 
2750000
Diploma Mechanical 
Engineering
30
April 01, 2025
Hypratek Fluid Power 
Private Limited
No
3
Ranjan Kumar Sarkar           
51
GM Forging
2302296
Diploma in Mechanical 
Engineering
27
April 01, 2009
Krishna Hammers
No
4
Pawan Mehar
42
GM Quality
2109332
Bachelor of Engineering
19
February 11, 2022
Shivam Autotech Ltd
No
5
Dhirendra Jena
52
GM Finance
2030570
CA Inter 
26
May 10, 2022
Utkal Autocoach Pvt. Ltd.
No
6
K. Suresh Babu
56
Director 
(Manufacturing)
1701539
Bachelor of Engineering
29
October 10, 2011
Faurecia Emission Control 
Tech.
No
7
Mohammad Kasim
42
AGM 
(Maintenance)
1871640
B. Tech Mechanical 
Engineering
19
March 13, 2020
Castex Technologies Limited 
No
8
Davandra Prasad Tyagi
59
GM- (Electrical 
Maintenance)
1856709
Diploma in Electrical 
Engineering
32
December 12, 1999 Hariyana Leather Chemicals 
Ltd
No
9
Rinkesh Kumar                 
40
GM- (Mechanical 
Maintenance)
1856513
Diploma in Forging 
Technology
19
April 01, 2009
Hi-Tech Gear Ltd
No
10
Anjani Kumar Singh
51
GM Development
1665802
Bachelor of Engineering
27
January 01, 2005
SPM Auto Pvt. Ltd
No
Notes:
(1) The aforementioned employees have / had permanent employment contracts with the Company.
(2) Salary includes fixed pay and employer share of Provident Fund. The value of stock incentives granted during the period is not included.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Sudhir Rai
Place: Jamshedpur 
Chairman & Managing Director
Date: July 24, 2026
(DIN: 00512423)
ANNEXURE - 4 (CONTD.)

[page 37]
68
Information as per Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014
A.  CONSERVATION OF ENERGY:
a)  
 The steps taken or impact on conservation of 
energy
 
Company has signed a Solar Power Purchase Agreement of 3MW whose 
installation is in progress and will be implemented soon 
 
New Cooling Towers: Reduced main fan motor power consumption by 
15%.
 
Capacitor Bank Installation: Achieved a power factor of 0.98-0.99.
 
Machining Line Re-arrangement: Improved productivity and reduced 
power consumption per unit.
 
Induction Billet Heaters: Eliminated Choper circuits, reducing power 
consumption by over 10%.
 
During Forging frequently Billets drop outs is common.  In order to reduce 
Billet Drop outs we have introduced low power mode, during this period 
the power consumption is reduced.
 
Single Stroke Forging: Improved productivity and reduced power 
consumption.
 
Briquetting in Induction Furnace: Reduced power consumption from 670 
units to 635 units per ton of liquid metal.
These efforts have led to a significant reduction in power consumption, with 
the Company spending less than 4% on energy costs despite having energy-
intensive processes like Forging, Heat Treatment, and Foundry operations.
The Company’s turnover has registered growth of 8.5% from FY 2025 to 
FY 2026. While power costs have risen by 5.34% during the same period, 
the increase remains proportionately lower than the growth in turnover. This 
demonstrates that the Company has efficiently utilised its resources, optimized 
operational processes, and maintained cost discipline, thereby reinforcing its 
commitment to sustainable and profitable growth.
The Company’s focus on energy conservation and productivity has yielded 
impressive results, demonstrating a commitment to sustainability and cost 
efficiency.
b)  
 The steps taken by the Company for utilizing 
alternate sources of energy
 
 LED Lighting: Replaced 80% of conventional lighting with LED lights.
 
 Switching from LPG to natural gas, as which is more environmentally 
friendly.
c) 
 The Capital investment on energy conservation 
equipment’s
Power Purchase Agreement of 3 MW signed installation is in process
B.  TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION:
1.  
The efforts made towards technology absorption
NA
2.  
 The benefits derived like product improvement, 
cost reduction, product development or import 
substitution 
NA
3.  
 In case of imported technology (imported during 
the last 3 years reckoned from the beginning of 
financial year):
 
Details of technology imported
 
a. 
The year of import
 
b. 
Whether the technology been fully absorbed
 
c. 
 If not fully absorbed, areas where absorption 
has not taken place, and the reasons thereof
NA
4.  
Expenditure on R & D
 
a)  
Capital
 
b)  
Recurring
 
c)  
Total
 
d)  
 Total R & D expenditure as a percentage to 
total turnover
NIL
ANNEXURE - 5
69
a
a
a
C. 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO:
a. 
 Activities relating to exports, initiative taken to 
increase exports, development of new export 
markets for products and services and export plans
Total Foreign Exchange used and Earned: (INR in Mn)
Used 
Earned
329.40 Mn
202.25 Mn
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Sudhir Rai
Place: Jamshedpur
Chairman and Managing Director
Date: July 24, 2026                                  
(DIN: 00512423)
ANNEXURE - 5 (CONTD.)

[page 38]
70
ANNEXURE - 6
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with Section C of Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (Listing Regulations), as amended, a Report on Corporate Governance for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, is presented below:
1. 
COMPANY’S 
PHILOSOPHY 
ON 
CODE 
OF 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
 
Your Company strongly believes that Corporate Governance 
represents a value-centric approach to business that places 
ethical principles at its core, empowering organisations to 
build sustainable wealth. It involves making responsible 
business decisions anchored in integrity and aligned with 
stakeholder expectations.
 
At Kross, we uphold a governance framework that ensures 
fairness, openness, and accountability across all our 
operations. This commitment strengthens the confidence 
and trusts our stakeholders place in us, reinforcing long-
term relationships.
 
The Company’s leadership and workforce are united in 
their dedication to principles such as transparency, integrity, 
honesty, 
and 
accountability—cornerstones 
of 
sound 
Corporate Governance.
 
Kross complies fully with the provisions of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI 
Listing Regulations”) pertaining to Corporate Governance. 
A detailed report in accordance with Part C of Schedule V of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations is presented below.
2. 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
a)  
Composition of the Board
 
As of March 31, 2026, the Board of Directors consisted of 
eight (8) members: four (4) Executive Directors, including 
one (1) woman Director, and four (4) Non-Executive 
Independent Directors, one (1) of whom is a woman 
Independent Director.
 
The composition of the Board of Directors of the Company is 
in conformity with the stipulated requirements of Regulation 
17(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Section 149 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred as “Act”).
 
The Chairman of the Board is an Executive Promoter 
Director and the number of Independent Directors is not less 
than half of the total number of Directors of the Company.
 
The necessary disclosures regarding other directorships 
and committee positions have been made by the Directors 
confirming that none of the Directors on the Board is a 
member of more than Ten (10) Committees and Chairman 
of more than Five (5) Committees across all the companies 
in which he is a director (as specified in Regulation 26 of 
SEBI Listing Regulations).
 
During the FY 2025-26, no changes took place in the 
composition of Board of Directors.
 
Independent Directors are Non-Executive Directors as 
defined under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations read with Section 149(6) of the Act along with 
rules framed thereunder. Based on the declarations received 
from the Independent Directors, the Board of Directors 
have confirmed that they meet the criteria of independence 
as mentioned under Regulation 16(1) (b) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations and that they are independent of the 
management.
 
None of the Directors serve as an Independent Director in 
more than Seven (7) listed companies as per the requirement 
of Regulation 17A of SEBI Listing Regulations. It is 
also confirmed that in the opinion of the Board, all the 
Independent Directors fulfill the conditions specified in 
these regulations and are independent of the management.
 
The Board of Directors is comprised of individuals who 
bring with them essential qualifications and a broad 
spectrum of experience, skills, and domain expertise. Their 
competencies span areas such as Corporate Management, 
Finance, Legal Affairs, Banking, Economics, and other 
related disciplines, all of which have been identified by the 
Board as critical to the Company’s business operations and 
strategic direction.
 
These capabilities empower the Directors to make well-
informed and impactful decisions for the Company. A 
comprehensive matrix detailing the specific skillsets and 
areas of expertise for each Director is included in a later 
section of this report. The detailed profiles of the individual 
Directors are outlined below.
 
Sudhir Rai, Chairman and Managing Director
 
Sudhir Rai, the founder of Kross Limited, who started the 
Company in the year 1991 designated as the Chairman and 
Managing Director of our Company. He holds a bachelor’s 
degree in science from the University of Delhi and diploma 
in business administration from the Xavier Institute of 
Management. He leads the Company across all facets, from 
operational excellence to corporate governance. Guided by 
his vision and strategic direction, and driven by the mission 
he has instilled within the organisation, the Company has 
evolved and achieved its present stature.
 
Anita Rai, Whole Time Director
 
Mrs. Anita Rai is a Whole-time Director of the Company. 
She holds a bachelor’s degree in education from University 
of Delhi and postgraduate certificate in logistics and supply 
chain management from XLRI Jamshedpur, School of 
Business and Human Resources. She has been associated 
with our company since incorporation and is primarily 
71
a
a
a
involved in stores/purchase and procurement activity of the 
Company.
 
Sumeet Rai, Whole-time Director 
 
Mr. Sumeet Rai, Whole Time Director of our Company. 
He has a bachelor’s degree in science in engineering 
(mechanical engineering) from the University of Michigan. 
He has been associated with our company since April 01, 
2008 and is primarily involved in plant operation of the 
Company.
 
Kunal Rai, Whole-Time Director (Finance) 
 
Mr. Kunal Rai is a Whole-time Director (Finance) and CFO 
of our Company. He has a bachelor’s degree in science from 
Aston University. He has been associated with our company 
since April 08, 2014 and is primarily involved in Finance 
and commercial activities of the Company.
 
Sanjiv Paul, Non-Executive Independent Director
 
Mr. Sanjiv Paul brings over three decades of distinguished 
leadership experience across the industrial and infrastructure 
sectors. He is a Metallurgical Engineering graduate from 
Regional Institute of Technology Jamshedpur and has done 
his General Management Program from European Center 
for Continuing Education (CEDEP), France. He began his 
career with Tata Steel in 1986 and has since held several 
senior positions within the Tata Group.
 
He has served as Managing Director of JUSCO (now 
Tata Steel Utilities and Infrastructure Services Ltd.), Vice 
President of Corporate Services at Tata Steel, and Managing 
Director of Tata Metaliks Ltd. His tenure has been marked 
by strategic transformation, operational excellence, and 
a strong commitment to sustainability and safety. He was 
associated with various Tata Group entities, including 
mJunction, Tata Pigments Ltd., Tata Metaliks Di Pipes Ltd., 
and Nicco Jubilee Park Ltd., among others.
 
Mr. Paul has been an active member of industry bodies such 
as the World Steel Association and the Confederation of 
Indian Industry, and has played a pivotal role in advancing 
responsible business practices.
 
 Gurvinder Singh Ahuja, Non-Executive Independent 
Director
 
Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja is a chartered accountant and 
a seasoned finance and governance professional with over 
30+ years of experience in corporate leadership roles.
 
He was previously associated with Tata Motors Limited as 
Plant Finance Head at Jamshedpur & Pune. He also held 
the position of Chief Financial Officer at TML Drivelines 
Limited, a Tata Group company, where he played a pivotal 
role in plant finance, operational efficiency, Merger and 
Acquisition.
 
Mr. Ahuja’s expertise spans corporate finance, governance, 
and operational strategy, making him a valuable asset to the 
Board. His leadership is marked by a focus on transparency, 
accountability, and sustainable business practices, his 
contribution to strategic insights and financial stewardship 
to support the Company’s long-term grow
 
Deepa Verma, Non -Executive Independent Director 
 
Ms. Deepa Verma is a seasoned Human Resources 
leader with over three decades of experience in strategic 
HR management, talent development, and organizational 
transformation. She previously served as Chief Human 
Resource at Tata Steel Limited, Jamshedpur, where she has 
played a pivotal role in shaping people-centric policies and 
driving cultural excellence.
 
Her career spans over three decades in multiple leadership 
roles within Tata Steel, including Chief HRM for Profit 
Centers and Services, where she led initiatives in employee 
engagement, capability building, and workforce planning.
 
She was also deputed from Tata Steel to TCIL and Tata 
Timken. She holds a bachelor’s degree of Commerce from 
University of Poona and has done her post graduation in 
Personnel Management & Industrial Relations from XLRI- 
Xavier School of Management, Jamshedpur.
 
Ms. Verma brings deep insight into, human capital 
strategy, governance, ethical leadership, diversity and 
CSR initiatives. Her presence on the Board enhances the 
Company’s commitment to inclusive growth, transparency, 
and stakeholder trust.
 
Mukesh Agarwal, Non-Executive Independent Director
 
Mr. Mukesh Kumar Agarwal is a seasoned professional 
with over three decades of experience in operations, 
project management, and strategic leadership across the 
manufacturing and engineering sectors. 
 
Mr. Agarwal has held senior leadership roles in several 
prominent organizations, including Vice President – Hot 
Mills at ISMT Ltd., and has served as Director at Rsquareinfo 
E-Solutions Pvt Ltd. His career spans diverse industries such 
as seamless pipe manufacturing, engineering consultancy, 
and infrastructure development, with notable contributions 
in plant operations, quality systems, and project execution.
 
He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering 
from U.P. Technical Board, Lucknow, and a B.Sc. from 
Agra University. His professional strengths include Lean 
Manufacturing, Contract Management, ISO Implementation, 
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)

[page 39]
72
and Team Leadership, making him a valuable asset to the 
Board of Kross Limited.
 
 Sharat Chandra Kumar. Additional Director (Category 
- Indepedent Non-Executive) 
 
Mr Sharat is a distinguished Electrical Engineer from 
BIT Mesra, brings over 35 years of leadership in Tata 
Steel across maintenance, project execution, design, and 
strategic sourcing. He has spearheaded major capacity 
expansion projects, including blast furnaces, coke ovens, 
and environment initiatives, with proven expertise in 
commissioning, automation, and capital planning. 
b)  
Details of Board Meeting 
 
The Board oversees management performance so as to 
ensure that the Company adheres to the highest standards of 
Corporate Governance. The Board provides leadership and 
guidance to the management and evaluates the effectiveness 
of management policies.
 
Board Meeting dates are finalized in consultation with 
all the Directors and Agenda of the Board Meetings are 
circulated well in advance before the date of the meeting. 
Board Members express opinions and bring up matters for 
discussions at the meetings. Compliance Report in respect 
of various laws and regulations applicable to the Company 
are tabled at Board Meetings.
 
The Board periodically reviews the items required to 
be placed before and in particular reviews and approves 
Quarterly/ Half yearly Un-audited Financial Statements and 
the Audited Annual Financial Statements, Business Plans, 
Annual Budgets and Capital Expenditure. The agenda for 
the Board Meetings covers items set out as guidelines in 
SEBI LODR Regulations to the extent these are relevant and 
applicable. All agenda items are supported by the relevant 
information, documents and presentations to enable the 
Board to take informed decisions.
 
Company’s Board met 4 times during the FY 2025 - 26 under 
review on May 16, 2025, August 08, 2025, November 14, 
2025, January 29, 2026. The Company ensured that atleast 
one Board Meeting was being held in each quarter and the 
gap between any two Board meetings was not more than 
One Hundred and Twenty days as prescribed under the SEBI 
LODR Regulations and Companies Act 2013.
 
Details of the Directors, their positions, attendance record 
at Board Meetings and last Annual General Meeting 
(AGM), other Directorships (excluding Private Limited, 
Foreign Companies and Alternate Directorships) and 
the Memberships/Chairmanships of Board Committees 
(only Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee) other than your Company as on March 31, 2026 
are as follows:
 
a)  
Meetings and Attendance
 
 
 During the year ended March 31, 2026 Four meetings 
of the Board of Directors were held on the following 
dates:
 
 
 1. May 16, 2025, 2. August 08, 2025, 3. November 14, 
2025, 4. January 29, 2026
 
 
 The 34th Annual General Meeting (AGM) was held on 
September 23, 2025 for FY 2024-25
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)
73
a
a
a
The category and the details of Attendance of the Directors in the Board Meetings and at the AGM held during the year are given as 
under: - 
Name of the Directors
Category
No. of Board Meetings Attended
Whether 
Attended the 
Last AGM
May 16, 2025
August 08, 
2025
November 14, 
2025
January 29,  
2026
Mr. Sudhir Rai  
(Chairman and Managing 
Director)
Promoter, 
Executive
P
P
P
P
Yes
Mrs. Anita Rai
(Whole Time Director)
Promoter, 
Executive
P
P
P
P
Yes
Mr. Sumeet Rai
(Whole Time Director)
Promoter, 
Executive
P
P
P
P
Yes
Mr. Kunal Rai
(Whole Time Director (Finance) 
and CFO)
Promoter, 
Executive
P
P
P
P
Yes
Mr. Sanjiv Paul
Non-Executive 
& Independent
P
P
P
P
Yes
Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja
Non-Executive 
& Independent
P
P
P
P
Yes
Mr. Mukesh Kumar Agarwal
Non-Executive 
& Independent
P
P
P
P
No
Ms. Deepa Verma
Non-Executive 
& Independent
P
P
P
P
Yes
Separate Meeting of Independent Directors
In terms of the requirements of Section 149(8) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule IV thereto, 2 (two) separate meeting of 
the Independent Directors without the attendance of non-independent directors and members of the management was held on February 
26, 2026 and March 13, 2026 to review performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board as a whole and also performance of 
the Chairperson of the Company and to assess the quality, quantity and timeliness of the flow of information between the Company 
Management and the Board.
b)  
Directorships/ Committee positions held by the Directors
 
Details of Directorships/ Committee positions held by the Directors as on March 31, 2026 in Indian Listed Companies are as follows:
Name of the Directors
No. of directorship (listed Companies) and
Committee membership(s)/ chairmanship(s)
in Indian Public Companies including the
Company as on  March 31, 2026
Directorships in Other 
Listed Companies
Skill and Expertise
Other 
Directorship(s)**
Committee 
Membership(s)*
Committee 
Chairmanship*
Name of the 
Company
Category
Mr. Sudhir Rai (Chairman 
and Managing Director)
1
2
-
-
-
Automotive 
Components Industry
Mr. Anita Rai,
(Whole Time Director)
1
-
-
-
-
Automotive 
Components Industry
Mr. Sumeet Rai,
(Whole Time Director)
1
-
-
-
-
Automotive 
Components Industry
Mr. Kunal Rai, (Whole 
Time Director)
1
1
-
-
-
Automotive 
Components 
Industry
Mr. Sanjiv Paul
(Independent Director)
1
-
2
-
-
Stake Holder 
Management, Planning, 
Strategic Management, 
Safety, Sustainability 
and Risk Management
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)

[page 40]
74
Name of the Directors
No. of directorship (listed Companies) and
Committee membership(s)/ chairmanship(s)
in Indian Public Companies including the
Company as on  March 31, 2026
Directorships in Other 
Listed Companies
Skill and Expertise
Other 
Directorship(s)**
Committee 
Membership(s)*
Committee 
Chairmanship*
Name of the 
Company
Category
Mr. Gurvinder Singh 
Ahuja
(Independent Director)
1
1
-
-
-
Financial Management, 
Corporate Planning, 
Accounting and 
Strategic Planning
Ms. Deepa Verma
(Independent Director)
1
1
-
-
-
Human Resource 
Management and 
Industrial Relation
Mr. Mukesh Kumar 
Agarwal
(Independent 
Director)***
1
-
-
-
-
Projects, OHSAS ISO 
Audits and etc.
 
Notes 
 
*The committees considered for the purpose are those prescribed under regulation 26 of SEBI Listing Regulations viz. Audit 
Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of Listed Companies.
 
**Other Directorships exclude Directorship in Foreign Companies, Private Limited Companies and Companies under Section 8 of 
the Companies Act, 2013.
 
***Mukesh Agarwal ceased from the Board of Directors of the Company on account of his resignation w.e.f 24th July 2026.
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)
c)  
Familiarization Programme
 
The Independent Directors are familiarized with the 
Company’s business model and the regular Industry updates 
through presentations in the Board Meetings. Interactive 
sessions with senior leadership team and functional heads 
in Board Meetings also enables better understanding 
of business strategy, operational performance, product 
offerings and market initiatives etc. The roles, rights and 
responsibilities of Independent Directors are also updated 
through discussion in Board Meetings and Plant visits 
are another way to familiarize the new directors to get 
familiar with the Company and its operations. They are also 
introduced to the organization structure, Board procedures 
and business strategy. Since the Company was listed on 
September 16, 2024, so the familiarization program hours has 
been counted after listing only. The web link for accessing 
the familiarization programmes of Independent Directors 
is chrome-extension://efaidnbmnnnibpcajpcglclefindmkaj/
h t t p s : / / w w w. k r o s s l i m i t e d . c o m / _ f i l e s / u g d /
b3d94e_82c84a6433d1400e9430b361981c6850.pdf. 
 
Relationship between Directors, inter-se
 
Mr. Sudhir Rai and Mrs. Anita Rai are Husband and wife.
 
Mr. Sumeet Rai and Mr. Kunal Rai are sons of Mr. Sudhir 
Rai and Mrs. Anita Rai.
 
Mr. Sumeet Rai and Mr. Kunal Rai are brothers.
 
Number of shares held by Directors as on March 31, 
2026
 
The details of shares held by Executive Directors are as 
under:
Name of Director
No. of Shares held
Mr. Sudhir Rai
2,46,36,733
Mrs. Anita Rai
1,18,72,170
Mr. Sumeet Rai
38,00,000
Mr. Kunal Rai 
34,92,000
 
The details of shares held by Non- Executive Directors are 
as under:
Name of Director
No. of Shares held
Mr. Sanjiv Paul
NIL
Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja
NIL
Ms. Deepa Verma 
NIL
Mr. Mukesh Agarwal
NIL
d)  
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
 
With a view to have a more focused attention on business 
and for better governance and accountability, the Board has 
constituted the following Committees viz:
 
a)  
Audit Committee;
 
b)  
Nomination and Remuneration Committee;
 
c)  
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee;
75
a
a
a
 
d)  
Stakeholders Relationship Committee; and
 
e)  
Risk Management Committee
 
f)  
Independent Directors Committee
 
The terms of reference of these Committees are determined 
by the Board and their relevance reviewed from time to 
time. Each of these Committees has been mandated to 
operate within a given framework. Minutes of the meetings 
of each of these Committees are table regularly at the Board 
Meetings.
 
(i) 
Audit Committee
 
 
 Audit Committee has been constituted in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 177 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Meeting of Board 
and its Powers) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 18 of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations (including any amendments 
and re-enactments thereof).
 
 
 The functioning and terms of reference of the Audit 
Committee including the role, powers and duties, 
quorum for meeting and frequency of meetings, are in 
accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 and Part C of Schedule II to the SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
 
 
Brief description of Terms of Reference:
 
 
1. 
 oversight of Company’s financial reporting 
process and the disclosure of its financial 
information to ensure that the financial statement 
is correct, sufficient and credible; 
 
 
2. 
 recommendation for appointment, remuneration 
and terms of appointment of auditors of the 
Company including the internal auditor, cost 
auditor and statutory auditor of the Company, 
and fixation of the audit fee;
 
 
3. 
 approval of payment to statutory auditors for any 
other services rendered by the statutory auditors;
 
 
4. 
 reviewing, with the management, the annual 
financial statements and auditor’s report thereon 
before submission to the board for approval, with 
particular reference to: 
 
 
 
 
 matters required to be included in the 
director’s responsibility statement to be 
included in the board’s report in terms of 
clause (c) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 
of the Companies Act, 2013;
 
 
 
 
 changes, if any, in accounting policies and 
practices and reasons for the same;
 
 
 
 
 major 
accounting 
entries 
involving 
estimates based on the exercise of judgment 
by management;
 
 
 
 
 significant 
adjustments 
made 
in 
the 
financial statements arising out of audit 
findings;
 
 
 
 
 compliance 
with 
listing 
and 
other 
legal requirements relating to financial 
statements;
 
 
 
 
 disclosure of any related party transactions; 
and
 
 
 
 
modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report.
 
 
5. 
 reviewing, with the management, the quarterly 
financial statements before submission to the 
board for approval;
 
 
6. 
 reviewing, with the management, the statement 
of uses / application of funds raised through 
an issue (public issue, rights issue, preferential 
issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for 
purposes other than those stated in the offer 
document / prospectus / notice and the report 
submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring 
the utilization of proceeds of a public or 
rights issue or preferential issue or qualified 
institutions placement, and making appropriate 
recommendations to the board to take up steps in 
this matter;
 
 
7. 
 reviewing 
and 
monitoring 
the 
auditor’s 
independence and performance, and effectiveness 
of audit process;
 
 
8. 
 approval or any subsequent modification of 
transactions of the Company with related 
parties and omnibus approval for related party 
transactions proposed to be entered into by the 
Company, subject to the conditions as may be 
prescribed;
 
 
 
 Explanation: 
The 
term 
“related 
party 
transactions” shall have the same meaning as 
provided in Regulation 2(zc) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and/or the applicable Accounting 
Standards and/or the Companies Act, 2013.
 
 
 
 reviewing, at least on a quarterly basis, the 
details of related party transactions entered into 
by the Company pursuant to each of the omnibus 
approvals given
 
 
 
 make necessary changes to the policy on 
materiality of related party transactions and 
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)

[page 41]
76
on dealing with related party transactions and 
guidelines as may be required, from time to time 
as it may deem fit;
 
 
9. 
scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;
 
 
10.  valuation of undertakings or assets of the 
Company, wherever it is necessary;
 
 
11.  evaluation of internal financial controls and risk 
management systems;
 
 
12.  reviewing, with the management, performance of 
statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of the 
internal control systems;
 
 
13.  approve the disclosure of the key performance 
indicators to be disclosed in the documents in 
relation to the initial public offering of the equity 
shares of the Company;
 
 
14.  reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, 
if any, including the structure of the internal audit 
department, staffing and seniority of the official 
heading the department, reporting structure 
coverage and frequency of internal audit;
 
 
15.  discussion with internal auditors of any 
significant findings and follow up there on;
 
 
16.  reviewing 
the 
findings 
of 
any 
internal 
investigations by the internal auditors into matters 
where there is suspected fraud or irregularity or 
a failure of internal control systems of a material 
nature and reporting the matter to the board;
 
 
17.  discussion with statutory auditors before the 
audit commences, about the nature and scope of 
audit as well as post-audit discussion to ascertain 
any area of concern;
 
 
18.  to look into the reasons for substantial defaults in 
the payment to the depositors, debenture holders, 
shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared 
dividends) and creditors;
 
 
19.  to review the functioning of the vigil mechanism 
and whistle blower mechanism and to whom the 
directors and employee shall report in case of any 
concern;
 
 
20.  approval of appointment of chief financial officer 
after assessing the qualifications, experience and 
background, etc. of the candidate;
 
 
21.  carrying out any other functions required to be 
carried out by the Audit Committee, as contained 
in the SEBI Listing Regulations or any other 
applicable law, as and when amended from time 
to time;
 
 
22.  reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances 
from/investment by the holding company in the 
subsidiary exceeding INR100 Cr. or 10% of the 
asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower 
including existing loans / advances / investments 
existing; and
 
 
23.  consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits 
and impact of schemes involving merger, 
demerger, amalgamation etc., on the Company 
and its shareholders; and
 
 
24.  To carry out such other functions as may be 
specifically referred to the Committee by the 
Board of Directors and/or other Committees of 
Directors of the Company.
 
 
 The Audit Committee shall mandatorily review the 
following information:
 
 
• 
 management discussion and analysis of financial 
condition and results of operations; 
 
 
• 
 management letters / letters of internal control 
weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors; 
 
 
• 
 internal audit reports relating to internal control 
weaknesses; and 
 
 
• 
 the 
appointment, 
removal 
and 
terms 
of 
remuneration of the chief internal auditor shall 
be subject to review by the audit committee.
 
 
• 
statement of deviations: 
 
 
(a) 
 quarterly statement of deviation(s) including 
report of monitoring agency, if applicable, 
submitted to stock exchange(s) in terms of 
Regulation 32(1) of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, as amended:
 
 
(b)  annual statement of funds utilized for purposes 
other than those stated in the offer document/
prospectus/notice in terms of Regulation 32(7) 
of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended.”
 
 
Composition and attendance
 
 
 The Audit Committee comprises of three members 
including two Independent Directors viz. i.e. 
Mr. Sanjiv Paul and Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja and a 
permanent Invitee. 
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)
77
a
a
a
 
 
 Mr. Sanjiv Paul, Non-Executive Independent Director 
of the Company, is the Chairman of the Audit 
Committee.
 
 
 All the members of the Audit Committee are financially 
literate. The Audit Committee satisfies the criteria of 
two-third of its members being Independent Directors.
 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Internal Auditor and 
Representatives of Statutory Auditors are permanent 
invitees to the meetings of Audit Committee. Company 
Secretary acts as Secretary to the Committee.
 
 
 During the year ended March 31, 2026, four meetings 
of the Audit Committee were held on the following 
dates:
 
 
 1) May 16, 2025 2) August 08, 2025, 3) November 14, 
2025 4) January 29, 2026 
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)
The attendance of each Audit Committee Member is as under:
Name of the Member / 
Chairperson
Category
May 16, 2025
August 08, 2025
November 14, 
2025
January 29, 2026
Mr. Sanjiv Paul, Chairman
Non-Executive 
Independent
P
P
P
P
Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja, 
Member
Non-Executive 
Independent
P
P
P
P
Mr. Sudhir Rai, Member
Executive Director
P
P
P
P
Mr. Kunal Rai,  
Permanent Invitee*
 Executive 
Director
P
P
P
P
*Permanent Invitee was appointed w.e.f November 14, 2025
 
(ii) Nomination & Remuneration Committee
 
 
 Nomination & Remuneration Committee has been 
constituted in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
The Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) 
Rules, 2014 and Regulation 19 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations (including any amendments and re- 
enactments thereof).
 
 
 The terms of Reference of the Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee are in accordance with the 
requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 and Part D 
of Schedule II to the SEBI Listing Regulations, which 
inter-alia, includes:
 
 
(a) 
 formulation of the criteria for determining 
qualifications, 
positive 
attributes 
and 
independence of a director and recommend to 
the board of directors of the Company a policy 
relating to the remuneration of the directors, key 
managerial personnel and other employees. The 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, while 
formulating the above policy, should ensure that: 
 
 
 
(i) 
 the level and composition of remuneration 
be reasonable and sufficient to attract, 
retain and motivate directors of the quality 
required to run our Company successfully;
 
 
 
(ii)  relationship of remuneration to performance 
is clear and meets appropriate performance 
benchmarks; and
 
 
 
(iii)   remuneration to directors, key managerial 
personnel and senior management involves 
a balance between fixed and incentive 
pay reflecting short- and long-term 
performance objectives appropriate to the 
working of the Company and its goals.
 
 
(b)  for every appointment of an independent director, 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
shall evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge 
and experience on the Board and on the basis 
of such evaluation, prepare a description of the 
role and capabilities required of an independent 
director. The person recommended to the Board 
for appointment as an independent director 
shall have the capabilities identified in such 
description. For the purpose of identifying 
suitable candidates, the Committee may: 
 
 
 
 
 use the services of an external agencies, if 
required;
 
 
 
 
 consider candidates from a wide range 
of backgrounds, having due regard to 
diversity; and
 
 
 
 
 consider the time commitments of the 
candidates.

[page 42]
78
 
 
(c) 
 formulation of criteria for evaluation of 
performance of independent directors and the 
board of directors;
 
 
(d)  devising a policy on diversity of board of 
directors; 
 
 
(e) 
 identifying persons who are qualified to become 
directors of the Company and who may be 
appointed in senior management in accordance 
with the criteria laid down, and recommend 
to the Board their appointment and removal 
and carrying out evaluation of every director’s 
performance (including independent director);
 
 
(f) 
 whether to extend or continue the term of 
appointment of the independent director, on the 
basis of the report of performance evaluation of 
independent directors; 
 
 
(g)  recommend to the Board, all remuneration 
packages, in whatever form, payable to directors, 
senior management and other staff, as deemed 
necessary;
 
 
 
 Explanation: The expression senior management 
means the officers and personnel of the company 
who are members of its core management team 
excluding Board of Directors comprising all 
members of management one level below the 
Chief Executive Officer or Managing Director 
or Whole Time Director or Manager (including 
Chief Executive Officer and Manager, in case 
they are not part of the Board of Directors) , 
including the functional heads, by whatever 
name called and the Company Secretary and the 
Chief Financial Officer.
 
 
Composition and Attendance
 
 
 The 
Nomination 
& 
Remuneration 
Committee 
comprises of 4 Members, out of which 3 members being 
Non-Executive Independent Directors i.e. Ms. Deepa 
Verma, Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja and Mr. Mukesh 
Kumar Agarwal and 1 member being Executive Whole 
Time Director i.e. Mr. Sudhir Rai, Executive Chairman 
is also a member in the committee as per Regulation 
19(2) of SEBI (LODR).
 
 
The Chairman of the Committee is Ms. Deepa Verma.
 
 
 During the year, one meeting of the Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee was held on December 
26, 2025. The detail of attendance of each Committee 
Member is as under:
Name of Director
No. of 
meetings 
attended
Mrs. Deepa Verma, Chairman
1
Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja, Member
1
Mr. Mukesh Kumar Agarwal, Member
1
Mr. Sudhir Rai, Member*
1
 
 
 *Due to re-constitution Mr. Sudhir Rai, Chairman and 
Managing Director of the Listed entity is included as 
a member in the NRC committee as per Proviso to 
Regulation 19(2) of SEBI (LODR) w.e.f. November 14, 
2025.
 
 
Performance Evaluation
 
 
 In compliance with the requirements of the provisions 
of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
SEBI Regulations, the Company has a framework 
for performance evaluation of Independent Directors, 
Board, committees and other Directors, which include 
criteria for performance evaluation of the Non-
Executive Directors and Executive Directors. The 
evaluation of the Independent Directors was carried out 
by the Board, excluding the Director being evaluated, 
and that of the Chairman and the Non-Independent 
Directors was carried out by the Independent 
Directors. The exercise was carried out through a 
structured evaluation process covering various aspects 
of the Board’s functioning, such as composition of the 
Board and committees, experience and competencies, 
etc. The performance was reviewed on the basis of 
the criteria, such as contribution of the individual 
Director to the Board and committee meetings, like 
preparedness on the issues to be discussed, quality 
and value of the contributions at Board meetings, well 
informed on the latest developments in the areas in 
which company operates etc.
 
(iii) Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
 
 
 Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee has been 
constituted in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) 
Rules, 2014 and Regulation 20 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations (including any amendments and re-
enactments thereof).
 
 
 The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee shall be 
responsible for, among other things, as may be required 
under applicable law, the following:
 
 
(a) 
 Resolving the grievances of the security holders 
of the Company including complaints related to 
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)
79
a
a
a
transfer/transmission of shares, non-receipt of 
annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, 
issue of new/duplicate certificates, general 
meetings etc.;
 
 
(b)  Review of adherence to the service standards 
adopted by the Company in respect of various 
services being rendered by the Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent;
 
 
(c) 
 Review of the various measures and initiatives 
taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of 
unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt 
of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory 
notices by the shareholders of the Company;
 
 
(d)  carrying out any other functions required to be 
carried out by the Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee as contained in the SEBI Listing 
Regulations or any other applicable law, as and 
when amended from time to time.”
 
 
Composition and Attendance
 
 
 The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee comprises 
of 4 members, out of which 2 members being 
Executive, Whole Time Director i.e. Mr. Sudhir 
Rai and Mr. Kunal Rai and 2 members being Non-
Executive Independent Director i.e. Mr. Sanjiv Paul 
and Ms. Deepa Verma.
 
 
The Chairman of the Committee is Mr. Sanjiv Paul.
 
 
 During the year, one meeting of the Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee was held on December 26, 
2025. 
 
 
 The detail of attendance of each Committee Member is 
as under:
Name of the Directors
No. of Meetings 
Attended
Mr. Sanjiv Paul, Chairman
1
Mr. Sudhir Rai, Member
1
Mr. Kunal Rai, Member
1
Ms. Deepa Verma 
1
 
 
 The Committee attends to the investors’ grievances/ 
correspondence expeditiously.
 
 
 Status of queries/ complaints received and resolved 
during the year
Number of Shareholders’ Queries/ Complaints 
received during the year
NIL
Number of Shareholders Complaints solved 
to the satisfaction of Shareholders
NIL
Number of Shareholders Complaints pending 
as on March 31, 2026
NIL
 
Name and designation of Compliance Officer
 
 
 Ms. Debolina Karmakar, Company Secretary of the 
Company is the Compliance Officer for complying 
with the requirements of SEBI Listing Regulations. 
The Company has provided an exclusive Email ID 
i.e.investors@krossindia.com for the members to send 
their queries/ grievances to the concerned department 
so that the queries/ complaints are addressed.
 
(iv) Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee
 
 
 In compliance with the provisions of Section 135 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules made thereunder, 
the Board of Directors of the Company has constituted 
a CSR Committee. The Committee is governed by its 
Charter. The terms of reference of the Committee inter 
alia comprises of the following. 
 
 
(a) 
 formulate and recommend to the Board, a 
“Corporate Social Responsibility Policy” which 
shall indicate the activities to be undertaken by 
the Company as specified in Schedule VII of the 
Companies Act, 2013, as amended;
 
 
(b)  review and recommend the amount of expenditure 
to be incurred on the activities referred to in 
clause (a) above; 
 
 
(c) 
 To formulate and recommend to the Board, an 
annual action plan in pursuance to the Corporate 
Social Responsibility Policy, which shall include 
the following, namely:
 
 
 
a. 
 the list of Corporate Social Responsibility 
projects or programmes that are approved to 
be undertaken in areas or subjects specified 
in the Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 
2013;
 
 
 
b. 
 the manner of execution of such projects 
or programmes as specified in Rule 4 
of the Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014;
 
 
 
c. 
 the modalities of utilization of funds and 
implementation schedules for the projects 
or programmes;
 
 
 
d. 
 monitoring and reporting mechanism for 
the projects or programmes; and
 
 
 
e. 
 details of need and impact assessment, 
if any, for the projects undertaken by the 
Company.
 
 
 
 
 Provided that the Board may alter such plan 
at any time during the financial year, as 
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)

[page 43]
80
per the recommendations of the Corporate 
Social Responsibility Committee, based on 
the reasonable justification to that effect.
 
 
 
f. 
 monitor the corporate social responsibility 
policy 
of 
the 
Company 
and 
its 
implementation from time to time; and 
 
 
 
g. 
 any other matter as the Corporate Social 
Responsibility 
Committee 
may 
deem 
appropriate after approval of the Board or 
as may be directed by the Board from time 
to time and/or as may be required under 
applicable law, as and when amended from 
time to time.”
 
 
 
Composition and Attendance
 
 
 
 The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee 
comprises of 4 members, out of which 2 members 
being Executive, Whole Time Director i.e. 
Mr. Sudhir Rai and Mrs. Anita Rai and 2 members 
being Non-Executive Independent Director i.e. 
Mr. Mukesh Agarwal and Ms. Deepa Verma.
 
 
 
 The Chairman of the Committee is Mr. Sudhir 
Rai.
 
 
 
 During the year, one meeting of the Corporate 
Social Responsibility Committee was held on 
July 31, 2025. The details of attendance of each 
Committee Member are as under:
Name of Director
No. of meetings 
attended
Mr. Sudhir Rai, Chairman
1
Mrs. Anita Rai, Member
1
Mr. Sumeet Rai, Member
1
Mrs. Deepa Verma, Member 
1
Mr. Mukesh Agarwal
0
 
 
 
 *Mr. Mukesh Agarwal is appointed in the CSR 
committee w.e.f November 14, 2025 in place of 
Mr. Sumeet Rai 
 
(v) Risk Management Committee (RMC)
 
 
 SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
(Fifth 
Amendment) 
Regulations, 
2021 has amended the Regulation 21 of SEBI 
LODR Regulations making it compulsory to have 
Risk Management Committee for top 1000 listed 
companies.
 
 
 The Company had constituted the risk management 
committee voluntary in the Board meeting held on 
October 21, 2023. Corporate Risk Evaluation and the 
methods to control the same is an ongoing process 
within the Organization. The Company has a well-
defined Risk Management framework to identify, 
monitor and minimising/mitigating risks as also 
identifying business opportunities. The terms of 
reference of the Committee inter alia comprises the 
following:
 
 
1. 
 To formulates a detailed risk management policy 
which shall include: 
 
 
 
i. 
 A 
framework 
for 
identification 
of 
internal and external risks specifically 
faced by the Company, in particular 
including financial, operational, sectoral, 
sustainability (particularly, ESG related 
risks), information, cyber security risks or 
any other risk as may be determined by the 
Committee. 
 
 
 
ii. 
 Measures for risk mitigation including 
systems and processes for internal control 
of identified risks. 
 
 
 
iii. 
 Business continuity plan. 
 
 
2. 
 To 
ensure 
that 
appropriate 
methodology, 
processes and systems are in place to monitor 
and evaluate risks associated with the business of 
the Company; 
 
 
3. 
 To monitor and oversee implementation of the 
risk management policy, including evaluating the 
adequacy of risk management systems; 
 
 
4. 
 To periodically review the risk management 
policy, at least once in two years, including by 
considering the changing industry dynamics and 
evolving complexity; 
 
 
5. 
 To keep the board of directors informed about 
the nature and content of its discussions, 
recommendations and actions to be taken; 
 
 
6. 
 The appointment, removal and terms of 
remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if 
any) shall be subject to review by the Risk 
Management Committee; and
 
 
7. 
 any other similar or other functions as may be 
laid down by Board from time to time and/or as 
may be required under applicable law, as and 
when amended from time to time, including the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)
81
a
a
a
 
 
Composition and Attendance
 
 
 The Risk Management Committee consists of six 
members consisting of Executive and Non-Executive 
Directors i.e. Mr. Sudhir Rai, Mr. Sumeet Rai and 
Mr. Kunal Rai being Executive Director and 
Mr. Sanjiv Paul, Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja and Ms. 
Deepa Verma being Non-Executive Director. 
 
 
The Chairman of the Committee is Mr. Sudhir Rai.
 
 
 During the year, one meeting of the Risk Management 
Committee was held on July 31, 2025. The details of 
attendance of each Committee Member are as under:
Name of Director
No. of meetings 
attended
Mr. Sudhir Rai, Chairman
1
Mr. Sumeet Rai, Member
1
Mrs. Deepa Verma, Member 
1
Mr. Sanjiv Paul, Member*
NIL 
Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja, 
Member*
NIL
Mr. Kunal Rai, Member*
NIL
 
 
 *Mr. Sanjiv Paul, Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja and 
Mr. Kunal Rai are appointed as a member in the Risk 
Management Committee w.e.f. November 14, 2025
e)  
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
 
The Company had defined the following persons as Senior 
Management of the Company:
 
Mr. K Suresh Babu - General Manager (Operation) 
 
Mr. Sandeep Kumar - General Manager (Sales)
 
Mr. Ranjan Kumar Sarkar - General Manager (Forging)
 
Mr. Pawan Mehar - General Manager (Quality)
 
Mr. Rama Kant Giri - General Manager (HR) & Admin
 
Mr. Dhirendra Jena - Head (Accounts and Finance)*
 
Ms. Debolina Karmakar - Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer
 
*Ceased from the position of Head (Accounts and Finance) 
w.e.f 31st July 2026
 
All the senior management persons are well qualified 
and have rich experience in their respective fields and 
contributing to the growth of the Company. There were no 
changes in Senior management personnel at the close of 
financial year as on March 31, 2026.
f)  
 POLICY FOR SELECTION AND APPOINTMENT OF 
DIRECTORS AND THEIR REMUNERATION:
 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has adopted 
a Policy which, inter alia, deals with the manner of Selection 
of Board of Directors and their remuneration.
 
i.  
Criteria for Selection of Non -Executive Directors:
 
 
1. 
 The Non-Executive Directors shall be of high 
integrity with relevant expertise and experience 
so as to have a diverse Board with Directors 
having expertise in the fields of manufacturing, 
marketing, finance, taxation, law, governance 
and general management.
 
 
2.  
 In case of appointment of Independent Directors, 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
satisfies itself with regard to the independence 
nature of the Directors vis-à-vis the Company so 
as to enable the Board to discharge its function 
and duties effectively.
 
 
3.  
 Nomination 
and 
Remuneration 
Committee 
ensures that the candidate identified for 
appointment /reappointment as an Independent 
Director is not disqualified for appointment 
/ re-Appointment under Section 164 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
 
 
4.  
 Nomination 
and 
Remuneration 
Committee 
considers the following attributes / criteria, whilst 
recommending to the Board the candidature for 
appointment as Director:
 
 
 
a.  
 Qualification, expertise and experience of 
the Directors in their respective fields;
 
 
 
b.  
 Personal, professional or business standing;
 
 
 
c.  
Diversity of the Board.
 
 
 
 Board of Directors take into consideration the 
performance evaluation of the Directors and their 
engagement level.
 
ii.  
Remuneration 
  
 
(a)   Directors with pecuniary relationship or business 
transaction with the Company the Executive 
Directors receive salary, perquisites, allowances 
and other benefits in accordance with their terms 
of appointment, while all the Non-Executive 
Directors/Independent 
Directors 
receive 
sitting fees for attending the Board meetings, 
reimbursement of travelling expenses. It is also to 
be noted that the transactions with other entities 
where Chairman & Managing Director/ other 
Directors are interested are being carried out by 
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)

[page 44]
82
the Company in its ordinary course of business 
and on arm’s length basis,
 
 
(b)   Criteria for making payment to Non- Executive 
Directors:
 
 
 
 The Non-Executive Directors (Independent 
Directors) shall be entitled to receive remuneration 
by way of sitting fees, reimbursement of 
expenses, if any, as detailed hereunder:
 
 
 
i.  
 A Non-Executive Director shall be entitled 
to receive sitting fees for each of the 
meeting of Board or Committee of the 
Board attended by him as approved by 
the Board of Directors within the overall 
limits prescribed under the Companies Act, 
2013 and the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) 
Rules, 2014;
 
 
 
ii.  
 A 
Non-Executive 
Director 
may 
be 
paid 
Commission 
of 
such 
sum 
as 
may be approved by the Board on the 
recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee.
 
 
 
 
 The total remuneration by way of 
commission payable to the Non-Executive 
Directors (including Independent Directors) 
shall not exceed 1% per annum of the 
Net Profit of the Company subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company;
 
 
 
iii.   The Independent Directors of the Company 
shall not be entitled to participate in the 
Stock Option Scheme of the Company 
pursuant to the provisions of Companies 
Act, 2013 and SEBI LODR Regulations.
 
 
(c) 
 Criteria for making payments to executive 
directors:
 
 
 
 As per the Nomination & Remuneration Policy of 
the Company, the Board, on the recommendation 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
reviews and approves the remuneration payable 
to Executive Directors. The Board and the 
committee consider the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, the limits approved by the 
shareholders, and the individual and corporate 
performance in recommending and approving 
the remuneration of Executive Directors. The 
remuneration/sitting fees, as the case may be, 
paid to Non-Executive/Independent Director, 
shall be in accordance with the provisions of 
the Act and the Rules made thereunder for the 
time being in force, or as may be decided by the 
committee/ Board/shareholders.
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)
The details of remunerations paid to the Directors during the Financial Year 2025-26 is given below:
(INR in Mn)
Name of the Director and Designation
Relationship with the Director*
Salary and
perquisite
Sitting fee
Commission
Total
Mr. Sudhir Rai
Chairman and Managing Director
Husband of Anita Rai and Father 
of Sumeet Rai and Kunal Rai
3.60
NA
NA
3.60
Mrs. Anita Rai (Whole Time Director)
Wife of Sudhir Rai and mother of 
Sumeet Rai and Kunal Rai
2.40
NA
NA
2.40
Mr. Sumeet Rai (Whole Time Director)
Son of Sudhir Rai and Anita Rai 
and brother of Kunal Rai
2.40
NA
NA
2.40
Mr. Kunal Rai (Whole Time Director 
(Finance) and CFO)
Son of Sudhir Rai and Anita Rai 
and brother of Sumeet Rai
2.40
NA
NA
2.40
Mr. Sanjiv Paul
(Independent Director)
NA
NA
0.18
NA
0.18
Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja
(Independent Director)
NA
NA
0.18
NA
0.18
Ms. Deepa Verma
(Independent Director)
NA
NA
0.18
NA
0.18
Mr. Mukesh Kumar Agarwal
(Independent Director)
NA
NA
0.18
NA
0.18
83
a
a
a
3. 
GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
 
The last three Annual General Meetings were held as per details given below:
Financial 
Year
FY 2022-23
FY 2023 -24 
FY 2024 -25 
Venue
M-4, Phase-VI, Gamharia, Adityapur 
Industrial Area, Jamshedpur, 
Seraikela Kharsawan, Jharkhand, 
832108 (Registered Office)
M-4, Phase-VI, Gamharia, Adityapur 
Industrial Area, Jamshedpur, 
Seraikela Kharsawan, Jharkhand, 
832108 (Registered Office)
Through Video Conferencing 
(‘VC’)/ Other Audio Visual Means 
(‘OAVM’)
Date and 
time
September 30, 2023
(Saturday) 04:00 PM 
June 20, 2024
(Thursday) 12 Noon 
September 23,2025
(Tuesday) 11 AM 
Special 
Resolutions 
Passed
None
None
None
 
During the last three Financial Year the EGM held as under;
Financial Year
FY 2023 – 24 
Venue
M-4, Phase-VI, Gamharia, Adityapur Industrial Area, Jamshedpur, Seraikela Kharsawan, Jharkhand, 832108 
(Registered Office)
Date and time
October 26, 2023 
(Thursday) 11:00 A.M.
Special 
Resolutions 
Passed
1.    Adoption of New Articles of Association of the Company in order to align the Articles of Association 
with the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended, and the requirements of the stock 
exchanges where the equity shares of the Company are proposed to be listed.
2.  
 Alteration Of Main Object Clause of the Memorandum of Association for addition of the word ‘Trailers’ 
in the Main Object Clause 3 (A) in point No-1 of the Memorandum of Association of the Company
3.  
 Issue Of Bonus Shares in the ratio of 1:1 i.e. 1 (One) fully paid-up Equity Shares for every 1 (One) Equity 
Shares held by the shareholders.
4.  
 Sub Division/Split of Equity Shares and Alteration of the Capital Clause 5 Of the Memorandum of 
Association
5.  
 Appointment of Mr. Sudhir Rai as Chairman and Managing Director and KMP of the Company for a 
period of 5 years commencing from  October 26, 2023 to  October 26, 2028.
6.  
 Appointment of Mrs. Anita Rai to Whole Time Director of the Company for a period of 5 years 
commencing from  October 26, 2023 to  October 26, 2028
7.  
 Appointment of Mr. Sumeet Rai to Whole Time Director of the Company for a period of 5 years 
commencing from  October 26, 2023 to  October 26, 2028.
8.  
 Appointment of Mr. Kunal Rai to Director (Finance) and CFO and Whole Time Director of the Company 
for a period of 5 years commencing from  October 26, 2023 to  October 26, 2028.
9.  
 Appointment Of Non-Executive Independent Director - Mr. Sanjiv Paul for a period of three consecutive 
years from  October 26, 2023 to  October 26, 2026
10.   Appointment Of Non-Executive Independent Director - Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja for a period of three 
consecutive years from  October 26, 2023 to  October 26, 2026
11.   Appointment Of Non-Executive Independent Director – Mrs. Deepa Verma for a period of three 
consecutive years from  October 26, 2023 to  October 26, 2026
12.    Appointment Of Non-Executive Independent Director - Mr. Mukesh Agarwal for a period of three 
consecutive years from  October 26, 2023 to  October 26, 2026
13.  Borrowing Money for the Purpose of Business of the Company subject to such aggregate borrowings not 
exceeding the amount which is INR 300 Cr. (Rupees three hundred crore only). 
14.  Initial Public Offers of Equity Shares of the Company. 
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)

[page 45]
84
 
POSTAL BALLOT
 
During the year, the Company did not pass any special 
resolution through Postal Ballot as no voting was conducted 
through Postal Ballot.
4. 
MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
a) 
Quarterly Results: The quarterly, half-yearly and annual 
financial results of the Company are submitted to the BSE 
Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
where its equity shares are listed and the same are generally 
published in Financial Express, All India Edition (English) 
and in Utkal Mail (Regional language). 
 
The financial results are also posted on the website of the 
Company i.e. https://www.krosslimited.com/ 
b) 
Company’s 
Website 
(https://www.krosslimited.com/): 
Detailed information on the Company’s business and products; 
quarterly/ half yearly/ nine months and annual financial results 
are displayed on the Company’s website. The Company’s 
website https://www.krosslimited.com/ is a comprehensive 
reference on Kross’s management, vision, mission, 
policies, corporate governance, corporate sustainability, 
investor relations, sales network, updates and news. The 
section on ‘Investor’ serves to inform the shareholders, by 
giving complete financial details, shareholding patterns, 
corporate benefits, information relating to stock exchanges, 
presentations made to institutional investors or to the analysts, 
registrars and share transfer agents etc.
c) 
The 
Management 
Discussion 
& 
Analysis: 
The 
Management Discussion & Analysis Report forms part of 
the Annual Report.
d) 
Intimation to Stock Exchanges: The Company is timely 
submitting the required information, statement and report 
to the BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited. The Company intimates BSE Limited 
and National Stock Exchange of India Limited all price 
sensitive information which in its opinion are material and 
of relevance to the shareholders.
 
All information is filed electronically on online portals of 
BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited.
e) 
Investor 
Conference 
Calls: 
Every 
quarter, 
post 
announcement of financial results, conference calls are 
organized with institutional investors and analysts. These 
calls are addressed by Chairman and Managing Director, 
Whole -Time Director and CFO and Head of Investor 
Relations. Transcripts of the calls are hosted on the website 
of the Company viz. https://www.krosslimited.com.
f) 
 SEBI processes investor complaints in a centralized web-
based complaints redressal system, i.e. SCORES. Through 
this system a shareholder can lodge a complaint against 
the Company for redressal of his grievance. The Company 
uploads the action taken report on the complaint, which can 
be viewed by the shareholder. The Company and shareholder 
can seek and provide clarifications online through SEBI.
g) 
The Company has designated an email-ID for investor 
services, i.e. investors@krossindia.com and the same is 
available on the Company’s website, i.e. https://www.
krosslimited.com/
5. 
GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
(i) 
35th Annual General Meeting
 
The 35th Annual General Meeting will be held on 
Wednesday, September 16, 2026 at 11.00 a.m. through video 
conferencing/ other audio-visual means.
(ii) Financial Year
 
The Financial Year of the Company starts from April 01, and 
ends on March 31, of next year.
(iii) Registered Office Address
 
Kross Limited Unit – 1, M4, Phase VI, Adityapur Industrial 
Area, Jamshedpur - 832 108, Jharkhand 
(iv) Company Secretary and Compliance Officer - Ms. 
Debolina Karmakar, Company Secretary Email for redressal 
of Investors’ Complaints: investors@krossindia.com 
(v) Website - https://www.krosslimited.com/ 
(vi) Financial Reporting Calendar:
Financial Calendar (subject to change) for Financial 
Year 2026-27:
First Quarter Results
On or before  August 14, 2026
Second Quarter/Half 
Yearly Results
On or before  November 14, 
2026
Third Quarter Results
On or before  February 14, 2027
Audited Results for the 
Financial Year 2026-27
On or before  May 30, 2027
(vii) Listing of Equity Shares on Stock Exchanges
 
The Equity Shares of the Company are listed on the BSE 
Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited.
 
The annual listing fee due to BSE Limited and National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited for the FY 2026-27 has 
been duly paid.
 
ISIN of the Equity Shares of the Company is INE0O6601022
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)
85
a
a
a
(viii) Stock Code
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001
544253
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051
KROSS
(ix) Market Price Data
 
The securities of the Company have been listed on BSE and NSE. The stock market prices were as under:
 
a)  
High and Low Prices and Trading Volumes on the BSE and NSE
Months
Share Price at BSE
Share Price at NSE
High (INR)
Low (INR)
High (INR)
Low (INR)
Apr-25
166.35
162.30
167.90
162.00
May-25
181.60
174.25
181.97
174.00
June-25
198.65
194.70
198.70
194.54
July-25
177.95
173.55
177.70
172.40
Aug-25
196.10
186.85
196.00
187.05
Sep-25
199.40
191.00
199.55
190.71
Oct-25
184.05
181.30
184.08
181.06
Nov-25
169.90
159.45
169.96
159.42
Dec-25
186.70
181.50
186.79
184.35
Jan-26
202.00
186.00
202.61
185.90
Feb-26
201.00
195.05
201.20
195.76
Mar-26
162.95
157.80
162.72
158.00
 
(b)  Performance in comparison to broad-based indices
 
 
Performance of the share price of the Company in comparison to BSE Sensex: BSE SENSEX
Months
Share Price BSE 
S&P BSE Sensex
High (INR)
Low (INR)
High (INR)
Low (INR)
Apr-25
166.35
162.30
80,661.31
71,425.01
May-25
181.60
174.25
82,718.14
78,968.34
June-25
198.65
194.70
84,099.53
80,354.59
July-25
177.95
173.55
83,935.01
80,575.45
Aug-25
196.10
186.85
82,231.17
79,741.76
Sep-25
199.40
191.00
83,141.21
79,818.38
Oct-25
184.05
181.30
85,290.06
80,159.90
Nov-25
169.90
159.45
86,055.86
82,670.95
Dec-25
186.70
181.50
86,159.02
84,150.19
Jan-26
202.00
186.00
85,883.50
81,088.59
Feb-26
201.00
195.05
85,871.73
79,899.42
Mar-26
162.95
157.80
80,632.55
71,774.13
  
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)

[page 46]
86
200
175
150
125
100
75
50
25
0
Share Price (`)
80000
60000
40000
20000
0
S&P BSE Sensex
Monthly Share Price vs. S&P BSE Sensex - Apr-2025 to Mar-2026
Apr-25
May-25
Jun-25
Jul-25
Aug-25
Sep-25
Oct-25
Nov-25
Dec-25
Jan-26
Feb-26
Mar-26
Month
Share Price High (`)
Share Price Low (`)
S&P BSE Sensex High
S&P BSE Sensex Low
 
 
Performance of the share price of the Company in comparison to NSE Nifty 50
Months
Share Price at NSE
             Nifty 50
High (INR)
Low (INR)
High (INR)
Low (INR)
Apr-25
167.90
162.00
24,396.15
24,198.75
May-25
181.97
174.00
24,863.95
24,717.40
June-25
198.70
194.54
25,669.35
25,473.30
July-25
177.70
172.40
24,956.50
24,635.00
Aug-25
196.00
187.05
24,572.45
24,404.70
Sep-25
199.55
190.71
24,731.80
24,587.70
Oct-25
184.08
181.06
25,953.75
25,711.20
Nov-25
169.96
159.42
26,280.75
26,172.40
Dec-25
186.79
184.35
26,187.95
25,969.00
Jan-26
202.61
185.90
25,370.70
25,213.65
Feb-26
201.20
195.76
25,476.40
25,141.30
Mar-26
162.72
158.00
22,714.10
22,283.85
250
200
150
100
50
0
Kross Limited vs NIfy 50 Bar Graph
Kross  Limited (High/Low)
NSE Nify 50 (High/Low)
Apr-25
May-25
Jun-25
Jul-25
Aug-39
Sep-25
Oct-25
Nov-25
Jan-26
Feb-26
Nifty
Share
28,000
22,000
20,000
18,000
12,000
2,000
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)
87
a
a
a
(x)  Register and Share Transfer Agent
 
Name: KFIN Technologies Limited
 
Registered Address: 301, The Centrium, 3rd Floor, 57, Lal Bahadur Shastri Road, Nav Pada, Kurla (West), Mumbai, 400 070, 
Maharashtra.
 
CIN: L72400MH2017PLC444072
 
Address for Correspondence / Operations Centre: Selenium Building, Tower-B, Plot No 31 & 32, Financial District, 
Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana, India - 500 032.
 
Email ID:   
 
 
 
 
 
einward.ris@kfintech.com
 
Toll Free / Phone Number:  
 
 
1800 309 4001
 
WhatsApp Number:   
 
 
 
(91) 910 009 4099
 
Investor Support Centre:   
 
 
https://kprism.kfintech.com/
 
KFINTECH Corporate Website:  
 
https://www.kfintech.com
 
RTA Website:   
 
 
 
 
https://ris.kfintech.com
 
KPRISM (Mobile Application):   
 
 https://kprism.kfintech.com/signup
 
RTA Search: 
 
 
 
 
 
https://www.registrarsassociation.com/search
QR code: 
Investor Support Centre:
KFINTECH Corporate website:
RTA Website:
RTA Search:
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)

[page 47]
88
Online application for Investor Query:
Members are hereby notified that our RTA , KFin Technologies Limited (Formerly known as KFin Technologies Private Limited), basis 
the SEBI Circular (SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/72 ) dated June 08, 2023, have launched an online application which 
can be accessed at https://ris.kfintech.com > Investor Services > Investor Support.
Members are requested to register / sign up, using the Name, PAN, Mobile and email ID. Post registration, user can login via OTP and 
execute activities like, raising Service Request, Query, Complaints, check for status, KYC details, Dividend, Interest, Redemptions, 
e-Meeting and e-Voting details.
Quick link to access the signup page: https://kprism.kfintech.com/signup
Senior Citizens - Investor Support
As part of the initiative, our RTA, in order to enhance the investor experience for Senior Citizens, a Senior Citizens investor cell has been 
newly formed to assist exclusively the Senior Citizens in redressing their grievances, complaints and queries. The special cell closely 
monitors the complaints coming from Senior Citizens through this channel and handholds them at every stage of the service request till 
closure of the grievance. 
Senior Citizens wishing to avail this service can send the communication with the below details to the email id, senior.citizen@kfintech.
com . Senior Citizens (above 60 years of age) have to provide the following details:
1.  
ID proof showing Date of Birth
2.  
Folio Number
3.  
Company Name
4.  
Nature of Grievance
A dedicated Toll-free number for Senior Citizens can also be accessed at 1-800-309-4006 for any queries or information
KPRISM Mobile App:
Mobile applications for all users to review their portfolio being managed by KFINTECH is available in Play store and App Store. User 
are requested to download the application and register with the PAN number. Post verification, user can use functionalities like – Check 
portfolio / holding, check IPO status / Demat / Remat, track general meeting schedules, download ISR forms, view the live streaming of 
AGM and contact the RTA with service request, grievance, and query. 
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)
89
a
a
a
QR Code to access KPRISM:
(xi)  Share Transfer System / Dividend and other related 
matters:
 
i.  
Share Transfers
 
 
 The Company’s registrar and share transfer agent is 
M/s. Kfin Technologies Limited (“RTA”) for dealing 
with the equity shares listed on NSE and BSE. 
All the requests relating to transfer, transmission, 
splitting of share certificates, dematerialisation and 
rematerialisation processing, payment of dividends 
etc. are done by the share transfer agent.
 
 
 Pursuant to the SEBI circular dated January 25, 
2022, securities of the Company shall be issued in 
dematerialized form only while processing service 
requests in relation to the issue of duplicate securities 
certificates, renewal/exchange of securities certificates, 
endorsement, sub-division/ splitting of securities 
certificate, consolidation of securities certificates/
folios, transmission and transposition. The Company’s 
equity shares are traded on the Stock Exchanges 
compulsorily in the demat mode segment. The 
Company has constituted Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee to deal with matters concerning the 
securities of the Company. 
 
 
 As per Regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations, as 
amended, securities of listed entities can be transferred 
only in dematerialized form, with effect from April 01, 
2019.
 
 
 Further, none of the shareholder is holding shares in 
physical form as on March 31, 2026.
 
ii.  
Physical Shareholding:
 
 
 The Company hereby informs the Members that as per 
SEBI Circular, effective from April 01, 2019 physical 
shares will not be transferred unless and until they are 
dematerialized. As on March 31, 2026, none of the 
member was holding shares in physical form.
 
iii.  Dividend:
 
 
a.  
 Payment of dividend through National Electronic 
Clearing Services (NECS)/National Automated 
Clearing (NACH): 
 
 
 
 The Company provides facility for remittance 
of dividend to the Members through NECS. 
To facilitate dividend payment through NECS/
NACH, members who hold Shares in demat 
mode should inform their Depository Participant 
and such of the members holding Shares in 
physical form should inform the Company of the 
core banking account number allotted to them by 
their bankers. In cases where the core banking 
account number is not intimated to the Company 
/ Depository Participant, the Company will issue 
Dividend Warrants to the Members.
 
 
b.  
Unclaimed Dividends:
 
 
 
 The Company is required to transfer dividends 
which have remained unpaid / unclaimed for a 
period of seven years to the Investor Education & 
Protection Fund established by the Government. 
There was no such amount to be transferred to 
Investor Education and Protection Fund.
 
iv.  Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit:
 
 
 As required by the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (SEBI), a Quarterly Reconciliation of 
Share Capital is being carried out by an independent 
Practicing Company Secretary with a view to 
reconcile the Total Share Capital admitted with 
National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) 
and held in physical form, with the Issued and Listed 
Capital of the Company. The Practicing Company 
Secretary’s Certificate with regard to this is submitted 
to BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited and was placed before Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee and the Board of Directors.
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)
(xii) Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2026
 
(a)  Shareholding pattern as on March 31, 2026:
Category
No. of Shares held
Total No. of Shares
% of total shares
Physical
Electronic
Promoters
-
4,38,00,903
4,38,00,903
67.8985
Resident Individuals
-
1,24,42,438
1,24,42,438
19.2878
Mutual Funds
-
29,43,402
29,43,402
4.5627
Foreign Portfolio - Corp
-
15,56,321
15,56,321
2.4125

[page 48]
90
Category
No. of Shares held
Total No. of Shares
% of total shares
Physical
Electronic
Alternative Investment Fund
-
9,46,357
9,46,357
1.467
H U F
-
4,67,943
4,67,943
0.7254
Promoter Group
-
4,00,000
4,00,000
0.6201
Non-Resident Indians
-
6,14,730
6,14,730
0.9529
Bodies Corporates
-
10,21,267
10,21,267
1.5831
Foreign Portfolio Investors
-
1,34,500
1,34,500
0.2085
Non-Resident Indian Non 
Repatriable
-
1,78,155
1,78,155
0.2762
NBFC
-
1,119
1,119
0.0017
Clearing Members
-
2,287
2,287
0.0035
Total
6,45,09,422
6,45,09,422
100
 
(b)  Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2026:
Category (Amount)
 No. of Shareholders
 No. of Shares
From
To
Number
% Total
Number
% Total
1
5,000
76,823
99.7119
1,02,38,294
15 .871 
5,001
10,000
120
0.1558
8,65,991
1 .3424 
10,001
20,000
48
0.0623
6,75,496
1 .0471 
20,001
30,000
17
0.0221
4,27,073
0 .662 
30,001
40,000
6
0.0078
2,11,754
0 .3283 
40,001
50,000
3
0.0039
1,34,777
0 .2089 
5,00,001
1,00,000
5
0.0065
3,77,862
0 .5857 
1,00,001
Above
23
0.0299
5,15,78,175
79 .9545 
Total
77045
100
6,45,09,422
100 
(xiii) Dematerialisation of Shares & Liquidity:
 
The Shares of the Company are compulsorily traded in demat form on the Stock Exchanges where they are listed. The Shares can be 
dematerialized with any one of the Depositories viz. National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) or Central Depository Services 
(India) Limited (CDSL).
 
The breakup of Equity Share capital held with depositories and in physical form as on March 31, 2026 is as follows: - 
Category
No. of shareholders
No. of Equity Shares
 % of Capital
Physical
0
0
0.00
NSDL
18,545
11461180
17.7667
CDSL
59,192
53048242
82.2333
Total
77,737
6,45,09,422
100.00
(xiv) Outstanding GDRs / ADRs /Warrants or any Convertible Instruments, conversion date and likely Impact on Equity:
 
The Company has not issued GDRs / ADRs / Warrants or any convertible instruments.
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)
91
a
a
a
(xv) Plant Locations of the Company
 
The Company has following Plant location as follows. The addresses are as given below:
SL No
Facility name and address
Type of facility & relevant processes
1
Unit I
Plot No M-4, Phase-VI,
Adityapur Industrial Area,
Gamharia, Jamshedpur
Manufacturing Facility
•  
Machining – CNC turning, VMC,
 
HMC Drilling, Hobbing, Induction
 
Hardening, Hardening Tempering,
 
Case Carburizing, Surface and Spline
 
Broaching, Milling, Grinding
•  
Quality Control
•  
Packing and Dispatch
2
Unit II
C-78, Phase-III, Adityapur  
Industrial Area, Gamharia, Jamshedpur
Forging Facility
•  
Upset Forging
3
Unit III
B 30-31 & C-78, Phase-III,
Adityapur Industrial Area,
Gamharia, Jamshedpur
Forging & Manufacturing Facility
•  
Press and upset forging
•  
Shot blasting
•  
Heat treatment
•  
Machining – CNC turning, Rolling,
 
Hobbing, Induction hardening, HMC
 
Drilling
•  
Quality control
•  
Packing and dispatch
4
Unit IV
M2(P) 4th Phase, Adityapur
Industrial Area, Gamharia,
Jamshedpur
Manufacturing Facility
•  
Machining
•  
Assembly unit
•  
Heat Treatment
5
Unit V
Plot no. NS-06, Phase 5, Adityapur 
Industrial Area, Gamharia, Jamshedpur
Manufacturing Facility
•  
Casting unit
6
Unit VI
E- 29, E- 30, E- 31(P) and E - 32 EMC 
Plot near Phase - VII, Vill - Hatiyadih 
Saraikela Kharsawan
Seamless Tube Manufacturing 
(Site under development)
(xvi) Address for Correspondence
 
The shareholders may address their communications/ suggestions/ grievances/ queries to:
 
Registered Office
 
Kross Limited (Unit I), Plot No M-4, Phase-VI,
 
Adityapur Industrial Area, Gamharia, Jamshedpur, Jharkhand
 
Email: investors@krossindia.com 
 
For all matters relating to investor relations please contact:
 
The Company Secretary & Compliance officer Kross Limited
 
Plot No M-4, Phase-VI, Adityapur Industrial Area, Gamharia, Jamshedpur, Jharkhand 
 
Tel: + 91 7280026478
 
Email: investors@krossindia.com
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)

[page 49]
92
(xvii) Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging activities
 
Based on the products manufactured or dealt with by the Company, the Company is not exposed to any material commodity price 
risks. The Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk mainly in respect of exposures relating to export orders. The Company 
remains substantially hedged through appropriate derivative instruments to minimise the risk and to take advantage of forward 
premium. The details of unhedged foreign currency exposures and hedging are disclosed in notes to the financial statements.
(xviii)Credit ratings obtained by the Company
 
 Company’s credit ratings were revised by India Ratings and Research Pvt Ltd on June 01, 2026. The ratings of the Company are as 
under:
Facilities
Amount (INR Mn)
Rating
Bank loan facilities
1,115
IND A/Stable/IND A1
Bank loan facilities
1,79.5
IND A/Stable/IND A1
6. 
OTHER DISCLOSURES
(a) Related Party Transactions
 
All transactions entered into with Related Parties as defined 
under the Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 and of 
SEBI LODR Regulations during the Financial Year 2025-
26 were in the Ordinary Course of Business and at Arms’ 
Length basis. Suitable disclosures as required under Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS-24) have been made in the 
Notes to the Financial Statements. The Company has also 
formed a Policy on Related Party Transactions which has 
been placed at the website of Company at https://www.
krosslimited.com/ 
 
The Company has not entered into any transaction with 
related parties i.e. Directors or Management, or relatives 
conflicting with the Company’s interest at large. The Register 
of Contracts containing transactions in which Directors are 
interested is placed before the Audit Committee / Board 
regularly. The details of Related Party Transactions are 
disclosed in Financial Section of this Annual Report.
(b) Compliance By the Company:
 
The Company has complied with all the mandatory 
requirements of the SEBI LODR Regulations after the 
regulations became applicable to the Company. Further, 
during the year ended March 31, 2026 from the date of 
listing i.e. September 16, 2024 no penalties were imposed 
or strictures were passed on the Company by the Stock 
Exchanges or SEBI or any Statutory Authority, on any 
matter related to capital markets.
 
The Company has complied with the requirements of the 
Stock Exchanges and Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (SEBI) including:
 
(i) 
 Corporate governance requirement as specified under 
Point C of Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
 
(ii)  Regulation 17 to 27 and clause (b) to (i) of Regulation 
46(2) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as applicable.
 
(iii)  Treatment as prescribed in the applicable Accounting 
Standards.
 
 
(i)  CODE OF CONDUCT:
 
 
 
 Company’s Board has laid down a Code of 
Conduct for all Board Members and Senior 
Management of the Company. The Code of 
Conduct is available on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed through following 
link https://www.krosslimited.com/ 
 
 
 
 The Code lays down the standard of conduct 
which is expected to be followed by the Board 
Members and the Senior Management of the 
Company in particular on matters relating to 
integrity at the work place, in business practices 
and in dealing with Stakeholders.
 
 
 
 All Board Members and Senior Management 
Personnel have affirmed compliance of the Code 
of Conduct. A declaration signed by Mr. Sudhir 
Rai, Chairman and Managing Director to this 
effect is enclosed at the end of this report.
 
 
(ii)  PROHIBITION OF INSIDER TRADING:
 
 
 
 In compliance with the SEBI (Prohibition of 
Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 as amended 
from time to time, the Company has framed 
a Code of Conduct to avoid insider trading. 
The Code of Conduct is applicable to all the 
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)
93
a
a
a
promoters, directors, designated persons and 
their immediate relatives, connected persons 
and such employees of the Company who are 
expected to have access to the unpublished price 
sensitive information relating to the Company. 
The Code lays down guidelines, which advises 
them on procedure to be followed and disclosures 
to be made, while dealing in the shares of the 
Company.
(c) 
Details of establishment of Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle 
Blower Policy
 
In compliance with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 
2013, the Company has formulated a Vigil Mechanism/
Whistle Blower Policy (Mechanism) for its Stakeholders, 
Directors and Employees to report concerns about unethical 
behaviour, actual or suspected fraud or violation of the 
Company’s Code of Conduct.
 
This Mechanism also provides for adequate safeguards 
against 
victimisation 
of 
Director(s) 
/ 
Employee(s) 
Stakeholders who avail the mechanism and also provide for 
direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee.
 
The Policy is available on the website of the Company. Any 
Stakeholder, who comes across any instances of unethical 
matters, can report the same by sending an email and by 
sending letters to the address mentioned in the said Policy.
 
During the year under review, no person was denied access 
to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee. The policy is 
available on the website of the Company at https://www.
krosslimited.com/ 
(d) Web Link where Policy for determining material 
subsidiaries is disclosed
 
Company does not have any subsidiary, and will formulate 
policy for determining material subsidiaries as and when 
required.
(e) 
Web link where policy on dealing with related party 
transactions is disclosed:
 
The Company has also formed a Policy on Related Party 
Transactions which has been placed at the website of 
Company https://www.krosslimited.com/.
(f) 
Details of utilisation of funds raised through preferential 
allotment or qualified institutions placement as specified 
under Regulation 32(7A) – 
 
No funds have been raised through preferential allotment 
or qualified institutions placement as specified under 
Regulation 32(7A) during the financial year ended on March 
31, 2026.
(g) Certificate from PCS regarding disqualification of 
Directors:
 
A certificate has been received from Mr. Sital Prasad Swain, 
Company Secretaries, Jamshedpur, a firm of Company 
Secretaries in practice that none of the Directors on the Board 
of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from 
being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies 
by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs, or any such statutory authority. The said 
certificate is enclosed with this report
(h) Recommendation of the Board’s Committees
 
All recommendations of the various committees were 
accepted by the Board.
(i) 
Details of total fees paid to Statutory Auditors
 
 Details of total fees for all services paid by the Company, on 
a consolidated basis, to the Statutory Auditors are provided 
under Note No. 31.1 to the Standalone financial statements.
(j) 
 Disclosure in relation to Sexual Harassment of Women at 
Workplace
 
The Company values the dignity of individuals and is 
committed to provide an environment, which is free of 
discrimination, intimidation and abuse. The Company has 
put in place a policy on redressal of Sexual Harassment and 
a Policy on redressal of harassment at workplace as per the 
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (“Sexual Harassment 
Act”). As per the policy, any employee may report his/ 
her complaint to the Redressal Committee formed for this 
purpose.
 
The Company has also constituted an Internal Complaints 
Committee to inquire into complaints of sexual harassment 
and recommendation for appropriate action.
 
No complaints have been filed/ disposed of/ pending during 
the financial year 2025-26.
(k) Disclosure of accounting treatment
 
These Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with 
Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as per the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) (Amendment) 
Rules, 2016 notified under Section 133 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) and other relevant provisions of the 
Act.
 
The previous year figures have been regrouped/ reclassified 
or restated as per Ind AS, so as to make the figures 
comparable with the figures of current year. The significant 
Accounting Policies which are consistently applied have 
been set out in the Notes to the Financial Statements.
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)

[page 50]
94
(l) 
CEO /CFO CERTIFICATION:
 
The CEO & Whole Time Director and the Chief Financial 
Officer of the Company have certified to the Board that the 
Financial Results of the Company for the year ended March 
31, 2026 do not contain any false or misleading statements 
or figures and do not omit any material facts which may 
make the statements or figures contained therein misleading 
as required by Regulations 33 of SEBI LODR Regulations. 
in terms of Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations 
is enclosed at the end of this Report.
(m) Disclosure of loans and advances in the nature of loans to 
firms/ companies in which directors are interested of the 
Company and subsidiaries
 
During the year, the Company has not provided any loans 
and advances in the nature of loans to firms/ companies in 
which directors are interested.
7. 
 ADOPTION 
OF 
DISCRETIONARY 
REQUIREMENTS
 
With respect to the discretionary requirements as per 
Regulation 27(1) and Part E of Schedule II to SEBI Listing 
Regulations, the Company has a Non-Executive Chairperson 
and the Company also has a record of unmodified audit 
opinion on the financial statements as is evident from the 
audit reports of previous financial years. The Company 
endeavors to continue the same.
8. 
NON-MANDATORY REQUEIRMENTS:
a)  
Shareholders’ Rights
 
As the quarterly and annual financial results were published 
in leading Newspapers having nation-wide circulation, 
the same are not sent to the Shareholders of the Company 
individually. However, the Financial Results and other 
significant information’s are uploaded on the Website of the 
Company.
b)  
Unmodified opinion in audit report. The Statutory 
Auditors of the Company have issued Audit Report on 
Audited Financial Results for year ended March 31, 2026 
with unmodified opinion. A declaration has been submitted 
to the stock exchanges as per Regulation 33(3)(d) of the 
Listing regulations.
c)  
Reporting of Internal Auditor: In accordance with the 
provisions of Section 138 of the Act, the Company has 
appointed an Internal Auditor who reports to the Audit 
Committee which reviews the audit reports and suggests 
necessary action.
9. 
 DISCLOSURE 
ON 
COMPLIANCE 
WITH 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENT
 
i.  
 The Company has complied with the requirements 
specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and Regulation 46 of 
Listing Regulations as applicable.
 
ii.  
 Compliance certificate by Practicing Company 
Secretary- Certificate from Mr. Sital Prasad Swain, 
Company Secretaries, Jamshedpur, a firm of Company 
Secretary in Practice, confirming compliance with 
conditions of Corporate Governance, as stipulated 
under Regulation 34 of the Listing Regulations, is 
attached to this report.
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTD.)
95
a
a
a
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI  
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To,
The Members of
Kross Limited
Jharkhand
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Kross Limited having 
CIN L29100JH1991PLC004465 and having registered office at M-4, Phase-VI, Gamharia, Adityapur Industrial Area, Jamshedpur, 
Jharkhand-832108  (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before me by the Company for the purpose of issuing this 
Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN) status 
at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to me by the Company & its officers, I hereby certify 
that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ending on  March 31, 2026 have been 
debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.
Sr. 
No.
Name of Director
DIN
Date of appointment in Company
1.
Sudhir Rai
00512423
May 09, 1991
2.
Anita Rai
00513329
May 09, 1991
3.
Sumeet Rai
02304257
April 01, 2008
4.
Kunal Rai
06863533
April 08, 2014
5.
Sanjiv Paul
00086974
October 26, 2023
6.
Gurvinder Singh Ahuja
08132223
October 26, 2023
7.
*Mukesh Kumar Agarwal
09046565
October 26, 2023
8.
Deepa Verma
10359047
October 26, 2023
*Mr. Mukesh Kumar Agarwal has ceased from the Board w.e.f  July 24, 2026 and Mr. Sharat Chandra Kumar is appointed on the board 
w.e.f  July 24, 2026   
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the 
Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the 
future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Place: Jamshedpur 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature: 
Date: July 24, 2026  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: Sital Prasad Swain
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Membership No.:  F6338
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CP No.: 6814
UDIN – F006338H001026610
P.R NO.- 6863/2025

[page 51]
96
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
(In terms of Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V (E) of SEBI  
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To, 
The Members
Kross Limited 
Jharkhand 
I have examined the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance by Kross Limited (‘the Company’) for the year ended on 
March 31, 2026, as stipulated under Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and para-C, D 
& E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(‘SEBI Listing Regulations’). 
The compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management. My examination was limited to the 
review of procedures and implementation thereof, as adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance with conditions of Corporate 
Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company. 
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the explanations given to me, and the representations made by the 
Directors and the management and considering the relaxations granted by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities and Exchange 
Board of India, I certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the SEBI Listing 
Regulations for the year ended March 31, 2026. 
I further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Date: July 24, 2026  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name: Sital Prasad Swain
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Membership No.:  F6338
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CP No.: 6814
UDIN – F006338H001026709 
P.R NO.- 6863/2025
97
a
a
a
CERTIFICATE BY THE CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR AND WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR (FINANCE) CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE COMPANY UNDER 
REGULATION 17(8) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (LISTING 
OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
We, Sudhir Rai, Chairman and Managing Director and Kunal Rai, Chief Financial Officer of Kross Limited as required under the Regulation 
17(8) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 to the best of our 
knowledge and belief, certify with respect to the financial results for the financial year ending March 31, 2026 as follows:
A.   We have reviewed the financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:
 
1)  
 these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be 
misleading.
 
2)  
 these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting 
standards, applicable laws and regulations.
B.   There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which are fraudulent, 
illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.
C.   We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated the 
effectiveness of internal control systems of the listed entity pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the auditors 
and the audit committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps 
they have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
D.  We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit committee:
 
1)  
significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;
 
2)  
 significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the financial 
statements; and
 
3)  
 Instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or an 
employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sudhir Rai
Kunal Rai
Place: Jamshedpur
Chairman and Managing Director
Whole Time Director (Finance) and CFO
Date: July 24, 2026
DIN: 00512423
DIN 06863533

[page 52]
98
DECLARATION ON COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE OF CONDUCT
As provided under Regulation 26(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Board 
Members and the Senior Management Personnel have confirmed compliance with the code of conduct of board of directors and senior 
management for the year ended March 31, 2026.
Sd/-
Sudhir Rai
Place: Jamshedpur
Chairman and Managing Director
Date: July 24, 2026
DIN: 00512423 
99
a
a
a
ANNUAL REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES 
(Pursuant to Rule-9 of Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014
1. 
 Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company. – “Kross acknowledges its responsibility towards society, a commitment clearly 
demonstrated through the initiatives it undertakes. Its CSR programme not only encompasses individuals directly associated with 
the Company, but also extends to the broader community, with special focus on residents in local areas. The Company’s vision and 
mission underscore its dedication to societal betterment through empowerment, value creation, and welfare activities. Furthermore, 
Kross pledges to extend its utmost support during times of critical need.”
2.  
Composition of CSR Committee:
Sl. 
No.
Name of Director
Designation / Nature of 
Directorship
Number of meetings of 
CSR Committee held 
during the year
Number of meetings of 
CSR Committee attended 
during the year
1.
Sudhir Rai
Executive Director
1
1
2.
Anita Rai
Executive Director
1
1
3.
Sumeet Rai*
Executive Director
1
1
4.
Deepa Verma 
Independent Director
1
1
5.
Mukesh Agarwal*
   Independent Director
1
0
*The CSR Committee meeting during the FY 2025-26 was held on  July 31, 2025, and there after the CSR committee re-constitution 
took place on  November 14, 2025 where Mr. Sumeet Rai was replaced by Mr. Mukesh Agarwal and further Mr Mukesh Agarwal 
ceased from the position of Independent Director on account of his resignation w.e.f. 24th July 2026, and Mr Sharat Chandra Kumar 
has been appointed in his place in the CSR Committee w.e.f 24th July 2026.
3. 
 Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed on 
the website of the Company: https://www.krosslimited.com/ 
4.  
 Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule 
(3) of rule 8, if applicable. Not Applicable
5.  
 Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social responsibility 
Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any - Not Applicable
Sl. 
No.
Financial Year
Amount available for set-off from 
preceding financial years (in INR)
Amount required to be set-off for the 
financial year, if any (in INR)
-
-
-
-
6.  
Average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5). - INR 567.97 Mn 
 
(a)  Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5) - INR 11.36 Mn
 
(b)  Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years. NA
 
(c)  Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any
 
(d)  Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c). – 11.36 Mn 
7. 
(a) 
CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:
Total Amount Spent for 
the Financial Year (INR 
in Mn)
Amount Unspent (in INR)
Total Amount transferred to 
Unspent CSR Account as per 
section 135 (6)
Amount transferred to any fund specified under 
Schedule VII as per second proviso to section 135 (5) 
Amount.
Date of transfer. Name of the Fund
Amount.
Date of transfer.
11.44
-
-
-
-
-
 
(b)  Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year: As per section 135(5) of the Companies Act, 
2013, inter alia, in every financial year, at least two percent of the average net profits of the Company made during the three 
immediately preceding financial years, in pursuance of its Corporate Social Responsibility Policy. 
ANNEXURE - 7

[page 53]
100
The Company has computed the CSR amount required to spend for the financial years 2024-25 to 2025-26 and is in the process of 
identifying the necessary projects and approval.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
(9)
(10)
(11)
Sl. 
No.
Name 
of the 
Project
Item from 
the list of 
activities 
in 
Schedule 
VII to the 
Act
Local 
area 
(Yes/
No)
Location of the 
project
Project 
duration
Amount 
allocated 
for the 
project 
(in INR)
Amount 
spent 
in the 
current 
financial 
Year (in 
INR)
Amount 
transferred to 
Unspent CSR 
Account for 
the project as 
per Section 
135(6)  
(in INR)
Mode of 
Implementation 
- Direct  
(Yes/No).
Mode of 
Implementation - 
Through Implementing 
Agency
State
District
Name
CSR 
Registration 
number
1.
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Total
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
(c) 
Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year:
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
Sl. 
No.
Name of the 
Project
Item from the 
list of activities 
in schedule VII 
to the Act
Local 
area 
(Yes/ 
No).
Location of the 
project.
Amount 
spent for 
the project 
(in INR)
Mode of 
implementation 
- Direct  
(Yes/No)
Mode of implementation - 
Through implementing agency.
State
District
Name.
CSR 
registration 
number
1.
Serving the 
needy people/
children
Eradicating 
Hunger 
No
Odisha / 
Bhubaneshwar
2,00,000
No
Gracious Aid 
Foundation
CSR00017353
2.
Contribution 
towards animal 
Operation 
Theatre
Animal Welfare
Yes
East Singhbhum 
/Jharkhand
5,00,000
No
The Stray 
Army 
Charitable 
Trust
CSR00063455
3
Masti Ki 
Pathshala 
Promoting 
education, 
including 
special 
education and 
employment 
enhancing 
vocation skills 
especially 
among children,
Yes
East Singhbhum 
/Jharkhand
32,82,510
No
Tata Steel 
Foundation 
CSR00001142
4
Development 
of girls from 
underprivileged 
or marginalized 
backgrounds
Empowering 
women
Yes
Seraikela/ 
Jharkhand
15,00,000
No
Hamari Ladoo 
Foundation
CSR00084384
5.
Ongoing 
contribution to 
public health 
and community 
welfare
Promoting 
health care
Yes
Jharkhand / East 
Singhbhum 
2,00,000
No
Voluntary 
Blood 
Donation 
Association
CSR00038352
6.
Promotion 
of ecological 
awareness and 
action among 
students
Environmental 
Sustainability 
Yes
Jharkhand 
/ East 
Singhbhum
8,00,000
No
Loyala, 
Jamshedpur
CSR00067066
ANNEXURE - 7 (CONTD.)
101
a
a
a
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
Sl. 
No.
Name of the 
Project
Item from the 
list of activities 
in schedule VII 
to the Act
Local 
area 
(Yes/ 
No).
Location of the 
project.
Amount 
spent for 
the project 
(in INR)
Mode of 
implementation 
- Direct  
(Yes/No)
Mode of implementation - 
Through implementing agency.
State
District
Name.
CSR 
registration 
number
7.
Providing 
NEET/JEE 
coaching to 
the Higher 
secondary 
students of 
Districts 
Government 
Schools
Promoting 
education
Yes
Seraikela 
Kharsawan / 
Jharkhand
30,00,000
Yes
Deputy 
Commissioner 
Office, 
Seraikela 
Kharsawan
NA
8.
Bala Painting in 
10 Anganwadi’s 
Promoting 
education
Yes
Seraikela 
Kharsawan / 
Jharkhand
9,61,845
Yes
District Social 
Welfare 
Officer, 
Seraikela 
Kharsawan 
NA
9
Donation of 
Two CNC 
Machine 
towards 
vocational 
training in the 
Government 
College 
Promoting 
education
Yes
Seraikela 
Kharsawan / 
Jharkhand
10,00,000
Yes
Superintendent 
of Labour 
- Saraikela 
Kharsawan
NA
Total
-
-
-
11,444,355
-
-
(d)  Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: Nil
(e)  Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: NA
(f)  Total amount spent for the Financial Year (8b+8c+8d+8e): Rs 11.44 Mn 
(g)  Excess amount for set off, if any: Nil
Sl. 
No.
Particular
Amount  
(INR In Mn)
(i)
Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5)
1,13,59,335
(ii)
Total amount spent for the Financial Year
1,14,44,355
(iii)
Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]
85,020
(iv)
Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years, 
if any
NIL
(v)
Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)]
85,020
8.  
(a)  Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years: 
Sl. 
No.
Preceding 
Financial Year.
Amount 
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR Account 
under section 
135 (6) (in 
INR)
Amount 
spent in the 
reporting 
Financial 
Year (in 
INR)
Amount transferred to any fund 
specified under Schedule VII as per 
section 135(6), if any.
Amount 
remaining to 
be spent in 
succeeding 
financial years. 
(In INR)
Remarks
Name of 
the Fund
Amount 
(INR in MN)
Date of 
transfer
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
ANNEXURE - 7 (CONTD.)

[page 54]
102
 
(b) Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year(s): NIL
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
(9)
Sl. 
No.
Project 
ID.
Name 
of the 
Project
Financial 
Year in 
which the 
project was 
commenced.
Project 
duration
Total 
amount 
allocated for 
the project 
(in INR)
Amount spent 
on the project 
in the reporting 
Financial Year 
(in INR)
Cumulative amount 
spent at the end of 
reporting Financial 
Year. (In INR)
Status 
of the 
project - 
Completed 
/Ongoing.
1
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
9.  
 In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired through CSR spent in 
the financial year: Nil
 
(asset-wise details)
 
(a) 
Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset(s).
 
(b) Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset.
 
(c) 
Details of the entity or public authority or beneficiary under whose name such capital asset is registered, their address etc.
 
(d) Provide details of the capital asset(s) created or acquired (including complete address and location of the capital asset).  
10.  Specify the reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend two percent of the average net profit as per section 135(5). NA
ANNEXURE - 7 (CONTD.)
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sudhir Rai
Kunal Rai
Place: Jamshedpur 
Chairman & Managing Director
Whole Time Director (Finance) and CFO
Date:  July 24, 2026
(DIN: 00512423)
(DIN: 06863533)

[page 55]
104
TO THE MEMBERS OF KROSS LIMITED
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements
OPINION
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of KROSS 
LIMITED (the “Company”), which comprises the Balance Sheet 
as at March 31, 2026, the Statement of Profit and Loss (including 
Other Comprehensive Income), Statement of Changes in Equity 
and Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended on that date, and 
notes to the financial statements, including a summary of material 
accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the aforesaid Financial Statements 
give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the 
“Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view 
in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed 
under section 133 of the Act, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the 
Company as at March 31, 2026, and profit, total comprehensive 
income, the changes in equity and its cash flows for the year 
ended on that date.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit of the Financial Statements in accordance 
with the Standards on Auditing (“SA”s) specified under section 
143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards 
are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the 
Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are 
independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of 
Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 
(“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant 
to our audit of the Financial Statements under the provisions of 
the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and 
the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence 
obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our opinion on the Financial Statements.
Emphasis of Matter
We draw attention to the Note 34 of the Financial Statements. We 
describe the favourable order from the Hon’ble Jharkhand High 
Court quashing the levy of electricity duty on net charges. The 
Company has disclosed this as a Contingent Asset pending the 
finality of the legal proceeding. Our opinion is not modified in 
this regard.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial 
statements for the year ended March 31, 2026. These matters were 
addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements, as 
a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, we do not provide a 
separate opinion on these matters.
We have determined the matters described below to be the key 
audit matters to be communicated in our report. We have fulfilled 
the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for 
the audit of the financial statements section of our report, including 
in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the 
performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment 
of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. 
The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures 
performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our 
audit opinion on the accompanying financial statements.
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
Key audit matter
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
(a) Revenue Recognition ( as described in Note 3.3(a) , Note 3.3(b) of the financial statements)
The Company’s revenue is derived primarily 
from sale of goods. The Company manufactures 
motor vehicles and automobile parts. Revenue 
from sale of goods is recognized at a point in 
time when control of the asset is transferred to 
the customer, generally when or as the company 
satisfies Incoterms by transfer of control of goods 
or services.
The timing of revenue recognition is relevant 
to the reported performance of the Company. 
Revenue recognition has been identified as a 
key audit matter due to its high susceptibility to 
management override of controls, performance-
linked compensation, and market pressures to 
meet expectations resulting in revenue being 
overstated or recognized before the control has 
been transferred.
Our procedures included the following:
- 
 Our audit procedures included the evaluation of the Company’s revenue 
recognition accounting policies and assessing compliance with the policies in 
terms of Ind AS 115.
- 
 We evaluated the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of key 
internal controls over recognition of revenue.
- 
 We tested on a sample basis, key customer contracts to identify terms and 
conditions relating to transfer of control.
- 
 On a sample basis, we tested the revenue transactions recorded during the year 
verifying the underlying documents to assess whether the revenue is recognized 
appropriately when control is transferred.
- 
 We tested, on a sample basis specific revenue transactions recorded closer 
to the year end after the financial year-end date to assess whether revenue is 
recognized in the correct period.
- 
 We performed analytical procedures to identify any unusual variances & 
corroborate the reasons for the same.
105
a
a
a
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other 
information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s 
Report including Annexures to Board’s Report, Business 
Responsibility Report, Corporate Governance and Shareholder’s 
Information, but does not include the financial statements and our 
auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the 
other information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Financial Statements, our 
responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent 
with the financial statements, or our knowledge obtained during 
the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially 
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude 
that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this 
regard.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND BOARD 
OF DIRECTORS FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters 
stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation 
of these Financial Statements that give a true and fair view of 
the financial position, financial performance, including other 
comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of the 
Company in accordance with accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, including Ind AS specified under section 
133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. This responsibility 
also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the 
assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds 
and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate 
implementation and maintenance of accounting policies; making 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to 
the preparation and presentation of the Financial Statement that 
give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the Financial Statements, management is responsible 
for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, 
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and 
using the going concern basis of accounting unless management 
either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or 
has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the 
company’s financial reporting process.
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF 
THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
the Financial Statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an 
auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance 
is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from 
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these Financial 
Statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
• 
 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the 
Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or error, design 
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and 
obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting 
a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than 
for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the 
override of internal control.
• 
 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the 
audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we 
are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether 
the company has internal financial controls with reference to 
Financial Statements in place and the operating effectiveness 
of such controls.
• 
 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
• 
 Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the 
going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going 
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to 
the related disclosures in the Financial Statements or, if 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTD.)

[page 56]
106
such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the 
date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions 
may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
• 
 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of 
the Financial Statements, including the disclosures, and 
whether the Financial Statements represent the underlying 
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair 
presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the Financial 
Statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it probable 
that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user 
of the Financial Statements may be influenced. We consider 
quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the 
scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; 
and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the 
Financial Statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, 
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and 
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships 
and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the financial statements for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2026 and are therefore the key 
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors report 
unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the 
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine 
that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected 
to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY 
REQUIREMENTS
1. 
 As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit 
we report that:
 
a) 
 We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit.
 
b) 
 In our opinion, proper books of account as required by 
law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears 
from our examination of those books.
 
c) 
 The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss 
including Other Comprehensive Income, Statement 
of Equity and the Statements of Cash Flow Statement 
dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the 
books of account.
 
d) 
 In our opinion, the aforesaid Financial Statements 
comply with the Ind AS specified under Section 133 of 
the Act.
 
e) 
 On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors as on 31st March, 2026 taken on 
record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors 
is disqualified as on 31st March, 2026 from being 
appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of 
the Act.
 
f) 
 With respect to the adequacy of the Internal Financial 
Control with reference to Financial Statements 
of the Company and the operating effectiveness 
of such controls, refer to our separate Report in 
“Annexure - A”. Our report expresses an unmodified 
opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness 
of the Company’s internal financial controls with 
reference to Financial Statements.
 
g) 
 With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements 
of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended:
 
 
 In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, the 
remuneration paid by the Company to its directors 
during the year is in accordance with the provisions of 
section 197(16) of the Act.
 
h) 
 With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 
as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations given to 
us:
 
 
i) 
 The Company has disclosed the impact of 
pending litigations on its financial position in 
its Financial Statements – Refer Note 34 to the 
Financial Statements.
 
 
ii) 
 The Company did not have any long-term 
contracts including derivative contracts for 
which there were any material foreseeable losses.
 
 
iii)  There were no amounts which were required 
to be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection fund as such the question of delay in 
transferring such sums does not arise.
 
 
iv) 
(a) 
 The Management has represented that, to the 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTD.)
107
a
a
a
best of its knowledge and belief, no funds 
(which are material either individually or 
in the aggregate) have been advanced or 
loaned or invested (either from borrowed 
funds or share premium or any other 
sources or kind of funds) by the Company 
to or in any other person or entity, including 
foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing 
or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest 
in other persons or entities identified in any 
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like 
on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
 
 
 
(b)  The Management has represented, that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have been 
received by the Company from any person 
or entity, including foreign entity (“Funding 
Parties”), with the understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or otherwise, that 
the Company shall, whether, directly or 
indirectly, lend or invest in other persons 
or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding 
Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide 
any guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
 
 
 
(c) 
 Based on the audit procedures that have 
been considered reasonable and appropriate 
in the circumstances, nothing has come to 
our notice that has caused us to believe 
that the representations under sub-clause 
(i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under 
(a) and (b) above, contain any material 
misstatement.
 
 
v) 
 The company had not declared or paid any 
dividend during the year, therefore compliance 
with section 123 of the Companies Act, 2013 is 
not applicable.
 
 
vi) 
 Based on our examination, which included test 
checks, the company has used an accounting 
software  for maintaining its books of account, 
which has a feature of recording audit trail 
(edit log) facility and the same has operated 
throughout the year for all relevant transaction 
in the software. Further, during the course of 
our audit we did not come across any instance 
of audit trial feature being tampered with. The 
company has preserved audit trail log as per the 
statutory requirement of record retention and 
were available for audit.
2. 
 As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 
2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government 
of India in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, we give in the Annexure “B”, a 
statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of 
the Order, to the extent applicable.
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTD.)
For S K Naredi & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Regn Number : 003333C/C400397
(Abhishek Agarwal)
Partner
M No: 414050
UDIN: 26414050QRAQGDI1388
Place: Jamshedpur, India
Date: May 12, 2026

[page 57]
108
(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal 
and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the 
Members of Kross Limited of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to 
Financial Statements under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of 
Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to 
Financial Statements of KROSS LIMITED (the “Company”) as 
at March 31, 2026 in conjunction with our audit of the financial 
statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR INTERNAL 
FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and 
maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control 
over financial reporting criteria established by the Company 
considering the essential components of internal control stated 
in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (‘ICAI’). These responsibilities include the 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the 
orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence 
to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention 
and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable 
financial information, as required under the Act.
AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s 
internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our 
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial 
Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, 
issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) 
of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of 
internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal 
Financial Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. Those Standards and the Guidance Note 
require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting 
was established and maintained and if such controls operated 
effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence 
about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit 
of internal financial controls over financial reporting included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The 
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including 
the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the 
Company’s internal financial controls system over financial 
reporting.
MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS 
OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is 
a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial 
control over financial reporting includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, 
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions 
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide 
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary 
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance 
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; 
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition 
of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the 
financial statements.
INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL 
CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls 
over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion 
or improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to 
the risk that the internal financial control over financial reporting 
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that 
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
109
a
a
a
OPINION
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, 
an adequate internal financial controls system over financial 
reporting and such internal financial controls over financial 
reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2026, based 
on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established 
by the Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India.
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTD.)
For S K Naredi & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Regn Number : 003333C/C400397
(Abhishek Agarwal)
Partner
M No: 414050
UDIN: 26414050QRAQGDI1388
Place: Jamshedpur, India
Date: May 12, 2026

[page 58]
110
(Referred to in paragraph 2 under ‘Report on Other Legal 
and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the 
Members of Kross Limited of even date)
To the best of our information and according to the 
explanations provided to us by the Company and the books of 
account and records examined by us in the normal course of 
audit, we state that:
i. 
 In respect of the Company’s Property, Plant and Equipment 
and Intangible Assets:
 
(a) 
 (A)  The Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars, including quantitative 
details and situation of Property, Plant and 
Equipment and relevant details of right-of-use 
assets.
 
 
(B)  The Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars of intangible assets.
 
(b)   As explained to us all the fixed assets have been 
physically verified by the management during the 
year and there is a regular programme of verification 
which, in our opinion, is reasonable having regard to 
the size of the company and the nature of its assets. As 
informed to us no materials discrepancies were noticed 
on such verification.
 
(c) 
 Based on our examination of the property tax receipts 
and lease agreement for land on which building is 
constructed, registered sale deed / transfer deed / 
conveyance deed provided to us, we report that, the 
title in respect of self-constructed buildings and title 
deeds of all other immovable properties (other than 
properties where the company is the lessee and the 
lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the 
lessee), disclosed in the financial statements included 
under Property, Plant and Equipment are held in the 
name of the Company as at the balance sheet date.
 
(d)  The Company has not revalued any of its Property, 
Plant and Equipment (including right-of-use assets) 
and intangible assets during the year.
 
(e) 
 No proceedings have been initiated during the year or 
are pending against the Company as at March 31, 2026, 
for holding any benami property under the Benami 
Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as amended in 
2016) and rules made thereunder.
ii. 
(a) 
 As explained to us, the management has conducted 
physical verification of inventory at reasonable 
intervals during the year. In our opinion, the coverage 
and procedure of such verification by the management 
is appropriate and there is no discrepancies of 10% or 
more in the aggregate for each class of inventory were 
noticed .
 
(b)  The Company has sanctioned working capital limits 
in excess of Rs. 50 millions, in aggregate, at any 
points of time during the year, from banks or financial 
institutions on the basis of security of current assets 
of the company. The quarterly returns/statements filed 
by the Company with such banks are not in agreement 
with the books of accounts of the Company and the 
same has been disclosed in Note - 48 of the Financial 
Statement.
iii. 
 The Company has not provided any guarantee or security 
or granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans, 
secured or unsecured, to companies, firms, Limited Liability 
Partnerships or any other parties during the year. However, 
the company has made investments during the year.
 
 During the year , the company has not provided any loan or 
advances in the nature of loans to any party. Accordingly 
reporting under clause 3 (iii)(a), 3(c), 3(d), 3(e) & 3(iii) (f) 
of the Order is not applicable.
 
(b)  The company has not provided any guarantee or given 
any security during the year. The investment made are 
not, prima facie, prejudicial to the Company’s interest.
iv. 
 In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanation given to us the Company has complied with the 
provisions of Section 186 of the Act in respect of investment 
made. Further ,the Company has not entered into any 
transaction covered under section 185 and section 186 of the 
Act in respect of loans, guarantees and security.
v. 
 The Company has not accepted any deposit or amounts 
which are deemed to be deposits. Hence, reporting under 
clause 3(v) of the Order is not applicable.
vi.   The Central Government has specified maintenance of cost 
records under sub-section (1) of section 148 of the Act in 
respect of the products of the Company. We have broadly 
reviewed the books of account maintained by the Company 
pursuant to the Rules made by the Central Government 
for the maintenance of cost records and are of the opinion 
that, prima facie, the prescribed accounts and records have 
been made and maintained. However, we have not made 
a detailed examination of the cost records with a view to 
determine whether they are accurate or complete.
vii. In respect of statutory dues:
 
(a)   In our opinion, the Company has generally been regular 
in depositing undisputed statutory dues, including 
Goods and Services tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ 
State Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, 
duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, 
Cess and other material statutory dues applicable to it 
with the appropriate authorities.
ANNEXURE ‘‘B’’ TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
111
a
a
a
 
 There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, 
Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and other material statutory dues as at 
March 31, 2026, for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable.
(b) The dues of goods and services tax, income tax, duty of excise that have not been deposited on account of any dispute, are as follows:
Name of the Statue
Nature of dues
Amount in 
millions
Period to which the 
amount relates
Forum where dispute is pending
Income Tax Act 1961
Income Tax
16.99
FY 2012-13
ITAT Ranchi*
Central Goods and Services Tax 
Act, 2017
Cenvat Tran-1
3.47
FY 2017-18
Assistant Commissioner of Goods & 
Service Tax
Central Goods and Services Tax 
Act, 2017
Excise Duty
0.65
Apr 15-June 17
CGST & Central Excise, Adityapur-V
Central Goods and Services Tax 
Act, 2017
Excise Duty
6.94
Dec 11-June 17
CGST & Central Excise, Adityapur, 
Division-III
Central Goods and Services Tax 
Act, 2017
Excise Duty
20.07
Apr 07-June 17
CGST & Central Excise, Adityapur, 
Division-III
 
 Other than above, there are no dues of provident fund, employees’ state insurance, sales-tax, service tax, custom duty, value added 
tax, cess, and other statutory dues which have not been deposited on account of any dispute.
 
*The impact/effect of ITAT, Ranchi Bench order still to be received.
viii.  According to the information and explanations given to us, there were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that 
have been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961).
ix. 
(a)   In our opinion, the Company has not defaulted in the repayment of loans or other borrowing or in the payment of interest 
thereon from any lender.
 
(b)  The Company has not been declared defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any government authority.
 
(c) 
 In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, money raised by way of term loans were applied 
for the purposes for which these were obtained.
 
(d)   In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, and on an overall examination of the financial 
statements of the Company, funds raised by the Company on short term basis have not been utilized for long-term purposes.
 
(e)   On an overall examination of the Financial statements of the Company, provision of Clause (ix)(e) of the order is not applicable 
since the company does not have any associates, subsidiaries or Joint Venture.
 
(f)   On an overall examination of the Financial statements of the Company, provision of Clause (ix)(f) of the order is not applicable 
since the company does not have any associates, subsidiaries or Joint Venture.
ANNEXURE ‘‘B’’ TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTD.)

[page 59]
112
x.  
(a)   In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, money raised by way of initial public offer during 
the year were applied for the purposes for which those are raised, as detailed below:
Nature of the 
funds raised
Purpose for which funds were 
raised
Total amount 
to be utilised 
(Rs. in 
millions)
 Amount utilised 
for the purpose 
(Rs. in millions)
Unutilized (Excess 
Utilized) balance 
as at Balance Sheet 
date *
Details of 
deviations
(A)
(B)
(A-B)
Initial Public 
Offer
Towards funding of Capital 
Expenditure
700.00
700.00
-
-
Repayment / prepayment in part 
or full of certain of the borrowings 
availed by the company
900.00
900.00
-
-
Funding working capital 
requirements of the Company
300.00
300.00
-
-
General corporate purpose
469.19
469.19
-
-
Total (A)
2369.19
2369.19
-
-
Offer expenses (B)
130.81
130.81
-
-
Total (A + B)
2,500.00
2500.00
-
-
 
 
* The Closing Balance in the Monitoring Agency Account at the end of 31st March, 2026 is NIL.
 
(b)   During the year, the Company has not made any 
preferential allotment or private placement of shares 
or convertible debentures (fully or partly or optionally) 
and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(b) of the Order 
is not applicable.
xi. 
(a)   No fraud by the Company and no material fraud on the 
Company has been noticed or reported during the year.
 
(b)   No report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of 
the Companies Act has been filed in Form ADT - 4 
as prescribed under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and 
Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government, 
during the year and upto the date of this report.
 
(c) 
 According to the information and explanations given 
to us, including the representation made to us by the 
management of the Company, there are no whistle-
blower complaints received by the Company during 
the year.
xii.  The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting 
under clause (xii) of the Order is not applicable.
xiii.   In our opinion, the Company is in compliance with Section 
177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 with respect to 
applicable transactions with the related parties and the 
details of related party transactions have been disclosed 
in the financial statements as required by the applicable 
accounting standards.
xiv. (a) 
 In our opinion and according to the information & 
explanation given to us , the Company has an internal 
audit system as required under section 138 of the Act 
which is commensurate with the size and the nature of 
its business.
 
(b)  We have considered the reports issued by the Internal 
Auditors of the company till date for the period under 
audit.
xv.  In our opinion during the year the Company has not entered 
into any non-cash transactions with its Directors or persons 
connected with its directors. and hence provisions of section 
192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable to the 
Company.
xvi. (a)   In our opinion, the Company is not required to be 
registered under section 45- IA of the Reserve Bank of 
India Act, 1934. Hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)
(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable.
 
(d)   In our opinion, there is no core investment company 
within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment 
Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) and 
accordingly reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the 
Order is not applicable.
xvii.  The Company has not incurred cash losses during the 
financial year covered by our audit and the immediately 
preceding financial year.
xviii.  There has been no resignation of the statutory auditor of the 
Company during the year . Accordingly, the provision stated 
under clause 3 (xviii) of the order is not applicable to the 
Company.
xix.  On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates 
of realization of financial assets and payment of financial 
ANNEXURE ‘‘B’’ TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTD.)
113
a
a
a
liabilities, other information accompanying the financial 
statements and our knowledge of the Board of Directors 
and Management plans and based on our examination of the 
evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to 
our attention, which causes us to believe that any material 
uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report indicating 
that Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities 
existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall 
due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. 
We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the 
future viability of the Company. We further state that our 
reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit 
report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance 
that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from 
the balance sheet date will get discharged by the Company 
as and when they fall due.
xx. (a) 
 There are no unspent amounts towards Corporate 
Social Responsibility (CSR) and therefore company is 
not required to transfer to a Fund Specified in Schedule 
VII to the Companies Act in compliance with the 
second proviso to sub-section (5) of section 135 of the 
said Act . Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xx)(a) 
of the Order is not applicable for the year.
 
(b)  There is no ongoing project and no remaining amount 
unspent under sub-section (5) of section 135 of the 
companies Act, and therefore no amount is required to 
transfer to special account in
 
 
 compliance with the provision of sub-section (6) of 
section 135 of the said Act. Accordingly, reporting 
under clause 3(xx)(b) of the Order is not applicable for 
the year.
xxi.  The Company is not required to prepare Consolidated 
Financial Statements. Accordingly, reporting under clause 
3(xxi) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
ANNEXURE ‘‘B’’ TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTD.)
For S K Naredi & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Regn Number : 003333C/C400397
(Abhishek Agarwal)
Partner
M No: 414050
UDIN: 26414050QRAQGDI1388
Place: Jamshedpur, India
Date: May 12, 2026

[page 60]
114
BALANCE SHEET 
AS AT MARCH 31, 2026
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise)
Particulars
Notes
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Assets
(1) Non Current Assets  
 
(a)  Property, plant and equipment  
4
 2,057.08 
 1,307.84 
 
(b)  Capital work in progress  
4
 160.00 
 5.50 
 
(c)  Right of use assets   
5
 12.14 
 12.06 
 
(d)  Other intangible assets  
6
 5.15 
 4.30 
 
(e)  Financial assets  
 
 
(i)  Investments  
7
 49.62 
 49.62 
 
 
(ii)  Other financial assets   
8
 46.02 
 62.44 
 
(f) 
Other non-current assets  
9
 466.64 
 439.47 
Total Non-current assets   
 2,796.64 
 1,881.22 
(2)  Current Assets  
 
(a)  Inventories  
10
 1,055.54 
 985.50 
 
(b)  Financial assets  
 
 
(i) 
Investments 
7
 16.39 
 10.96 
 
 
(ii) Trade receivables  
11
 1,971.69 
 1,819.18 
 
 
(iii) Cash and cash equivalents  
12
 44.40 
 828.43 
 
 
(iv) Other bank balance (Other than (iii) above)  
13
 192.95 
 14.35 
 
 
(v) Other financial assets  
8
 1.98 
 2.01 
 
(c) 
Other current assets  
9
 304.30 
 191.19 
Total current assets
 3,587.25 
 3,851.62 
Total Assets [1+2]   
 6,383.89 
 5,732.84 
Equity and Liabilities  
(1) Equity  
 
(a) 
Equity share capital  
14
 322.55 
 322.55 
 
(b) Other equity  
15
 4,575.10 
 4,022.48 
Total equity
 4,897.65 
 4,345.02 
Liabilities
(2) Non-current liabilities  
 
(a) 
Financial liabilities  
 
 
(i) 
Borrowings  
16
 291.42 
 53.26 
 
 
(ii) Lease liabilities   
5
 10.28 
 10.07 
 
(b) Long-term provisions  
17
 50.76 
 51.49 
 
(c) 
Deferred tax liabilities (Net)  
19
 96.29 
 74.13 
Total Non-current liabilities   
 448.75 
 188.96 
(3)  Current liabilities  
 
(a) 
Financial liabilities  
 
 
(i) 
Borrowings  
16
 232.23 
 273.36 
 
 
(ii) Lease liabilities  
5
 3.29 
 2.83 
 
 
(iii) Trade payables  
20
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises  
 83.29 
 105.29 
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises  
 514.70 
 568.31 
 
 
(iv) Other financial liabilities  
21
 124.73 
 117.11 
 
(b)  Other current liabilities  
23
 45.46 
 91.63 
 
(c) 
Short-term provisions  
17
 7.45 
 5.73 
 
(d) Current tax liabilities (Net)  
22
 26.35 
 34.59 
Total current liabilities   
 1,037.50 
 1,198.86 
Total Equity and Liabilities [1+2+3]
 6,383.89 
 5,732.84 
See accompanying Notes 1 to 62  to the Financial Statements 
As per our report of even date attached
For S K Naredi & Co. LLP
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants
KROSS LIMITED
ICAI Firm Regn Number : 003333C/C400397
CIN : L29100JH1991PLC004465
Abhishek Agarwal
Sudhir Rai
Anita Rai
Partner
Chairman & Managing Director
Whole Time Director
M No: 414050
DIN: 00512423
DIN: 00513329
Kunal Rai
Debolina Karmakar
Jamshedpur, India
Whole Time Director & CFO
Company Secretary
May 12, 2026
DIN: 06863533
M No: ACS62738
115
a
a
a
For S K Naredi & Co. LLP
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants
KROSS LIMITED
ICAI Firm Regn Number : 003333C/C400397
CIN : L29100JH1991PLC004465
Abhishek Agarwal
Sudhir Rai
Anita Rai
Partner
Chairman & Managing Director
Whole Time Director
M No: 414050
DIN: 00512423
DIN: 00513329
Kunal Rai
Debolina Karmakar
Jamshedpur, India
Whole Time Director & CFO
Company Secretary
May 12, 2026
DIN: 06863533
M No: ACS62738
STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise)
Particulars
Notes
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(1)  Revenue from operations
24
 6,732.01
 6,204.10
(2) Other income
25
 42.48
 52.71
(3) Total Income (1) + (2)
 6,774.49
 6,256.82
(4) Expenses
 
(a) 
Cost of Materials Consumed
26
 3,644.74
 3,523.42
 
(b) Changes in inventories of finished products and work in progress
27
 10.02
 15.89
 
(c) 
Employee benefits expense
28
 394.07
 345.40
 
(d) Finance costs
29
 80.70
 122.86
 
(e) 
Depreciation and amortization expense
30
 90.83
 68.46
 
(f) 
Other expense
31
 1,803.71
 1,506.89
Total Expenses (4)
 6,024.07
 5,582.93
(5) Profit before tax (3) - (4)
 750.42
 673.89
(6) Tax Expense
 
(a) 
Current tax
 
 
(i) 
Current tax
18
 175.12
 164.17
 
 
(ii) Current tax for the earlier years
 1.16
 14.12
 
(b) Deferred tax
 
 
(i) 
Deferred tax
19
 22.00
 15.32
Total tax expense (6)
 198.27
 193.62
(7) Profit for the year (5) - (6)
 552.14
 480.27
(8) Other comprehensive income/ (loss)
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
 
(a) 
Remeasurement of the employees defined benefit plans
 0.64
 (2.20)
 
(b)  Income tax relating to above items
 
 (0.16)
 0.55
Total other comprehensive income (8)
 0.48
 (1.65)
(9) Total comprehensive income for the year (7 + 8)
 552.62
 478.62
(10) Earnings per equity share (Face value of share of INR 5 each)
Basic
32
 8.56
 8.04
Diluted
32
 8.56
 8.04
See accompanying Notes 1 to 62  to the Financial Statements 
As per our report of even date attached 

[page 61]
116
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise)
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(A) Cash flows from operating activities
 
Profit before tax
 750.42
 673.89
 
Adjustments for:
 
Depreciation and amortization expense
 90.83
 68.46
 
Finance costs
 80.70
 122.86
 
Allowances for expected credit loss
 -
 0.93
 
Unwinding of interest on long term security deposit
 (0.09)
 (0.09)
 
 Net fair value gains on financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through 
profit or loss
 0.57
 (0.03)
 
(Profit)/Loss on sale of property, plant and equipments
 0.76
 (0.44)
 
(Profit)/Loss on revocation of RoU
 -
 
Interest Income
 (29.55)
 (38.94)
 
Operating profit before changes in non current/ current assets and liabilities
 893.65
 826.65
 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities
 
(Increase)/Decrease in Inventories
 (70.04)
 (150.32)
 
(Increase)/Decrease in Other non-current financial assets
 16.50
 (31.10)
 
(Increase)/Decrease in Trade receivables
 (152.51)
 (721.73)
 
(Increase)/Decrease in Other current financial assets
 0.03
 (0.26)
 
(Increase)/Decrease in Other current assets
 (113.11)
 46.32
 
Increase/(Decrease) in Provisions
 0.99
 1.82
 
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade payables
 (75.62)
 186.10
 
Increase/(Decrease) in Other current financial liabilities
 7.61
 37.88
 
Increase/(Decrease) in Other current liabilities
 (46.16)
 (13.08)
 
Cash generated from/ (used in) operations
 461.33
 182.26
 
Direct Taxes Paid
 (183.81)
 (95.91)
Net cash flow from/ (used in) operating activities
 277.52
 86.35
(B) Cash flows from investing activities
 
Purchase of Property, plant and equipment (including CWIP)
 (995.35)
 (272.68)
 
Purchase of Intangible assets (incl. RoU)
 (6.42)
 (10.88)
 
Proceeds from sale of Property, plant and equipment
 4.71
 0.71
 
(Increase)/Decrease in Other non current assets
 (27.17)
 (406.94)
 
Interest Received
 29.55
 38.94
 
Term deposits (placed) / matured (net)
 (178.60)
 34.22
 
Investment in shares
 -
 (49.32)
 
Investment in mutual fund
 (6.00)
 (5.62)
Net cash flow from/ (used in) investing activities
 (1,179.27)
 (671.58)
(C) Cash flows from financing activities
 
Proceeds from Long-term borrowings
 280.35
 83.95
 
Repayment of Long-term borrowings
 (42.20)
 (255.94)
 
Proceeds from / (repayment) of short-term borrowings (net)
 (41.13)
 (672.43)
 
Proceeds from initial public offering
 -
 2,317.10
 
Increase in lease liabilities
 (0.84)
 3.64
 
Other interest payments
 (78.47)
 (119.22)
117
a
a
a
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026 (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise)
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Net cash flow from/ (used in) financing activities
 117.72
 1,357.11
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)
 (784.03)
 771.88
 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
 828.43
 56.55
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
 44.40
 828.43
Components of Cash and Cash equivalents
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Cash in hand
 5.05 
 7.61 
Balances with bank in current accounts
 39.34 
 16.48 
Balances with bank in deposit accounts
 - 
 804.34 
 44.40 
 828.43 
As per our report of even date attached 
For S K Naredi & Co. LLP
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants
KROSS LIMITED
ICAI Firm Regn Number : 003333C/C400397
CIN : L29100JH1991PLC004465
Abhishek Agarwal
Sudhir Rai
Anita Rai
Partner
Chairman & Managing Director
Whole Time Director
M No: 414050
DIN: 00512423
DIN: 00513329
Kunal Rai
Debolina Karmakar
Jamshedpur, India
Whole Time Director & CFO
Company Secretary
May 12, 2026
DIN: 06863533
M No: ACS62738

[page 62]
118
A. 
EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
Particulars
Notes
No. of Shares
Amount
Balance as at March 31, 2024 
14
 54,092,756 
 270.46 
Changes in equity share capital due to prior period item  
 - 
 - 
Changes in equity share capital during the year 
 10,416,666 
 52.08 
Balance as at March 31, 2025 
14
 64,509,422 
 322.55 
Changes in equity share capital due to prior period item  
 - 
 - 
Changes in equity share capital during the year 
 - 
 - 
Balance as at March 31, 2026 
14
 64,509,422 
 322.55 
B.  OTHER EQUITY
Particulars
Notes
Reserves & Surplus
Total
Retained 
Earnings
General 
Reserve
Security 
Premium
Balance as at March 31, 2024 
15
 1,197.59 
 - 
 -  1,197.59 
Profit for the year 
 480.27 
 - 
 - 
 480.27 
Changes in equity share capital due to prior period item  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Securities premium on fresh issue of shares 
 - 
 - 
 2,447.92  2,447.92 
Securities premium utilized during the year 
 - 
 - 
 (130.81)
 (130.81)
Other Comprehensive Income/ (loss) for the year 
 (1.65)
 - 
 - 
 (1.65)
Transfer from Securities Premium Reserves 
 29.17 
 - 
 - 
 29.17 
Balance as at March 31, 2025 
15
 1,705.37 
 - 
 2,317.10  4,022.48 
Profit for the period 
 552.14 
 - 
 - 
 552.14 
Changes in equity share capital due to prior period item  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Securities premium on fresh issue of shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Securities premium utilized during the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Other Comprehensive Income for the year 
 0.48 
 - 
 - 
 0.48 
Transfer from Securities Premium Reserves 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Balance as at March 31, 2026 
15
 2,257.99 
 - 
 2,317.10  4,575.10 
For S K Naredi & Co. LLP
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants
KROSS LIMITED
ICAI Firm Regn Number : 003333C/C400397
CIN : L29100JH1991PLC004465
Abhishek Agarwal
Sudhir Rai
Anita Rai
Partner
Chairman & Managing Director
Whole Time Director
M No: 414050
DIN: 00512423
DIN: 00513329
Kunal Rai
Debolina Karmakar
Jamshedpur, India
Whole Time Director & CFO
Company Secretary
May 12, 2026
DIN: 06863533
M No: ACS62738
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise)
119
a
a
a
1 
GENERAL INFORMATION
 
 Kross Limited is a public limited company registered in 
Jharkhand, India under the provisions of the erstwhile 
Companies Act, 1956. The Company is engaged in 
manufacturing of critical components for commercial 
vehicles and Tractors. The Company sepcializes in 
manufacturing of trailer axles and other components for 
automotive industry.
 
(CIN: L29100JH1991PLC004465 & ISIN : INE0O6601022)
 
 Registered Office : M-4, Phase-VI, Gamharia, Adityapur 
Industrial 
Area, 
Jamshepdur, 
Gamharia, 
Seraikela-
kharsawan, Seraikella Kharsawan, Jharkhand, India, 832108
 
 The Company had completed its Initial Public Offering 
(‘IPO’) during the month of September, 2024. The equity 
shares of the Company were listed on National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and Bombay Stock 
Exchange Limited (BSE).
2 
BASIS OF PREPARATION
2.1 Statement of Compliance
 
 The financial statements comply with all material aspect of 
Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under section 
133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) [Companies 
(Indian Accounting standards) Rule, 2015] and other 
relevant provisions of the Act.
2.2 Functional and presentation currency
 
 These financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees 
(INR), which is also the Company’s functional currency. All 
amounts have been rounded-off to the nearest millions upto 
two decimal, unless otherwise stated.
2.3 Basis of measurement
 
 These Historical Audited Financial Statements have been 
prepared on the historical cost basis except certain financial 
assets and liabilities which are measured at fair values.
2.4 Use of estimates and critical accounting judgements
 
 In the preparation of the financial statements, the Company 
makes judgements, estimates and assumptions about the 
carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily 
apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated 
assumptions are based on historical experience and other 
factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results 
may differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying 
assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to 
accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which 
the estimate is revised and future periods affected.
 
 Key source of estimation of uncertainty at the date of the 
financial statements, which may cause material adjustment 
to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the 
next financial year are provided below:
 
(a)  Property, plant and equipment and intangible 
assets – useful lives
 
 
 Property, plant and equipment represents a significant 
proportion of the asset base of the Company. The 
charge in respect of periodic depreciation is derived 
after determining an estimate of an asset’s expected 
useful life and the expected residual value at the end 
of its life. The useful lives and residual values of the 
Company’s assets are determined by the Management 
at the time the asset is acquired and reviewed 
periodically, including at the end of each reporting 
period. The lives are based on historical experience 
with similar assets.
 
(b) Assets and obligations relating to employee benefits
 
 
 The cost of the defined benefit gratuity plan and the 
present value of the gratuity obligation are determined 
using actuarial valuations. An actuarial valuation 
involves making various assumptions that may differ 
from actual developments in the future. These include 
the determination of the discount rate; future salary 
increases and mortality rates. Due to the complexities 
involved in the valuation and its long-term nature, a 
defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes 
in these assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at 
each reporting date.
 
(c) 
 Lease classification, termination and renewal 
option of leases
 
 
 Ind AS 116, Leases requires lessees to determine the 
lease term as the non-cancellable period of a lease 
adjusted with any option to extend or terminate 
the lease, if the use of such option is reasonably 
certain. The Company makes an assessment on the 
expected lease term on a lease-by-lease basis and 
thereby assesses whether it is reasonably certain that 
the Company will continue the lease beyond non-
cancellable period and whether any options to extend or 
terminate the contract will be exercised. In evaluating 
the lease term, the Company considers factors such as 
any significant leasehold improvements undertaken 
over the lease term, costs relating to the terminating 
the lease and the importance of the underlying asset 
to Company’s operations taking in to account the 
location of the underlying asset and the availability of 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026

[page 63]
120
suitable alternatives. The lease term in future periods 
is reassessed to ensure that the lease term reflects the 
current economic circumstances. After considering 
current and future economic conditions, the Company 
has concluded that no material changes are required to 
lease period relating to the existing lease contracts.
2.5 Measurement of fair values
 
 A number of the Company’s accounting policies and 
disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both 
financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.
 
 The Company has an established control framework with 
respect to the measurement of fair values. The Company 
regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and 
valuation adjustments. If third party information is used to 
measure fair values, then the Company assesses the evidence 
obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that 
these valuations meet the requirements of Ind AS, including 
the level in the fair value hierarchy in which the valuations 
should be classified.
 
 Fair values are categorized into different levels in a fair 
value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation 
techniques as follows:
 
- 
 Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets 
for identical assets or liabilities.
 
- 
 Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in 
Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, 
either directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived 
from prices).
 
- 
 Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not 
based on observable market data (unobservable 
inputs).
 
 When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the 
Company uses observable market data as far as possible. If 
the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or a 
liability fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, 
then the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety 
in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest 
level input that is significant to the entire measurement. 
The Company recognizes transfer between levels of the fair 
value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period during 
which the change has occurred.
3 
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
 
 Pursuant to the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Amendment Rules, 2023 effective April 01, 2023, the 
Company is required to disclose ‘material accounting 
policy Information’ in lieu of the earlier requirement of 
disclosing ‘significant accounting policies’. All accounting 
policies followed by the Company are in accordance with 
the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified u/s 
133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and conform 
to Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 as applicable. 
Specific disclosure of material accounting policy information 
where Ind AS permits options is made hereunder: The 
Company has assessed the materiality of the accounting 
policy information, which involves exercising judgement 
and considering both quantitative and qualitative factors by 
taking into account not only the size and nature of the item 
or condition but also the characteristics of the transactions, 
events or conditions that could make the information more 
likely to impact the decisions of the users of the financial 
statements.
3.1 Current versus non-current classification
 
 The Company presents assets and liabilities in the balance 
sheet based on current/non-current classification. An asset is 
classified current when it is:
 
(a) 
 Expected to be realized or intended to be sold or 
consumed in the normal operating cycle;
 
(b) Held primarily for the purpose of trading;
 
(c) 
 Expected to be realized within twelve months after the 
reporting period; or
 
(d)  Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being 
exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve 
months after the reporting period. All other assets are 
classified as non-current.
 
A liability is classified current when:
 
(a) 
 It is expected to be settled in the normal operating 
cycle;
 
(b) It is held primarily for the purpose of trading;
 
(c) 
 It is due to be settled within twelve months after the 
reporting period; or
 
(d)  There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement 
of the liability for at least twelve months after the 
reporting period The Company classifies all other 
liabilities as non-current.
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are always classified as 
non-current assets and liabilities.
3.2 Financial instruments
 
(a) Recognition and initial measurement
 
 
 Trade receivables and debt securities issued are 
initially recognized when they are originated. All other 
financial assets and financial liabilities are initially 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026 (CONTD.)
121
a
a
a
recognized when the Company becomes a party to the 
contractual provisions of the instrument.
 
 
 A financial asset or financial liability is initially 
measured at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value 
through profit and loss (FVTPL), transaction costs that 
are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue.
 
(b) Classification and subsequent measurement
 
 
Financial assets
 
 
 On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as 
measured at
 
 
- 
amortized cost;
 
 
- 
 Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) or 
Fair value through other comprehensive income 
(‘FVOCI’)
 
 
 Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to 
their initial recognition, except if and in the period the 
Company changes its business model for managing 
financial assets. A financial asset is measured at 
amortized cost if it meets both of the following 
conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL:
 
 
−  
 the asset is held within a business model whose 
objective is to hold assets to collect contractual 
cash flows; and
 
 
−  
 the contractual terms of the financial asset give 
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are 
solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding.
 
 
 A financial asset is measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (‘FVOCI’) if it meets 
both of the following conditions and is not designated 
as at FVTPL:
 
 
− 
 the asset is held within a business model whose 
objective is to hold assets to collect contractual 
cash flows and cash flows from sales; and
 
 
− 
 the contractual terms of the financial asset give 
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are 
solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding.
 
 
 All financial assets not classified as measured at 
amortized cost as described above are measured at 
FVTPL. This includes all derivative financial assets. 
On initial recognition, the Company may irrevocably 
designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the 
requirements to be measured at amortized cost as at 
FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces 
an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.
 
 
 Equity instruments are always classified fair value 
through profit and loss, except in cases where the 
Company has elected an irrevocable option of 
designating the same as fair value through other 
comprehensive income (FVOCI).
 
 
 Financial assets: Subsequent measurement and 
gains and losses
 
 
Financial assets at FVTPL :
 
 
 These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. 
Net gains and losses, including any interest or dividend 
income, are recognized in profit or loss.
 
 
Financial assets at amortized cost:
 
 
 These assets are subsequently measured at amortized 
cost using the effective interest method. The amortized 
cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, 
foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment 
are recognized in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on 
derecognition is recognized in profit or loss.
 
 
Financial assets at FVOCI :
 
 
 These assets are subsequently measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income i.e., subsequent 
changes in fair value of the instrument is recognized in 
other comprehensive income. Any dividend received 
on such instruments are recognized in Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
 
 
 Financial liabilities: Classification, subsequent 
measurement and gains and losses
 
 
 Financial liabilities are classified and measured 
at amortized cost or FVTPL. A financial liability 
is classified as at FVTPL if it is classified as 
held-for-trading, or it is a derivative or it is designated 
as such on initial recognition. Financial liabilities 
at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains 
and losses, including any interest expense, are 
recognized in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities 
are subsequently measured at amortized cost using 
the effective interest method. Interest expense and 
foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in 
profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also 
recognized in profit or loss.
 
(c) 
Derecognition
 
 
Financial assets
 
 
 The Company derecognizes a financial asset when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial 
asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the 
contractual cash flows in a transaction in which 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026 (CONTD.)

[page 64]
122
substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership 
of the financial asset are transferred or in which the 
Company neither transfers nor retains substantially 
all of the risks and rewards of ownership and does not 
retain control of the financial asset.
 
 
 If the Company enters into transactions whereby it 
transfers assets recognized on its balance sheet, but 
retains either all or substantially all of the risks and 
rewards of the transferred assets, the transferred assets 
are not derecognized.
 
 
Financial liabilities
 
 
 The Company derecognizes a financial liability when 
its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled, 
or expire.
 
 
 The Company also derecognizes a financial liability 
when its terms are modified and the cash flows under 
the modified terms are substantially different. In this 
case, a new financial liability based on the modified 
terms is recognized at fair value. The difference 
between the carrying amount of the financial liability 
extinguished and the new financial liability with 
modified terms is recognized in profit or loss.
 
 
(d) Impairment of financial assets
 
 
 
 Loss allowance for expected credit losses 
is recognized for financial assets measured 
at amortized cost and fair value through 
other comprehensive income. The Company 
recognizes life time expected credit losses for 
all trade receivables that do not constitute a 
financing transaction.
 
 
 
 For financial assets (apart from trade receivables 
that do not constitute of financing transaction) 
whose credit risk has not significantly increased 
since initial recognition, loss allowance equal 
to twelve months expected credit losses is 
recognized. Loss allowance equal to the lifetime 
expected credit losses is recognized if the credit 
risk of the financial asset has significantly 
increased since initial recognition.
 
 
(e) 
Offsetting
 
 
 
 Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset 
and the net amount presented in the balance sheet 
when, and only when, the Company currently has 
a legally enforceable right to set off the amounts 
and it intends either to settle them on a net basis 
or to realize the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously.
3.3 Revenue from contract with customers
 
 Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when 
control of the goods/services are transferred to the customer 
at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the 
Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods/
services. Such revenue is recognized upon the Company’s 
performance of its contractual obligations and on satisfying 
all the following conditions:
 
(1)  Parties to the contract have approved the contract and 
undertaken to perform their respective obligations;
 
(2)  Such contract has specified the respective rights 
and obligations of the parties in connection with the 
transfer of goods or rendering of services (hereinafter 
the “Transfer”);
 
(3)  Such contract contains specific payment terms in 
relation to the Transfer;
 
(4)  Such contract has a commercial nature, namely, it will 
change the risk, time distribution or amount of the 
Company’s future cash flow;
 
(5)  The Company is likely to recover the consideration it 
is entitled to for the Transfer to customers.
 
 Revenue is recognized when no significant uncertainty 
exists regarding the collection of the consideration. The 
amount recognized as revenue is exclusive of all indirect 
taxes and net of returns and discounts.
 
(a) Sale of goods
 
 
 For contracts with customers for sale of goods, revenue 
is recognized net of discount and rebates, at a point 
in time when control of the asset is transferred to the 
customer, which is when the goods are delivered to the 
customers as per the terms of the contracts. Delivery 
happens when the goods have been shipped or delivered 
to the specific location, as the case may be, the risk of 
loss has been transferred, and either the customer has 
accepted the goods in accordance with the contracts or 
the Company has objective evidence that all criteria 
related for acceptance has been satisfied.
 
 
 No element of significant financing is deemed present 
as the sales are generally made with a credit term which 
is consistent with the market practice. A receivable is 
recognized when the goods are delivered and this is 
the point in time that the consideration is unconditional 
because only the passage of time is required before the 
payment
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026 (CONTD.)
123
a
a
a
 
(b) Sale of Services
 
 
 Revenue from service contracts are recognized in the 
accounting period in which the services are rendered. 
Where the contracts include multiple performance 
obligations, the transaction price is allocated to each 
performance obligation based on the standalone selling 
price and revenue is recognized over time as and when 
the customer receives the benefit of the Company’s 
performance based on the actual service provided to 
as proportion of the total services to be provided. In 
case, the service contracts include one performance 
obligation revenue is recognized based on the actual 
service provided to the end of the reporting period as 
proportion of the total services to be provided. This is 
determined based on the actual expenditure incurred to 
the total estimated cost.
 
(c) 
Dividend and interest income
 
 
 Dividend income is recognized when the Company’s 
right to receive payment has been established and that 
the economic benefits will flow to the Company and 
amount of income can be measured reliably.
 
 
 Interest income from a financial asset is recognized 
when it is probable that the economic benefits will 
flow to the Company and the amount of income can be 
measured reliably. Interest income is accrued on a time 
basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at 
the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate 
that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts 
through the expected life of the financial asset to the 
asset’s net carrying amount on initial recognition.
3.4 Government grants
 
 Government grants are recognized where there is reasonable 
assurance that the grant will be received and all attached 
conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to 
an expense item, it is recognized as income on a systematic 
basis over the periods that the related costs, for which it 
is intended to compensate, are expensed. When the grant 
relates to an asset, it is recognized as income in equal 
amounts over the expected useful life of the related asset.
3.5 Income Taxes
 
Current Tax
 
 Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount 
expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation 
authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the
 
 amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted at 
the reporting date.
 
 Current tax relating to items recognized directly in equity 
is recognized in equity and not in the statement of profit or 
loss. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in 
the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable 
tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes 
provisions where appropriate.
 
Deferred Tax
 
 Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on 
temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and 
liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting 
purposes at the reporting date. Deferred tax liabilities are 
recognized for all taxable temporary differences.
 
 Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible 
temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax 
credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are 
recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit 
will be available against which the deductible temporary 
differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and 
unused tax losses can be utilized.
 
 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed 
at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is 
no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be 
available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be 
utilized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are re-assessed at 
each reporting date and are recognized to the extent that it 
has become probable that future taxable profits will allow 
the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax 
rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is 
realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax 
laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the 
reporting date.
 
 Deferred tax relating to items recognized outside profit or 
loss is recognized outside profit or loss. Deferred tax items 
are recognized in correlation to the underlying transaction 
either in OCI or directly in equity.
 
 The Company offsets deferred tax assets and deferred tax 
liabilities if and only if it has a legally enforceable right 
to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and 
the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to 
income taxes levied by the same taxation authority.
3.6 Foreign currencies
 
 Items included in the financial statements are measured 
using the currency of the primary economic environment in 
which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). The 
Company’s financial statements are presented in Indian 
Rupees, which is the Company’s functional and presentation 
currency.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026 (CONTD.)

[page 65]
124
 
 Transactions and balances
 
 Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded by 
the Company in its functional currency spot rates at the date 
the transaction first qualifies for recognition.
 
 Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies are translated at the functional currency spot rates 
of exchange at the reporting date. Differences arising on 
settlement or translation of monetary items are recognized 
in profit or loss unless they relates to the qualifying cash 
flow hedges.
 
 Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical 
cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange 
rates at the dates of the initial transactions. In determining the 
spot exchange rate to use on initial recognition of the related 
asset, expense or income (or part of it) on the derecognition 
of a non-monetary asset or non- monetary liability relating 
to advance consideration, the date of the transaction is the 
date on which the Company initially recognizes the non-
monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the 
advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or 
receipts in advance, the Company determines the transaction 
date for each payment or receipt of advance consideration.
3.7 Property, plant and equipment
 
 Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost, net of 
accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment 
losses, if any. Construction in progress is stated at cost, net 
of accumulated impairment losses, if any.
 
 Cost of Property, plant and equipment includes the costs 
directly attributable to the acquisition or constructions of 
assets, or replacing parts of the plant and equipment and 
borrowing costs for qualifying assets, if the recognition 
criteria are met. When significant parts of plant and 
equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the 
Company depreciates them separately based on their specific 
useful lives.
 
 Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount 
or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when 
it is probable that future economic benefits associated with 
them will flow to the Company and the cost of the item can 
measured reliably. All other repair and maintenance costs 
are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.
 
 Advance given for acquisition / construction of Property, 
Plant and Equipment and Intangible assets are presented as 
“Capital Advance” under Other Non-Current Assets. The 
assets in the process of construction or acquisition but not 
ready for management’s intended use are included under 
Capital Work in progress.
 
 Depreciation is provided on Straight line method in the 
manner and on the basis of useful lives prescribed in 
Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013. Depreciation on 
addition / deduction is calculated pro-rata from/to the month 
of addition / deduction.
 
 An item of property, plant and equipment and any significant 
part initially recognized is derecognized upon disposal (i.e., 
at the date the recipient obtains control) or when no future 
economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any 
gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated 
as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the 
carrying amount of the asset) is included in the statement of 
profit or loss when the asset is derecognized.
 
 The residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation 
of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each 
financial year end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate. 
The estimated useful lives of the assets considered by the 
Company is stated hereunder:
Assets Description
Useful Life in Years
Office Building
60
Heavy Equipments
15
Heavy Vehicles
6
Office Appliances
5
Computer
3
Other Machinery
15
Motor Cycle, Scooter
10
Motor Vehicles
8
Furniture
10
Electrical Equipments
10
 
 The Company, based on technical assessment made by 
technical expert and management estimate, depreciates 
certain items of Plant and Equipment over estimated useful 
lives which are different from the useful life prescribed in 
Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013. The Management 
believes that these estimated useful lives are realistic and 
reflect fair approximation of the period over which the assets 
are likely to be used.
3.8 Leases
 
 The Company assesses at contract inception whether a 
contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for 
a period of time in exchange for consideration.
 
The Company as a lessee
 
 The Company applies a single recognition and measurement 
approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and 
leases of low-value assets. The Company recognizes lease 
liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets 
representing the right to use the underlying assets.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026 (CONTD.)
125
a
a
a
 
Right-of-use assets
 
 The Company recognizes right-of-use assets at the 
commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the 
underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets 
are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation 
and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement 
of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes 
the amount of lease liabilities recognized, initial direct 
costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the 
commencement date less any lease incentives received. 
Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis 
over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful 
lives of the assets.
 
 If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Company 
at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise 
of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the 
estimated useful life of the asset.
 
Lease liabilities
 
 At the commencement date of the lease, the Company 
recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value of 
lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease 
payments include fixed payments (including in-substance 
fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, 
variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, 
and amounts expected to be paid under residual value 
guarantees. The lease payments also include payments of 
penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects 
the Company exercising the option to terminate.
 
 Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or 
a rate are recognized as expenses (unless they are incurred 
to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or 
condition that triggers the payment occurs.
 
 In calculating the present value of lease payments, the 
Company uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease 
commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the 
lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement 
date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect 
the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments 
made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is 
remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease 
term, a change in the lease payments.
 
 The Company’s lease obligations are presented on the face 
of the Balance Sheet.
 
Short-term leases and leases of low value assets
 
 The Company applies the short-term lease recognition 
exemption to its short-term leases (i.e., those leases that have 
a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement 
date). It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition 
exemption to leases of assets that are considered to be low 
value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of 
low-value assets are recognized as expense on a straight-line 
basis over the lease term.
 
 The Company as a lessor
 
 Leases in which the Company does not transfer substantially 
all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset 
are classified as operating leases. Rental income arising is 
accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms 
and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss 
due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in 
negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the 
carrying amount of the leased asset and recognized over the 
lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent 
rents are recognized as revenue in the period in which they 
are earned.
3.9 Borrowing costs
 
 Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, 
construction or production of an asset that necessarily takes 
a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use 
or sale are capitalized as part of the cost of the asset. All 
other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which 
they occur. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other 
costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing 
of funds.
3.10 Intangible assets
 
 Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on 
initial recognition at cost. Subsequent to initial recognition, 
intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated 
amortization and accumulated impairment losses. Internally 
generated intangibles, excluding capitalized development 
costs, are not capitalized and the related expenditure 
is reflected in profit or loss in the period in which the 
expenditure is incurred.
 
 Intangible assets are amortized over the useful economic life 
(5 years for computer software) and assessed for impairment 
whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may 
be impaired. The amortization period and the amortization 
method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are 
reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period.
 
 An intangible asset is derecognized upon disposal (i.e., at 
the date the recipient obtains control) or when no future 
economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. 
Any gain or loss arising upon derecognition of the asset 
(calculated as the difference between the net disposal 
proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in 
the Statement of Profit or Loss.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026 (CONTD.)

[page 66]
126
3.11 Impairment of assets (other than financial assets)
 
 At each balance sheet date, the Company reviews the carrying 
value of its property, plant and equipment and intangible 
assets to determine whether there is any indication that 
the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable 
through continuing use. If any such indication exists, the 
recoverable amount of the asset is reviewed in order to 
determine the extent of impairment loss, if any. Where the 
asset does not generate cash flows that are independent from 
other assets, the Company estimates the recoverable amount 
of the cash generating unit to which the asset belongs.
 
 Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to 
sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated 
future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a 
pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments 
of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset 
for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been 
adjusted. An impairment loss is recognized in the statement 
of profit and loss as and when the carrying value of an asset 
exceeds its recoverable amount.
 
 Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying 
value of the asset (or cash generating unit) is increased to 
the revised estimate of its recoverable amount so that the 
increased carrying value does not exceed the carrying value 
that would have been determined had no impairment loss 
been recognized for the asset (or cash generating unit) in 
prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized 
in the statement of profit and loss immediately.
3.12 Provisions and contingencies
 
 Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present 
obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it 
is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic 
benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable 
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
 
 If the effect of the time value of money is material, 
provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that 
reflects, when appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. 
When discounting is used, the increase in the provision due 
to the passage of time is recognized as a finance cost.
 
 Disclosure for contingent liabilities is made when there is a 
possible obligation arising from past events, the existence 
of which will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non- 
occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly 
within the control of the Company or a present obligation 
that arises from past events where it is either not probable 
that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits 
will be required to settle or a reliable estimate of the amount 
cannot be made.
3.13 Inventories
 
 Raw materials, work-in-progress and finished products 
are valued at lower of cost and net realizable value after 
providing for obsolescence and other losses, where 
considered necessary. Cost includes purchase price, non-
refundable taxes and duties and other directly attributable 
costs incurred in bringing the goods to the point of sale. 
Work-in- progress and finished goods include appropriate 
proportion of overheads.
 
 Stores and spares and consumables are valued at cost 
comprising of purchase price, non-refundable taxes and 
duties and other directly attributable costs after providing for 
obsolescence and other losses, where considered necessary.
3.14 Cash and short-term deposits
 
 Cash and short-term deposits in the statement of financial 
position comprise cash at banks and on hand and short-term 
highly liquid deposits with a maturity of three months or 
less, that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash 
and subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
 
 For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and 
cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term deposits, as 
defined above.
3.15 Employee benefits
 
Short-term employee benefits
 
 Liabilities for short-term employee benefits that are 
expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the 
end of the period in which the employees render the related 
service are recognized in respect of employees’ services up 
to the end of the reporting period and are measured at the 
amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. 
The liabilities are presented as current employee related 
liabilities under other financial liabilities in balance sheet.
 
Post - employment benefits
 
 The liability or asset recognized in the Balance Sheet 
in respect of defined benefit plans is the present value of 
the defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting 
period less the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit 
obligation is calculated annually at year end by actuaries 
using the projected unit credit method.
 
 The present value of the defined benefit obligation is 
determined by discounting the estimated future cash 
outflows by reference to market yields at the end of the 
reporting period on government bonds that have terms 
approximating to the terms of the related obligation.
 
 The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount 
rate to the net balance of the defined benefit obligation and 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026 (CONTD.)
127
a
a
a
the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in ‘Employee 
Benefits Expense’ in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 
 Remeasurement gains and losses arising from experience 
adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are 
recognized in the period in which they occur, directly in 
other comprehensive income. These are included in the 
Statement of Changes in Equity and in the Balance Sheet.
 
 Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligations 
resulting from plan amendments or curtailments are 
recognized immediately in profit or loss as past service cost.
 
 Defined contribution plan
 
 The Company pays provident fund contributions to publicly 
administered provident fund as per local regulations. 
The Company has no further payment obligations once 
the contributions have been paid. The contributions 
are accounted for as defined contribution plans and the 
contributions are recognized as employee benefit expense 
when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognized as 
an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the 
future payments is available.
3.16 Earnings per share
 
(i) 
Basic earnings per share
 
 
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:
 
 
• 
the profit attributable to owners of the Parent
 
 
• 
 by the weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding during the financial year
 
(ii) Diluted earnings per share
 
 
 Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in 
the determination of basic earnings per share to take 
into account:
 
 
• 
 the after income tax effect of interest and other 
financing costs associated with dilutive potential 
equity shares, and
 
 
• 
 the weighted average number of additional 
equity shares that would have been outstanding 
assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential 
equity shares.
3.17 Contributed equity
 
 Equity shares are classified as equity. Incremental cost 
directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are 
shown in equity as reduction, net of tax from the proceeds.
3.18 Cash dividend
 
 The Company recognizes a liability to pay a dividend 
when the distribution is authorized, and the distribution 
is no longer at the discretion of the Company. As per the 
corporate laws of India, a distribution is authorized when it 
is approved by the shareholders. A corresponding amount is 
recognized directly in equity.
3.19 Segment reporting
 
 Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent 
with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating 
decision maker (‘CODM’).
 
 The CODM is responsible for allocating resources and 
assessing performance of the operating segments and has 
been identified as the Board of Directors of the Parent.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026 (CONTD.)

[page 67]
128
NOTE 4: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
(i)  Movement in Property, plant and equipment
Particulars
Buildings
Land & 
Development
Plant & 
Machinery
Electrical 
Installation
Lab. 
Testing 
equipments
Motor 
Vehicles
Computer 
and 
accessories
Furniture 
and 
fixture
Office 
equipments
Total
Gross Block
Balance as at March 31, 2024 
 199.93 
 113.23 
 1,127.21 
 102.42 
 5.40 
 39.39 
 8.27 
 8.78 
 3.86 1,608.49 
Additions 
 43.73 
 10.56 
 241.16 
 17.79 
 - 
 5.63 
 0.86 
 0.48 
 1.25 
 321.48 
Disposals 
 - 
 - 
 (0.71)
 - 
 - 
 (0.15)
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (0.86)
Balance as at March 31, 2025 
 243.66 
 123.79 
 1,367.66 
 120.21 
 5.40 
 44.87 
 9.14 
 9.27 
 5.11 1,929.11 
Additions 
 60.09 
 64.21 
 648.25 
 42.35 
 - 
 23.89 
 0.46 
 1.27 
 0.34 
 840.85 
Disposals 
 - 
 - 
 (1.17)
 - 
 - 
 (12.58)
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (13.75)
Balance as at March 31, 2026 
 303.76 
 303.76 
 188.00 
 188.00 
 2,014.74 
 2,014.74 
 162.56 
 162.56 
 5.40 
 5.40 
 56.18 
 56.18 
 9.59 
 9.59 
 10.53 
 10.53 
 5.45 
 5.45 2,756.21 
2,756.21 
Accumulated depreciation 
 - 
Balance as at March 31, 2024 
 41.82 
 8.35 
 408.68 
 58.22 
 5.40 
 19.72 
 6.16 
 6.29 
 2.42 557.08 
Depreciation expense 
 6.05 
 3.39 
 44.18 
 5.60 
 - 
 3.83 
 0.89 
 0.37 
 0.48 
 64.78 
Disposals 
 - 
 - 
 (0.51)
 - 
 - 
 (0.08)
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (0.60)
Balance as at March 31, 2025 
 47.87 
 11.74 
 452.35 
 63.82 
 5.40 
 23.47 
 7.05 
 6.66 
 2.90 
 621.27 
Depreciation expense 
 7.32 
 4.74 
 58.67 
 8.61 
 - 
 4.73 
 0.99 
 0.40 
 0.60 
 86.07 
Disposals 
 - 
 - 
 (0.13)
 - 
 - 
 (8.07)
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (8.20)
Balance as at March 31, 2026 
 55.19 
 16.48 
 510.88 
 72.43 
 5.40 
 20.14 
 8.05 
 7.06 
 3.50 
 699.14 
Carrying Amount 
Balance as at March 31, 2025 
 195.79 
 112.05 
 915.31 
 56.39 
 0.00 
 21.40 
 2.08 
 2.61 
 2.21 1,307.84 
Balance as at March 31, 2026 
 248.57 
 171.52 
 1,503.86 
 90.13 
 0.00 
 36.04 
 1.54 
 3.47 
 1.95 2,057.08 
(a)  Refer Note 16 for details of security against borrowings.
(ii)  Movement in Capital work-in-progress
Particulars
Capital work-in-
progress
Balance as at March 31, 2024 
 54.30 
Additions
 5.50 
Transferred to Property, plant and equipment
 (54.30)
Balance as at March 31, 2025 
 5.50 
Additions
 154.50 
Transferred to Property, plant and equipment
 - 
 Balance as at March 31, 2026 
 160.00 
(a)  Ageing analysis of Capital work in progress
Particulars
As at March 31, 2026
Less than 
1 year
1 to 2 
years
2 to 3 
years
More than 
3 years
Total
Project in progress
 154.50 
 5.50 
 - 
 - 
 160.00 
Project temporarily suspended
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Particulars
As at March 31, 2025
Less than 
1 year
1 to 2 
years
2 to 3 
years
More than 
3 years
Total
Project in progress
 5.50 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5.50 
Project temporarily suspended
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
129
a
a
a
NOTE 5: RIGHT OF USE ASSETS
This note provides information for leases where the Company is a lessee.
The Company has taken on lease various offices, warehouses other spaces for its uses. Rental contracts typically ranges from 1 year to 5 
years.
(i)  Movement in Right of Use assets :
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Gross Block
Opening Balance 
 16.86 
 9.69 
Additions during the year 
 4.94 
 9.33 
Deletions/cancellation/modification during the year 
 (1.29)
 (2.16)
Closing Balance 
 20.52 
 16.86 
Accumulated depreciation 
Opening Balance 
 4.80 
 1.92 
Amortization expense 
 3.84 
 3.37 
Deletions/cancellation/modification during the year 
 (0.26)
 (0.49)
Closing Balance 
 8.38 
 4.80 
Net Carrying amount 
 12.14 
 12.06 
 
 The aggregate depreciation expense on RoU assets is included under depreciation expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss under 
note number 30.
(ii)  Movement in Lease Liabilities:
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
 Opening Balance 
 12.90 
 7.95 
 Additions during the year 
 4.92 
 9.23 
 Deletions during the year 
 (1.07)
 (1.71)
 Finance cost accrued during the year 
 1.51 
 1.30 
 Payment of lease labilities 
 (4.69)
 (3.88)
 Net Carrying amount 
 13.57 
 12.90 
(iii)  The break-up of current and non-current lease liabilities as at the year end:
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Current
 3.29 
 2.83 
Non-current
 10.28 
 10.07 
Total*
 13.57 
 12.90 
 
 *with the exception of short term and leases of low-value underlying assets, each lease is reflected in the Balance Sheet as right of 
use assets and a lease liability payment made for short term lease and leases of low-value are expensed on a straight line basis over 
the lease term. 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 68]
130
(iv)  The details of contractual maturities of lease liabilities as at the year end on undiscounted basis are as follows:
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Less than one year
 3.29 
 2.83 
One to five years
 2.46 
 5.03 
More than five years
 7.82 
 5.04 
 Total* 
 13.57 
 12.90 
 *the Company does not face a significant liquidity risk regards to its lease liabilities as the current assets are sufficient to the meet the 
obligations related to the lease liabilities as and when they fall due
(v)  The amount recognized in the Statement of Profit or Loss are as follows:
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Amortization of right of use assets
 3.84 
 3.37 
Interest expense on lease liabilities
 1.51 
 1.30 
Rent expense - short-term lease and leases of low value assets
 8.49 
 14.12 
Total* 
 13.84 
 18.79 
(vi)  Extension and termination options
 
 Extension and termination options are included in various leases. These are used to maximize operational flexibility in terms of 
managing the assets used in the Company’s operations. The majority of the extension and termination options held are exercisable 
by the Company and not by the respective lessor.
(vii) Discounting rate
 
The Company has used the incremental borrowing rate of 10% ( Financial Year 2024-25 : 10%) to determine the lease liabilities.
NOTE 6: OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
(i) 
Movement in Other Intangible assets :
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Cost / Deemed cost
Opening Balance 
 9.92 
 6.20 
Additions 
 1.78 
 3.71 
Disposals 
 - 
 - 
Closing Balance 
 11.70 
 9.92 
Accumulated depreciation 
Opening Balance 
 5.62 
 5.30 
Amortization expense 
 0.93 
 0.32 
Disposals 
 - 
 - 
Closing Balance 
 6.55 
 5.62 
Carrying Amount 
 5.15 
 4.30 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
131
a
a
a
NOTE 7: INVESTMENTS
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Investments designated at Amortized Cost 
Investment in Equity Shares (Unquoted) 
Adityapur Auto Cluster 
300 (As at March 31, 2025 - 300 equity shares of INR 1000 each, fully paid up) 
 0.30 
 0.30 
Adityapur Electronic Manufacturing Cluster Limited  
493,159 (As at March 31, 2025 - 493,159 equity shares of INR 100 each, fully paid up) 
 49.32 
 49.32 
Total Non-Current investment 
 49.62 
 49.62 
Investments designated at fair value through profit & loss 
Investment in Mutual Funds 
 16.39 
 10.96 
Total Current investment 
 16.39 
 10.96 
NOTE 8: OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS 
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(i)  Non-current
 
(Unsecured, considered good, unless stated otherwise)
 
(a)  Security Deposits
 30.10 
 30.44 
 
(b)  Fixed deposits maturing after 12 months from the balance sheet date#
 15.92 
 31.99 
Total Other financial assets - Non-Current 
 46.02 
 62.44 
(ii) Current
 
(Unsecured, considered good, unless stated otherwise)
 
(a) 
Security Deposits
 1.98 
 2.01 
Total Other financial assets - Current
 1.98 
 2.01 
#Deposits balances in the account are not due for realization within 12 months from the balance sheet date are primarily placed as security 
with banks as collateral and margin money for bank guarantee as at March 31, 2026 of INR 29.46 Mn and with vendors for performance 
guarantee as at March 31, 2026 of INR 7.91 Mn.
Deposit balances due for realizations within 12 months but more than 3 months are classified as other bank balances and are disclosed 
under note no. 13
NOTE 9: OTHER ASSETS 
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(i)  Non-current
(Unsecured, considered good, unless stated otherwise)
 
(a) 
Capital Advances
 466.64 
 439.47 
Total other non current assets 
 466.64 
 439.47 
(ii) Current
 
(a) 
Advance to suppliers and service providers
 209.11 
 139.10 
 
(b) GST receivables
 67.75 
 30.16 
 
(c) 
Advances to employees
 1.34 
 0.67 
 
(d) Prepaid expenses
 6.51 
 3.19 
 
(e) 
Other assets
 19.59 
 18.06 
Total other current assets
 304.30 
 191.19 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 69]
132
NOTE 10: INVENTORIES
(i) 
Movement in Other Intangible assets :
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(a)  Raw materials*
 448.61 
 440.51 
(b)  Work-in-progress 
 237.61 
 259.80 
(c)  Finished products 
 224.30 
 212.12 
(d) Stores and spare parts
 74.92 
 43.61 
(e)  Consumables
 70.11 
 29.45 
Total Inventories 
 1,055.54 
 985.50 
 
*Includes stock in transit INR 32.96 Mn (March 31, 2025: 11.39 Mn)
 
1. 
The mode of valuation of inventories has been stated in note 3.14
 
2. 
For details of carrying amount of inventories pledged as security for secured borrowings refer note 16.
NOTE 11: TRADE RECEIVABLES
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Trade receivables, unsecured, considered good
 1,966.32 
 1,819.18 
Trade receivables, unsecured, considered doubtful
 5.37 
 - 
Trade receivables, credit impaired
 14.35 
 14.35 
 1,986.04 
 1,833.52 
Less: Allowances for expected credit losses
 14.35 
 14.35 
Total Trade receivables
 1,971.69 
 1,819.18 
Disclosure of contract balances as per Ind AS 115 revenue from contract with customers
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Contract balances
(a)  Trade receivable - Billed
 1,971.69 
 1,819.18 
(b)  Trade receivable - Unbilled
 - 
 - 
Total Contract balances
 1,971.69 
 1,819.18 
Age bracket
As at March 31, 2026
Not 
due
Less than 
6 months
6 Months 
to 1 years
1 year to 
2 years
2 years to 
3 years
More than 
3 years 
Total 
Undisputed trade receivables – considered good
 -  1,767.37 
 200.28 
 9.88 
 1.18 
 0.18  1,978.88 
Undisputed trade receivables – considered doubtful
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Disputed trade receivables considered good
 - 
 0.25 
 - 
 0.68 
 0.01 
 0.85 
 1.78 
Disputed trade receivables considered doubtful
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4.03 
 1.34 
 - 
 5.37 
Total Ageing of receivables
 -  1,767.62 
 200.28 
 14.59 
 2.52 
 1.03  1,986.04 
Add: Unbilled
 - 
Less: Allowances for expected credit losses
 14.35 
Total Trade receivables
 1,971.69 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
133
a
a
a
Age bracket
As at March 31, 2025
Not due Less than 
6 months
6 Months 
to 1 years
1 year to 
2 years
2 years to 
3 years
More than 
3 years 
Total 
Undisputed trade receivables – considered good
 -  1,670.64 
 135.43 
 23.45 
 1.10 
 0.69  1,831.32 
Undisputed trade receivables – considered doubtful
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Disputed trade receivables considered good
 - 
 - 
 2.20 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2.20 
Disputed trade receivables considered doubtful
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Total Ageing of receivables
 -  1,670.64 
 137.63 
 23.45 
 1.10 
 0.69  1,833.52 
Add: Unbilled
 - 
Less: Allowances for expected credit losses
 14.35 
Total Trade receivables
 1,819.18 
(a) 
The ageing has been determined from the date they were invoiced to the customers. Refer Note 39 on credit risk for more details.
(b) Movement in allowances for expected credit loss
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Allowances for expected credit losses at the beginning of the year
 14.35 
 13.42 
Allowances created during the year [Refer note 31]
 - 
 0.93 
Allowances utilized / reversed during the year
 - 
 - 
Allowances for expected credit losses for the year
 14.35 
 14.35 
NOTE 12: CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(a) 
Balances with bank in current accounts
 39.34 
 16.48 
(b) Cash on hand
 5.05 
 7.61 
(c) 
Other Balances with bank in deposit accounts*
 - 
 804.34 
Total cash and cash equivalents
 44.40 
 828.43 
*Original maturity of less than three months
NOTE 13: OTHER BANK BALANCE (OTHER THAN (III) ABOVE)
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(a)  Balances with bank in deposit accounts#
 192.95 
 14.35 
Total other bank balances
 192.95 
 14.35 
#Deposits balances in the account are due for realization within 12 months from the balance sheet date are primarily placed as security with 
banks as collateral and margin money for bank guarantee of INR 29.46 Mn (as at March 31, 2025: INR 29.32 Mn) and with vendors for 
performance guarantee of INR 7.91 Mn (as at March 31, 2025 : INR 8.30 Mn)
Deposit balance in the account are due for realization in more than 12 months are disclosed in note number 8 under Fixed deposits 
maturing after 12 months from the balance sheet date.
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 70]
134
NOTE 14: EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Authorized share capital
7,00,00,000 Equity Shares of INR 5/- each
 350.00 
 350.00 
20,00,000 Preference Shares of INR 10/- each
 20.00 
 20.00 
Total authorized share capital
 370.00 
 370.00 
Issued, subscribed and paid up share capital
64,509,422  Equity Shares of INR 5/- each fully paid up
 322.55 
 322.55 
Total issued, subscribed and paid up share capital
 322.55 
 322.55 
(a) Reconciliation of the number of shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period/ year
Particulars
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
No. of shares
Amount
No. of shares
Amount
Balance as at the beginning of the year
 64,509,422 
 322.55 
 54,092,756 
 270.46 
Issue of Bonus shares and impact of share split
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Shares issued during the year ( Refer note * below)
 - 
 - 
 10,416,666 
 52.08 
Balance at the end of the year 
 64,509,422 
 322.55 
 64,509,422 
 322.55 
(b) Details of equity shares held by equity shareholders holding more than 5% of the aggregate shares in the Company:
Name
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
No. of shares
Holding %
No. of shares
Holding %
Sudhir Rai
 24,636,733 
38.19%
 24,386,409 
37.80%
Anita Rai
 11,872,170 
18.40%
 11,783,143 
18.27%
Sumeet Rai
 3,800,000 
5.89%
 3,800,000 
5.89%
Kunal Rai
 3,492,000 
5.41%
 3,492,000 
5.41%
Balance at the end of the year 
 43,800,903 
67.90%
 43,461,552 
67.37%
(c)  Details of equity shares held by the promoters at the year end
Name
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
No. of shares
Holding %
No. of shares
Holding %
% Change 
Sudhir Rai
 24,636,733 
38.19%
 24,386,409 
37.80%
1.03%
Anita Rai
 11,872,170 
18.40%
 11,783,143 
18.27%
0.76%
Sudhir Rai (HUF)
 400,000 
0.62%
 400,000 
0.62%
0.00%
Sumeet Rai
 3,800,000 
5.89%
 3,800,000 
5.89%
0.00%
Kunal Rai
 3,492,000 
5.41%
 3,492,000 
5.41%
0.00%
Balance at the end of the period/ year 
 44,200,903 
68.52%
 43,861,552 
67.99%
(d)  Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to shares
 
Equity shares
 
 The Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of INR 5.00 per share. Each shareholder is entitled for one vote per 
share held. The dividend (if any) proposed by the board of directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing 
annual general meeting, except in case of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are entitled to receive 
the remaining assets of the Company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to the number of equity shares held 
by the shareholders.
 
 During the previous year, the company completed ab initial public offer (‘IPO’) of 2,08,33,332 equity shares at the Bore value of 
INR  5/- each at an issue price of INR 240/- per equity share.Compersing offer for sale of 1,04,16,666 shares by selling shareholders 
and a Brash issue of 10416666 shares aggreating INR 5000 millions. The Equity shares of the company user listed on the Bombay 
stock exchange linited (BSE) and national stock Exchange of india limited (NSE) on september 16, 2024.
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
135
a
a
a
(e) Equity share movement during the period of 5 years immediately preceeding the reporting date.
 
 During the FY 2023-24 the Company had issued bonus share in the ratio 1 : 1 to its existing equity shareholder vide their board 
resolution dated November 26, 2023 by way of capitalization of its security premium & general reserve.
 
The Company has not bought back share during the last 5 years immediately preceeding March 31, 2026.
NOTE 15: OTHER EQUITY
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(a) 
 Retained earnings
 2,257.99 
 1,705.37 
(b)  General Reserve
 - 
 - 
(c)  Security Premium
 2,317.10 
 2,317.10 
Total Other Equity
 4,575.10 
 4,022.48 
(i)  Retained Earnings
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(a)  Balance at the beginning of the year
 1,705.37 
 1,197.59 
(b)  Profit for the year
 552.14 
 480.27 
(c)  Other Comprehensive Income for the year
 0.48 
 (1.65)
(d)  Bonus issued during the year
 - 
 - 
(e)  transfer from Securities premium reserve
 - 
 29.17 
Balance at the end of the year
 2,257.99 
 1,705.37 
(ii)  General Reserve
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(a) Balance at the beginning of the year
 - 
 - 
(b) Utilized during the year
 - 
 - 
Balance at the end of the year
 - 
 - 
(iii) Security Premium
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(a)  Balance at the beginning of the year
 2,317.10 
 - 
(b)  Utilized during the year
 - 
 (130.81)
(c)  Securities Premium on fresh issue of shares
 - 
 2,447.92 
Balance at the end of the year
 2,317.10 
 2,317.10 
(a)  Retained earnings
 
 Retained earnings are the profits that the Company has earned till date, less any transfers to reserves, dividends or other distributions 
paid to shareholders. Retained earnings is a free reserve available to the Company and eligible for distribution to shareholder, in case 
where it is having positive balance representing net earning till date.
(b)  General Reserve
 
 The general reserve is used from time to time to transfer profits from retained earnings for appropriation purposes. As the general 
reserve is created by transfer from one equity component to another and is not an item of other comprehensive income, items 
included in the general reserve will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss.
(c)  Security Premium
 
 Share premium used to record premium received on issue of shares. The reserve is utilized in accordance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2023.
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 71]
136
NOTE 16: BORROWINGS
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
A.  Non-current
(a)  Secured borrowings - at amortized cost
 
(i) 
Term Loans from BanksB
 326.13 
 124.10 
 
(ii) Term Loans from Non Banking Financial Institutionc
 10.10 
 5.15 
 336.23 
 129.25 
Less: Current maturities of long-term borrowings (included in current borrowings)
 44.48 
 75.58 
Less: Interest accrued on long-term borrowings (included in current borrowings)
 0.34 
 0.41 
Total Long-term borrowings
 291.42 
 53.26 
B. 
Current
 
(a) Secured borrowings - at amortized cost
 
 
(i) 
Cash Credit from Banks  - Overdraft
 169.82 
 179.78 
 
 
(ii)  Current maturities of long-term borrowings
 44.48 
 75.58 
 
 
(iii)  Interest accrued on long-term borrowings
 0.34 
 0.41 
 
(b) Unsecured borrowings - at amortized cost
 
 
(i)  Promotors
 17.59 
 17.59 
Total Short-term borrowings
 232.23 
 273.36 
Total borrowings
 523.65 
 326.62 
(A) Security Details
Name of the Bank
As at March 31, 2026
Security
Long Term
Short Term
Current 
Maturity
DBS Bank India 
Limited 
 - 
23.35
 - Primary Security: First Pari Passu charge over current assets 
of the Company, both present and future alongwith working 
capital limits of HDFC and Axis and TL of Axis Bank. First 
Pari Passu Charge over moveable fixed assets of the Company. 
Collateral Security: First pari passu charge over specified 
leasehold property of the Company.
Axis Bank Limited 
107.33
54.15
21.44 For Cash Credit and WCDL: First Pari Passu charge over all 
current assets (both present and future) of Company, entire 
movable and immovable fixed assets of the Company (both 
present and future). 
For Term Loan: Hypothecation of entire Plant and Machinery 
and factory procured/setup out of proceeds of term loan (both 
present and future). Equitable mortgage on proposed unit. 
Collateral Security: First pari passu charge over specified 
laesehold properties and personal guarntee from promoters 
and FDINR
HDFC Bank Limited 
167.00
92.32
18.90 "For Cash Credit and WCDL: Secured by pari passu first charge 
on stocks as well as all other current assets, specified lease 
hold property of Company, pari-passu first charge on entire 
Plant and Machinery and personal guarantees from promoters. 
For Term Loan: Secured by pari passu first charge on stocks as 
well as all other current assets, specified lease hold property 
of Company, pari-passu first charge on entire Plant and 
Machinery, exclusive charge on plant and machinery procured 
from term loan and personal guarantees from promoters. 
For vehicle loan: Hypothecation of respective vehicle.
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
137
a
a
a
Name of the Bank
As at March 31, 2026
Security
Long Term
Short Term
Current 
Maturity
Punjab National Bank 
2.85
 - 
0.63 Secured by hypothecation of respective assets financed. 
Bank of India 
2.70
 - 
0.69 Secured by hypothecation of respective assets financed. 
United Commercial 
Bank
 3.58 
 0.75 Secured by hypothecation of respective assets financed. 
Mercedez-Benz 
Financial Services 
(Daimler Financial 
Services Pvt Ltd )
 7.97 
 - 
2.08 Secured by hypothecation of respective assets financed. 
Siemens Financial 
Services Pvt Ltd
 - 
 - 
 - Secured by hypothecation of respective assets financed. 
 291.42 
 169.82 
 44.48 
Name of the Bank
As at March 31, 2025
Security
Long Term
Short Term
Current 
Maturity
DBS Bank India 
Limited 
 - 
 50.00 
 - Secured by pari passu first charge on all current assets (current 
and future) of Company  and pari passu first charge on all 
movable fixed assets and lease hold property  of Company .
Axis Bank Limited
 17.69 
 59.59 
 50.45 "Secured by pari passu first charge on all current assets 
(current and future) of Company  and pari passu first charge 
on specified  lease hold property  of Company and exclusive 
charge on few lease hold land. 
For term loan: Personal guarantee from promoters and 
exclusive charge on the plant and machinary constructed out 
of this fund.
HDFC Bank Limited 
 29.07 
 70.18 
 18.91 Secured by pari passu first charge on stock as well as all other 
current assets,  pari passu first charge on specified lease hold 
property  of Company, Pari-passu first charge on entire Plant 
and Machinery, Personal guarantees from promoters and 
fixed deposit. 
For term loan: Secured by exclusive charge on plant & 
machinery procured out of this fund and pari-passu second 
charge on specified leasehold preperty and personal 
guarantees from promoters 
For vehicle loan: Hypothecation of respective vehicle.
Punjab National Bank 
 3.48 
 - 
 0.58 Secured by hypothecation of respective assets financed. 
Bank of India 
 3.03 
 - 
 0.52 Secured by hypothecation of respective assets financed. 
Mercedez-Benz 
Financial Services 
(Daimler Financial 
Services Pvt Ltd )
 - 
 - 
 3.56 Secured by hypothecation of respective assets financed. 
Siemens Financial 
Services Pvt Ltd
 - 
 - 
 1.56 Secured by hypothecation of respective assets financed. 
 53.26 
 179.78 
 75.58 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 72]
138
(B) Term Loan from Banks 
Particulars
Total No. of 
Installments
Earliest Start Date
Maturity
Rate of 
Interest
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Axis Bank Limited 
 49 
October 31, 2021
November 30, 2025
Repo+3.25%
 - 
 10.36 
Axis Bank Limited 
 60 
March 05, 2024
February 05, 2029
9.95%
 0.32 
 0.41 
Axis Bank Limited 
 60 
January 31, 2025
January 31, 2029
Repo+3.25%
 17.37 
 57.37 
Axis Bank Limited 
 84 
May 17, 2025
April 17, 2032
Repo+2.75%
 111.08 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 60 
November 07, 2022
October 07, 2027
8.25%
 0.18 
 0.28 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 48 
June 05, 2022
May 05, 2026
7.26%
 0.04 
 0.27 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 48 
January 05, 2023
December 05, 2026
8.70%
 0.19 
 0.43 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 48 
June 07, 2023
May 07, 2028
9.15%
 0.29 
 0.41 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 48 
November 07, 2023
October 07, 2027
8.85%
 0.83 
 1.29 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 48 
March 05, 2024
February 05, 2028
9.51%
 0.55 
 0.80 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 60 
July 05, 2024
June 05, 2029
9.65%
 0.42 
 0.53 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 48 
January 01, 2024
February 29, 2028
9.00%
 4.03 
 4.00 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 48 
January 01, 2024
February 29, 2028
9.00%
 4.88 
 7.32 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 48 
January 01, 2024
February 29, 2028
9.00%
 9.76 
 14.63 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 48 
February 01, 2024
February 29, 2028
9.00%
 3.84 
 5.76 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 48 
March 01, 2024
February 29, 2028
9.00%
 1.81 
 2.72 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 48 
April 01, 2024
February 29, 2028
9.00%
 1.00 
 1.49 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 47 
May 01, 2024
February 29, 2028
9.00%
 1.38 
 2.06 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 46 
June 01, 2024
February 29, 2028
9.00%
 3.99 
 5.98 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 60 
July 12, 2025
June 12, 2030
9.00%
 0.61 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 84 
June 04, 2025
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 53.71 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 83 
July 01, 2025
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 3.60 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 81 
September 24, 2025 June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 15.73 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 79 
November 20, 2025
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 0.63 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 79 
November 20, 2025
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 0.17 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 80 
October 31, 2025
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 2.50 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 80 
October 14, 2025
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 1.24 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 78 
December 20, 2025
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 6.84 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 78 
December 24, 2025
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 3.63 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 78 
December 31, 2025
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 4.39 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 77 
January 19, 2026
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 3.20 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 77 
January 30, 2026
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 4.54 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 76 
February 16, 2026
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 6.39 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 76 
February 17, 2026
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 9.44 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 76 
February 26, 2026
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 0.68 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 75 
March 31, 2026
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 2.15 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 75 
March 24, 2026
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 31.25 
 - 
HDFC Bank Limited 
 75 
March 27, 2026
June 04, 2032
Repo+3.25%
 2.00 
 - 
Bank of India
 84 
September 05, 2024 August 05, 1931
8.95%
 0.93 
 1.07 
Bank of India
 84 
October 02, 2024
September 02, 1931 9.25%
 0.74 
 0.85 
Bank of India
 60 
January 10, 2025
December 10, 2029
9.10%
 0.51 
 0.63 
Bank of India
 60 
December 05, 2024
December 05, 2029
8.80%
 0.43 
 0.53 
Bank of India
 60 
December 05, 2024
December 05, 2029
8.85%
 0.38 
 0.46 
Bank of India
 48 
June 01, 2025
May 30, 2029
8.85%
 0.39 
 - 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
139
a
a
a
Particulars
Total No. of 
Installments
Earliest Start Date
Maturity
Rate of 
Interest
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
United Commercial 
Bank
 60 
November 18, 2025
November 19, 2030
Repo+8.30%
 1.10 
 - 
United Commercial 
Bank
 60 
January 11, 2026
January 11, 2030
Repo+8.30%
 0.38 
 - 
United Commercial 
Bank
 60 
January 11, 2026
January 11, 2030
Repo+8.30%
 0.38 
 - 
United Commercial 
Bank
 60 
January 11, 2026
January 11, 2030
Repo+8.30%
 0.38 
 - 
United Commercial 
Bank
 60 
January 11, 2026
January 11, 2030
Repo+8.30%
 0.38 
 - 
United Commercial 
Bank
 60 
January 11, 2026
January 11, 2030
Repo+8.30%
 0.31 
 - 
United Commercial 
Bank
 60 
March 18, 2026
March 31, 2031
Repo+8.20%
 0.53 
 - 
United Commercial 
Bank
 60 
March 30, 2026
April 02, 2031
Repo+8.20%
 0.86 
 - 
Punjab National 
Bank
 84 
December 04, 2023
November 04, 1930
9.00%
 3.48 
 4.05 
Interest accrued on long-term borrowings (included in current borrowings)
 0.28 
 0.37 
Total
 326.13 
 124.10 
(C)  Term Loan from Non Banking Financial Institution 
Particulars
Total No. of 
Installments 
Earliest Start Date 
Maturity 
Rate of 
Interest 
As at 
March 31, 2026 
As at 
March 31, 2025 
Mercedez-Benz 
Financial Services 
(Daimler Financial 
Services Pvt Ltd )
 60 December 04, 2020
November 04, 
2025
10%
 - 
 3.56 
Mercedez-Benz 
Financial Services 
(Daimler Financial 
Services Pvt Ltd )
 60 
July 04, 2025
June 04, 2030
7.72%
 10.04 
 - 
Siemens Financial 
Services Pvt Ltd
 48 December 12, 2021
November 12, 
2025
10%
 - 
 0.30 
Siemens Financial 
Services Pvt Ltd
 48 November 25, 2021
October 25, 2025
10%
 - 
 0.20 
Siemens Financial 
Services Pvt Ltd
 48 
October 14, 2021
September 14, 
2025
10.25%
 - 
 1.06 
Interest accrued on long-term borrowings (included in current borrowings)
 0.06 
 0.03 
Total
 10.10 
 5.15 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 73]
140
NOTE 17: PROVISIONS
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(i)  Non-current
 
(a)  Employee defined benefit obligation - Gratuity [Refer note 35]
 50.76 
 51.49 
Total Long-term provisions 
 50.76 
 51.49 
(ii) Current
 
(a) 
Employee defined benefit obligation - Gratuity [Refer note 35]
 6.80 
 5.41 
 
(b) Provision for warranty [Refer note 33]
 0.66 
 0.33 
Total Short-term provisions
 7.45 
 5.73 
NOTE 18: INCOME TAXES
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(A)   Analysis of Income tax expense recognized in the  Statement of Profit and 
Loss
 
(i)  Amount recognized in profit or loss
 
 
(a) 
Current tax 
 175.12 
 164.17 
 
 
(b) Current tax for the earlier years
 1.16 
 14.12 
 
 
(c) 
Deferred tax 
 22.00 
 15.32 
 198.27 
 193.62 
 
(ii)  Amount recognized in other comprehensive income
 
 
(a) 
Deferred tax 
 0.16 
 (0.55)
 0.16 
 (0.55)
Total Income Tax Expense [ (i) + (ii) ]
 198.44 
 193.07 
(B) Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit multiplied by tax rate:
 
Accounting Profit before tax
 750.42 
 673.89 
 
At India's statutory Income tax rate of 25.168% (March 31, 2025: 25.168%)
 188.87 
 169.60 
 
 Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible (taxable) in calculating taxable 
income
 8.41 
 9.34 
 
Adjustment for change in tax rate
 - 
 - 
 
Income tax related to earlier years
 1.16 
 14.12 
Income tax expense reported
 198.44 
 193.07 
The Company has elected to exercise the option permitted under section 115BAA of the Income-tax Act, 1961 as introduced by the 
Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019. Accordingly, the Company has recognized provision for income tax for the year ended on March 
31, 2021 onwards and remeasured their deferred tax balances basis the rate prescribed in the said section.
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
141
a
a
a
NOTE 19: DEFERRED TAXES
Particulars
Balance at 
beginning of the 
year
Deferred tax 
expense/ (income) 
recognized P & L
Deferred tax 
expense/ (income) 
recognized in OCI
Balance at 
end of the year
For the year ended March 31, 2026
Deferred tax assets
Provisions for employee benefits
 (16.77)
 (0.50)
 0.16 
 (17.11)
Lease liabilities
 (3.25)
 (0.17)
 - 
 (3.41)
Allowance for credit losses
 (3.61)
 - 
 - 
 (3.61)
Disallowance under 43(B)(h)
 (3.84)
 (1.98)
 - 
 (5.82)
Provision for Warranty
 (0.08)
 (0.08)
 - 
 (0.17)
Total deferred tax assets
 (27.55)
 (2.73)
 0.16 
 (30.12)
Deferred tax liabilities
Property, plant and equipment and 
Intangible assets
 94.41 
 24.99 
 - 
 119.40 
Fair value changes of investments
 0.28 
 (0.16)
 - 
 0.12 
Allowance under 43(B)(h)
 3.96 
 (0.12)
 - 
 3.84 
Right of Use Assets
 3.04 
 0.02 
 - 
 3.06 
Total deferred tax liabilities
 101.68 
 24.73 
 - 
 126.41 
Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
 74.13 
 22.00 
 0.16 
 96.29 
For the year ended March 31, 2025
Deferred tax assets
Provisions for employee benefits
 (15.69)
 (1.64)
 0.55 
 (16.77)
Lease liabilities
 (2.00)
 (1.24)
 - 
 (3.25)
Allowance for credit losses
 (3.38)
 (0.23)
 - 
 (3.61)
Disallowance under 43(B)(h)
 (3.96)
 0.12 
 - 
 (3.84)
Provision for Warranty
 (0.33)
 0.25 
 - 
 (0.08)
Total deferred tax assets
 (25.35)
 (2.75)
 0.55 
 (27.55)
Deferred tax liabilities
Property, plant and equipment and 
Intangible assets
 82.48 
 11.93 
 - 
 94.41 
Right of Use Assets
 0.27 
 0.01 
 - 
 0.28 
Allowance under 43(B)(h)
 - 
 3.96 
 3.96 
Fair value changes of investments
 1.96 
 1.08 
 - 
 3.04 
Total deferred tax liabilities
 84.71 
 16.97 
 - 
 101.68 
Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
 59.36 
 14.22 
 0.55 
 74.13 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 74]
142
NOTE 20: TRADE PAYABLES
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(a)  Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises (Refer Note below)
 83.29 
 105.29 
(b)  Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises
 514.70 
 568.31 
Total Trade payables
 597.99 
 673.61 
Ageing of trade payables
Particulars
As at  March 31, 2026
Unbilled
Not due
Less than 
1 year
1-2 
years
2-3 
years
More than 
3 years
Total
Undisputed dues - MSME
 - 
 - 
 83.29 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 83.29 
Undisputed - Others
 - 
 - 
 514.15 
 0.54 
 - 
 - 
 514.70 
Disputed dues-MSME
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Disputed dues- Others
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Total
 - 
 - 
 597.44 
 0.54 
 - 
 - 
 597.99 
Particulars
As at  March 31, 2025
Unbilled
Not due
Less than 
1 year
1-2 
years
2-3 
years
More than 
3 years
Total
Undisputed dues - MSME
 - 
 - 
 105.26 
 0.04 
 - 
 - 
 105.29 
Undisputed - Others
 - 
 - 
 558.11 
 10.21 
 - 
 - 
 568.31 
Disputed dues-MSME
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Disputed dues- Others
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Total
 - 
 - 
 663.36 
 10.25 
 - 
 - 
 673.61 
(a)  The ageing has been determined from the date of the invoice.
(b)  As per information available with the Company there are no dues of micro and small enterprises except as disclosed above . 
NOTE 21: OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(i)  Current
 
(a)  Payable to employees
 37.90 
 31.52 
 
(b)  Other payables
 86.83 
 85.60 
Total Current Other Financial Liabilities
 124.73 
 117.11 
Total Other financial liabilities
 124.73 
 117.11 
NOTE 22: CURRENT TAX LIABILITIES (NET)
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(a) Provision for taxes (net)  *
 26.35 
 34.59 
Total Other financial liabilities
 26.35 
 34.59 
[Net of Advance taxes (including TDS and TCS assets receivable) INR 148.77 Mn [As at March 31, 2025: INR 133.23 Mn]*
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
143
a
a
a
NOTE 23: OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(a) 
Statutory Dues
 45.46 
 91.63 
Total Other current liabilities
 45.46 
 91.63 
NOTE 24: REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Revenue from contract with customers
(a)  Sale of Products
 6,613.63 
 6,077.89 
(b)  Sale of Services
 6.85 
 8.15 
(c)  Other Operating Revenue
 111.53 
 118.07 
Total revenue from operations
 6,732.01 
 6,204.10 
Notes :
(a) 
 The Company recognizes revenue when control over the goods is transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects the 
consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services.
(b)  The Company does not have any significant adjustments between the contracted price and revenue recognized in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
(c) 
The Company recognizes revenue from rendering of services overtime, as when such services are performed.
NOTE 25: OTHER INCOME
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a)  Interest income on financial assets measured at amortized cost
 
(i) 
Interest income from deposits with banks
 29.55 
 38.94 
 
(ii) Unwinding of interest on long term security deposit
 0.09 
 0.09 
(b) Income from Investments
 
(i) 
 Net fair value gains on financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit or loss
 -0.57 
 0.03 
(c) 
Net gain on foreign currency transaction and translation 
 13.36 
 13.03 
(d) Profit on sale of property, plant and equipments
 - 
 0.44 
(e) 
Miscellaneous Income
 0.05 
 0.19 
Total other income
 42.48 
 52.71 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 75]
144
NOTE 26: COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
 Materials Consumed
(a)  Opening stock
 440.51 
 317.56 
(b)  Add: Purchases
 3,652.84 
 3,646.37 
 4,093.35 
 3,963.93 
(c)  Less: Closing stock
 448.61 
 440.51 
Total  materials consumed
 3,644.74 
 3,523.42 
NOTE 27: CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED PRODUCTS AND WORK IN PROGRESS
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Inventories at the beginning of the year
(a)  Finished Goods
 212.12 
 302.11 
(b)  Work in Progress
 259.80 
 185.70 
 471.93 
 487.81 
Inventories at the end of the year
(a)  Finished Goods
 224.30 
 212.12 
(b)  Work in Progress
 237.61 
 259.80 
 461.91 
 471.93 
Net (increase)/decrease in inventory
 10.02 
 15.89 
NOTE 28: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a)  Salaries, Wages and Bonus
 361.56 
 312.20 
(b)  Contribution to provident and other funds
 15.13 
 14.18 
(c)  Gratuity (Refer note 35)
 9.71 
 9.19 
(d)  Staff welfare expenses
 7.67 
 9.82 
Total employee benefits expense
 394.07 
 345.40 
NOTE 29: FINANCE COSTS
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a) 
Interest on financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
 
-  
 Interest expenses on short-term borrowings from banks and financial 
institutions
 61.02 
 83.09 
 
-  
Interest expenses on term loans banks
 8.40 
 23.46 
 
-  
Interest others
 0.73 
 2.00 
(b)  Interest on lease obligations
 1.51 
 1.30 
(c)  Interest expense for short fall on payment of income tax
 0.77 
 3.64 
(d) Other borrowing costs
 8.28 
 9.36 
Total Finance costs
 80.70 
 122.86 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
145
a
a
a
NOTE 30: DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION EXPENSE
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a)  Depreciation on property, plant and equipments
 86.07 
 64.78 
(b)  Amortization of Intangible assets
 0.93 
 0.32 
(c)  Amortization of right of use assets
 3.83 
 3.37 
Total Depreciation and Amortization expense
 90.83 
 68.46 
NOTE 31: OTHER EXPENSE
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a)  Consumption of stores, spare parts and consumables
 266.84 
 300.33 
(b)  Freight, transportation and handling charges
 246.77 
 227.30 
(c)  Power & Fuel expense
 265.75 
 232.35 
(d)  Contractual labor charges
 475.25 
 373.75 
(e)  Work offloading charges
 221.88 
 108.05 
(f)  Commission
 4.08 
 3.41 
(g)  Packing and forwarding expenses
 55.43 
 45.21 
(h) Material Handling & Weightment charges
 21.03 
 9.76 
(i)  Repairs and maintenance expenses
 
- 
Building
 0.93 
 3.79 
 
-  
Plant & Equipments
 48.97 
 24.91 
 
-  
Others
 9.86 
 37.35 
(j)  Travelling, Conveyance, Vehicle Running & Maintenance expenses
 46.76 
 38.35 
(k)  Corporate Social Responsibility [Refer note - 41]
 11.44 
 8.15 
(l) 
 Rental expenses
 8.49 
 14.12 
(m)  Insurance Charges
 5.82 
 5.07 
(n)  Warehouse, Yard and Branch Expenses
 6.22 
 3.64 
(o)  Allowances for expected credit loss
 - 
 0.93 
(p)  Provision for warranty expenses [Refer note - 33]
 29.89 
 24.24 
(q)  Rates & Taxes
 1.75 
 0.45 
(r)  Legal & Professional Charges
 15.52 
 8.13 
(s)  Auditor's Remuneration [Refer note - 31.1]
 1.60 
 1.27 
(t)  Loss on Sale of Asset
 0.80 
 - 
(u) Other General expenses
 58.63 
 36.33 
Total Other expenses
 1,803.71 
 1,506.89 
* Does not include any item of expenditure with a value of more than 1% of the revenue from opeartions
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 76]
146
NOTE 31.1: AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Audit fees - Statutory Audit & Tax Audit 
 0.90 
 0.70 
Audit fees - Limited Review 
 0.60 
 0.50 
Certification
 0.10 
 0.07 
Other Fees
 - 
 - 
Total
 1.60 
 1.27 
NOTE 32: EARNINGS PER SHARE
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(i) Calculation of EPS after giving effect of bonus issue and split
Profit after tax for the year (in INR Mn)
 552.14 
 480.27 
Profit available to the equity shareholders (in INR Mn) (a)
 552.14 
 480.27 
Number of equity shares at the end of the year (b)
 64,509,422.00 
 64,509,422.00 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year (c)
 64,509,422.00 
 59,714,901.76 
Earnings per share (a/b)
Basic earnings per equity share (a/b) (in INR)
 8.56 
 8.04 
Diluted earnings per equity share (a/c) (in INR)
 8.56 
 8.04 
Face Value per share
 5.00 
 5.00 
32.1  The Company has issued and allotted 13,523,189 equity bonus shares in ratio of 1 (one) fully paid up bonus share of the face value of 
INR 10 each for every existing  1 (one) fully-paid  equity share of face value of INR 10 each held as approved by the members at the 
annual general meeting held on October 26, 2023. In terms of IND AS 33, impact of the same has been considered in the calculation 
of Basic and Diluted EPS for the period ended December 31 , 2025 and for the year ended March 31, 2025 retrospectively. 
32.2  Pursuant to Shareholder’s resolution passed at the Extraordinary  General Meeting held on October 26, 2023, the face value per 
equity share of the Company was subdivided from INR 10 each to INR 5 each. Accordingly, the calculation above reflects the effect 
of share split retrospectively for all the periods presented.
NOTE 33: WARRANTY AGAINST PRODUCTS  
The Company extends warranty on certain products manufactured and sold by it. The Company provides  for any anticipated warranty 
costs at the time of recognising the sale based on technical evaluation and estimated costs. The details of movement of provision for 
warranty are given below: 
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Opening balance at the beginning of the year
 0.33 
 1.30 
Provisions recognized during the year
 29.89 
 24.24 
Utilized for meeting the warranty costs
 (29.56)
 (25.22)
Unutilized provisions reversed during the year
 - 
 - 
Closing balance at the end of the year [Refer note 17]
 0.66 
 0.33 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
147
a
a
a
NOTE 34: CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS 
(A) Contingent liabilities 
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(a) Excise duty and service tax matters in dispute relating to applicability and 
classification
 27.67 
 27.67 
(b) Sales tax/ GST in dispute relating to issues of applicability and classification
 3.47 
 3.47 
(c) Income tax matters in dispute*
 16.99 
 16.99 
(d) Bills Discounted with ICICI Bank & DBS Bank  India Limited 1
 349.00 
 324.35 
Total Contingent liabilities
 397.13 
 372.48 
 
(1)  Bills Discounted with recourse to the Company with ICICI Bank Limited & DBS  Bank India Limited
 
 
*The impact/effect of ITAT, Ranchi Bench order still to be received.
 
 
 It is not practicable for the Company to estimate the timings of the cash outflows, if any, pending resolution of the respective 
proceedings. The Company does not expect any reimbursements in respect of the same
(B) Contingent Assets
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Refund/reversal of electricity duty
 45.55 
 - 
(B) Commitments
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
(a) Capital Commitment
 688.42 
 687.54 
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not 
provided for in the books of account
(b) Other Commitment
 - 
 - 
Total Contingent liabilities
 688.42 
 687.54 
NOTE 35: EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
Employees Defined Contribution Plans - Provident Fund
The Company provides Provident Fund facility to its eligible employees. The fund is managed by Commissioner of the Provident Fund. 
The contributions are expensed as they are incurred in line with the treatment of wages and salaries. The liability of the Company is 
limited to the contribution deducted from the salary of the employee and the Company’s share. During the year ended March 31, 2026, the 
Company made contribution plans amounting to INR 13.92 Mn (for the year ended March 31, 2025: INR 13.43 Mn) and same has been 
recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit and loss.
Employee Defined Benefit Plans - Gratuity [funded]
The Company provides for gratuity for employees as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Employees who are in continuous service for 
a period of 5 years are eligible for gratuity. The amount of gratuity payable on retirement/termination of the employees last drawn basic 
salary per month computed proportionately for 15 days salary multiplied by the number of years of service. The gratuity plan is a funded 
plan. The Company does not fully fund the liability and make the payments as and when they become due from its own funds.
Amounts recognized in the financial statements 
 
The amounts recognized in the financial statements and the movements in the net defined benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets 
is as under:
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 77]
148
Particulars
Defined Benefit 
Obligation
Fair value 
of plan assets
Net 
amount
Balance as at March 31, 2024
 61.75 
 7.64 
 54.11 
Current service cost
 5.48 
 - 
 5.48 
Interest expense/ income
 4.30 
 0.59 
 3.71 
Total amount recognized in profit or loss
 9.79 
 0.59 
 9.19 
Remeasurement
Return on plan assets, excluding amounts included in interest 
expense/(income)
 - 
 (0.08)
 0.08 
Actuarial (gain)/loss from change in financial assumptions
 2.88 
 - 
 2.88 
Actuarial (gain)/loss from unexpected experience
 (0.76)
 - 
 (0.76)
Total amount recognized in OCI
 2.12 
 (0.08)
 2.20 
Employer contributions/ premium paid
 - 
 8.60 
 (8.60)
Benefit payments
 1.87 
 1.87 
 - 
Balance as at March 31, 2025
 71.78 
 14.88 
 56.90 
Current service cost
 6.10 
 - 
 6.10 
Interest expense/ income
 4.67 
 1.06 
 3.61 
Total amount recognized in profit or loss
 10.77 
 1.06 
 9.71 
Remeasurement
Return on plan assets, excluding amounts included in interest 
expense/(income)
 - 
 (0.15)
 0.15 
Actuarial (gain)/loss from change in financial assumptions
 (2.21)
 - 
 (2.21)
Actuarial (gain)/loss from unexpected experience
 1.42 
 - 
 1.42 
Total amount recognized in OCI
 (0.78)
 (0.15)
 (0.64)
Employer contributions/ premium paid
 - 
 8.42 
 (8.42)
Benefit payments
 5.89 
 5.89 
 - 
Balance as at March 31, 2026
 75.87 
 18.32 
 57.55 
(i) 
Classification of the obligation into current and non current
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Current
 50.76 
 51.49 
Non-Current
 6.80 
 5.41 
Total
 57.55 
 56.90 
(ii)  Significant estimates: actuarial assumptions
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Rate of discounting
7.05%
6.70%
Rate of salary increase
7.00%
7.00%
Mortality rate during employment
 Indian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14) 
ultimate 
 Indian Assured Lives 
Mortality (2012-14) 
ultimate 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
149
a
a
a
(iii)  Sensitivity analysis  
Particulars
 For the Year Ended March 31, 2026  For the year ended March 31, 2025 
The sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to 
changes in the weighted principal assumptions is:
Increase
Decrease
Increase
Decrease
Discount rate (+/- 0.5%)
(2.98)
3.21
(2.81)
3.01 
 Salary growth rate (+/- 0.5 %) 
 3.22 
 (2.87)
2.97 
(2.86)
 
 The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions occurring at the 
end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant.
 
 The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the projected benefit obligation as it is 
unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the assumptions may be correlated.
 
 Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the projected benefit obligation has been calculated 
using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same method as applied in calculating the 
projected benefit obligation as recognized in the balance sheet.
 
 There was no change in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from prior years.
(iv) Major categories of plans asset
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Funded by policy of insurance with LIC
 18.32 
 14.88 
(v) Risk exposure
 
Actuarial Risk :
 
 Adverse Salary Growth Experience : Salary hikes that are higher than the assumed salary escalation will result into an increase in 
Obligation at a rate that is higher than expected.
 
 Variability in withdrawal rates : If actual withdrawal rates are higher than assumed withdrawal rate assumption then the Gratuity 
Benefits will be paid earlier than expected. The impact of this will depend on whether the benefits are vested as at the resignation date. 
Variability immortality rates : If actual mortality rates are higher than assumed mortality rate assumption then the Gratuity Benefits 
will be paid earlier than expected. Since there is no condition of vesting on the death benefit, the acceleration of cash flow will lead 
to an actuarial loss or gain depending on the relative values of the assumed salary growth and discount rate.
 
Investment Risk :
 
 For funded plans that rely on insurers for managing the assets, the value of assets certified by the insurer may not be the fair value 
of instruments backing the liability. In such cases ,the present value of the assets is independent of the future discount rate. This can 
result in wide fluctuations in the net liability or the funded status if there are significant changes in the discount rate during the inter-
valuation period.
 
Liquidity risk :
 
 Employees with high salaries and long durations or those higher in hierarchy, accumulate significant level of benefits. If some of such 
employees resign/retire from the Company there can be strain on the cash flows.
 
Market Risk :
 
 Market risk is a collective term for risks that are related to the changes and fluctuations of the financial markets. One actuarial 
assumption that has a material effect is the discount rate. The discount rate reflects the time value of money. An increase in discount 
rate leads to decrease in Defined Benefit Obligation of the plan benefits & vice versa. This assumption depends on the yields on the 
corporate/government bonds and hence the valuation of liability is exposed to fluctuations in the yields as at the valuation date.
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 78]
150
 
Regulatory Risk :
 
 Gratuity Benefit must comply with the requirements of the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 (as amended up-to-date). There is a risk of 
change in the regulations requiring higher gratuity payments (e.g. raising the present ceiling of INR 2 Mn, raising accrual rate from 
15/26 etc). During the year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 there were no amendment, curtailments and settlements in 
the gratuity plan and post retirement pension plans.
(vi)  Other disclosures
 
(a)  Expected contribution for next year (12 months) : INR 6.80 Mn
 
(b) Weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 8.66 years (March 31, 2025: 8.76 years)
 
(c) 
Estimated Cash Flows (Undiscounted) in subsequent years
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Within 1 year
 4.01 
 4.21 
2 to 5 years
 27.53 
 23.42 
6 to 10 years
 42.70 
 41.81 
NOTE 36: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
The financial assets and financial liabilities of the Company at the end of the year and the transition date is as under:
Particulars
Classification 
of the assets / 
liabilities
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value
Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value
Financial assets
Investments in equity instruments
 Amortized Cost 
 49.62 
 49.62 
 49.62 
 49.62 
Trade receivables
 Amortized Cost 
 1,971.69 
 1,971.69 
 1,819.18 
 1,819.18 
Investments in mutual fund
 FVTPL 
 16.39 
 16.39 
 10.96 
 10.96 
Cash and cash equivalents
 Amortized Cost 
 44.40 
 44.40 
 828.43 
 828.43 
Other balances with bank
 Amortized Cost 
 192.95 
 192.95 
 14.35 
 14.35 
Other Financial assets (Current & non-current)
 Amortized Cost 
 48.00 
 48.00 
 64.44 
 64.44 
 Total 
 2,323.04 
 2,323.04 
 2,786.97 
 2,786.97 
Financial liabilities
Long-term borrowings (including current maturity 
and accrued interest thereon)
 Amortized Cost 
 336.23 
 336.23 
 129.25 
 129.25 
Short-term borrowings
 Amortized Cost 
 187.42 
 187.42 
 197.37 
 197.37 
Lease liabilities (Current & non-current)
 Amortized Cost 
 13.57 
 13.57 
 12.90 
 12.90 
Trade payables
 Amortized Cost 
 597.99 
 597.99 
 673.61 
 673.61 
Other financial liabilities (Current & non-current)
 Amortized Cost 
 124.73 
 124.73 
 117.11 
 117.11 
 Total 
 1,259.93 
 1,259.93 
 1,130.24 
 1,130.24 
(i)   The carrying amounts of current financial assets and liabilities carried at amortized cost closely approximate to their fair values as 
the impact of discounting on such financial assets or liabilities is not significant considering the instruments matures in a very short 
time.
(ii)  Unsecured loans from related parties are repayable on demand and accordingly represents its fair value.
(iii)   Long-term security deposits are repayable on closure of contracts i.e., repayable on demand and accordingly carrying amount reflect 
its fair values. The same can be categorized as Level 3 fair value.
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
151
a
a
a
(iv)   Long-term borrowings carries both fixed and variable rate of interest. For variable interest rate borrowings, carrying amounts are 
considered to represent fair value of such borrowings. For fixed rate borrowings fair values have been determined using discounted 
cash flow approach using the current interest rates. The fair values of the borrowings can be categorized as Level 2 fair values.
Fair value hierarchy
 This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that are (a) recognized 
and measured at fair value and (b) measured at amortized cost and for which fair values are disclosed in the financial statements. To 
provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Company has classified its financial instruments 
into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standard.
(a)  Level 1 - Quoted prices in an active market:
 
 This level of hierarchy includes financial assets that are measured by reference to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for 
identical assets or liabilities.
(b)  Level 2 - Fair values determined using valuation techniques with observable inputs:
 
 The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using valuation techniques which 
maximize the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required 
to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.
(c)  Level 3 - Fair values determined using valuation techniques with unobservable inputs:
 
 This level of hierarchy includes financial assets and financial liabilities measured using inputs that are not based on observable 
market data (unobservable inputs). Fair values are determined in whole or in part, using a valuation model based on assumptions that 
are neither supported by prices from observable current market transactions in the same instrument nor are they based on available 
market data.
 
 The following table summarizes the financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and financial assets that 
are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis (but fair value disclosure are required):
Particular
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2024
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
(a) 
 Current investments classified as fair 
value through PL 
 16.39 
 - 
 - 
 10.96 
 - 
 - 
 
There are no transfers between levels 1, 2 and 3 during any of the periods/ years.
NOTE 37: CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
Risk management
The Company’s objectives when managing capital are to:
(a) 
 Safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for 
other stakeholders, and
(b) Maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.
 
 The capital structure of the Company consists of debt, cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to equity shareholders of the 
Company which comprises issued share capital and accumulated reserves disclosed in the  Statement of Changes in Equity and debts 
appearing as part of the borrowings.
 
 The capital structure of the Company is based on management’s judgement of the appropriate balance of key elements in order to 
meet its strategic and day-to-day needs. The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in 
economic conditions and the requirements of the financial covenants. The funding requirement is met through a mixture of equity, 
long term borrowings and short term borrowings.
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 79]
152
NOTE 38: RECONCILIATION OF DEBT  
This section sets out an analysis of debt and the movements therein 
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Long-term borrowings including current maturities 
 291.42 
 53.26 
Short-term borrowings
 232.23 
 273.36 
Lease obligations (current and non-current)
 13.57 
 12.90 
 537.22 
 339.52 
Particulars
Long-term 
borrowings 
including current 
maturities
Short-term 
borrowings
Lease obligations 
(current and non-
current)
Balance as at March 31, 2024
 356.59 
 814.45 
 7.95 
Borrowings recognized for new leases taken during the year
 - 
 - 
 9.23 
Proceeds from borrowings during the year
 83.95 
 63.89 
 - 
Interest expense for the year
 23.46 
 83.09 
 - 
Interest paid during the year
 (23.06)
 (83.09)
 1.30 
Repayment of borrowings / lease liability during the year
 (311.70)
 (680.97)
 (3.88)
Revocation of Lease Liability during the year
 - 
 - 
 (1.71)
Balance as at March 31, 2025
 129.25 
 197.37 
 12.90 
Borrowings recognized for new leases taken during the year
 - 
 - 
 4.92 
Proceeds from borrowings during the year
 280.35 
 70.71 
 - 
Interest expense for the year
 8.40 
 61.02 
 - 
Interest paid during the year
 (8.06)
 (61.02)
 1.51 
Repayment of borrowings / lease liability during the year
 (73.70)
 (80.66)
 (4.69)
Revocation of Lease Liability during the year
 - 
 - 
 (1.07)
Balance as at March 31, 2026
 336.23 
 187.42 
 13.57 
NOTE 39: FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
In the course of its business, the Company is exposed primarily to fluctuations in interest rates, liquidity and credit risk, which may 
adversely impact the fair value of its financial instruments. In order to minimize any adverse effects on the financial performance of the 
Company, the Company has risk management policies as described below:
(a)  Credit risk
 
 Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to a 
financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (primarily trade receivables) including deposits 
with banks and financial institutions, foreign exchange transactions, other financial instruments carried at amortized cost.
 
 Financial instruments that are subject to credit risk and concentration thereof principally consist of trade receivables, cash and cash 
equivalents and other bank balances held by the Company. Trade receivables, cash and cash equivalents and other bank balances of 
the Company result in material concentration of credit risk.
 
 The carrying value of financial assets represent the maximum credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk being the total 
carrying value of trade receivables, balances with bank, bank deposits, and other financial assets are as follows-
Particulars
Maximum Credit 
Risk (in INR Mn)
Financial Year 2025-26
 2,323.04 
Financial Year 2024-25
 2,786.97 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
153
a
a
a
 
Trade receivables
 
 Customer credit risk is managed by the Company through established policy and procedures and control relating to customer credit 
risk management. Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally carrying 30 to 60 days credit terms. The Company 
has a detailed review mechanism of overdue customer receivables at various levels within the organization to ensure proper attention 
and focus for realization. The Company periodically assesses the financial reliability of customers, taking into account the financial 
condition, current economic trends and ageing of accounts receivable.
 
Financial assets are considered to be of good quality and there is no significant increase in credit risk.
 
 The requirement for impairment is analyzed at each reporting date. The Company’ receivables turnover is quick and historically, 
there was no significant defaults on account of those customer in the past. Ind AS requires an entity to recognize in profit or loss, the 
amount of expected credit losses (or reversal) that is required to adjust the loss allowance at the reporting date to the amount that is 
required to be recognized in accordance with Ind AS 109, Financial Instruments. Expected credit losses are measured at an amount 
equal to the life time expected credit losses. The Company has used a practical expedient by computing the expected credit loss 
allowance for trade receivables based on a provision matrix. The provision matrix takes into account historical credit loss experience 
and adjusted for forward-looking information. The outstanding receivables are regularly monitored to minimize the credit risk.
 
 The Company evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low, as its customers are located in several 
jurisdictions and industries and operate in largely independent markets. Of the trade receivables balance, INR 1021.77 Mn in 
aggregate (INR 1,068.43 Mn as at March 31, 2025) is due from the Company’s customers individually representing more than 5% 
of the total trade receivables balance and accounted for approximately 54.19% as at March 31, 2026, 66.06% as at March 31, 2025 
of all the receivables outstanding.
 
 Other financial instruments and bank deposits
 
 Credit risk from balances with banks is managed by the Company’s finance department in accordance with the Company’s policy. 
Counterparty credit limits are reviewed by the Parent Company’s Board of Directors on an annual basis, and may be updated 
throughout the year subject to approval of the Company’s Board of Directors. The limits are set to minimize the concentration of 
risks and therefore mitigate financial loss through counterparty’s potential failure to make payments.
 
Balances with banks and deposits are placed only with highly rated banks/financial institution.
(b)  Liquidity risk
 
 Liquidity risk is the risk that an entity will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities that are 
settled by delivering cash or another financial asset.
 
 Management monitors rolling forecasts of the Company’s liquidity position and cash and cash equivalents on the basis of expected 
cash flows. This is generally performed in accordance with practice and limits set by the Company.
 
Maturities of financial liabilities
 
The tables below analyze the Company’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity based on their contractual maturities.
 
 The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying 
balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 80]
154
 
Contractual Maturities of financial liabilities
Particulars
As at March 31, 2026
Less than 
1 year
1-2 
years
2-3 
years
More than 
3 years
Total
Borrowings and interest thereon
 231.74 
 72.65 
 62.66 
 182.70 
 549.75 
Lease liabilities
 3.29 
 2.66 
 0.71 
 6.91 
 13.57 
Trade payables
 597.99 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 597.99 
Other financial liabilities
 124.73 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 124.73 
Total financial liabilities
 957.74 
 75.31 
 63.37 
 189.61 
 1,286.03 
Particulars
As at March 31, 2025
Less than 
1 year
1-2 
years
2-3 
years
More than 
3 years
Total
Borrowings and interest thereon
 261.02 
 35.90 
 16.82 
 4.70 
 318.44 
Lease liabilities
 2.83 
 2.85 
 2.18 
 5.03 
 12.90 
Trade payables
 673.61 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 673.61 
Other financial liabilities
 117.11 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 117.11 
Total financial liabilities
 1,054.58 
 38.76 
 19.00 
 9.73 
 1,122.07 
(c)  Market Risk
 
Interest rate risk
 
 Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in 
market interest rates. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Company’s debt 
obligations with floating interest rates.
 
 The Company’s fixed rate borrowings are carried at amortized cost. They are therefore not subject to interest rate risk, since neither 
the carrying amount nor the future cash flows will fluctuate because of a change in market interest rates.
 
Interest rate risk exposure on financial liabilities
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Fixed rate borrowings
 47.70 
 59.20 
Variable rate borrowings
 475.95 
 267.42 
Total borrowings
 523.65 
 326.62 
 
Sensitivity to changes in interest rates 
 
 
 
Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/ lower interest expense from borrowings as a result of changes in interest rates as below:
Particulars
For the year ended  
March 31, 2026
For the year ended  
March 31, 2025
Monetory 
Liabilities
Monetory Assets
Monetory 
Liabilities
Monetory Assets
Interest expense rates – increase by 50 basis points 
(50 bps)*
 2.38 
 1.78 
 1.34 
 1.00 
Interest expense rates – decrease by 50 basis points 
(50 bps)*
 (2.38)
 (1.78)
 (1.34)
 (1.00)
 
*Holding all other variables constant
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
155
a
a
a
 
Foreign currency risk
 
 The Company undertakes transactions (e.g. sale of goods, foreign currency loan, purchase of raw materials, etc.) denominated in 
foreign currencies and thus is exposed to exchange rate fluctuations. The Company evaluates its exchange rate exposure arising from 
foreign currency transactions and manages the same based upon approved risk management policies.  The carrying amounts of the 
Company’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
Particulars
For the year ended  
March 31, 2026
For the year ended  
March 31, 2025
Monetory 
Liabilities
Monetory Assets
Monetory 
Liabilities
Monetory Assets
US Dollar (not hedged)
 - 
 23.23 
 - 
 17.64 
EURO (not hedged)
 54.15 
 139.77 
 26.31 
 112.12 
 
Sensitivity to changes in exchange rate 
 
 The following table details the Company’s sensitivity to a 10% increase and decrease in exchange rate between the pairs of currencies. 
The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the 
period end for 10% change in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis has been undertaken on net unhedged exposure in 
foreign currency. 
Particulars
For the year ended  
March 31, 2026
For the year ended  
March 31, 2025
Impact on 
profit before tax
Impact on 
equity
Impact on 
profit before tax
Impact on equity
Increase in rate of 1 US$ against INR by 10%
 2.32 
 1.74 
 1.76 
 1.32 
Decrease in rate of 1 US$ against INR by 10%
 (2.32)
 (1.74)
 (1.76)
 (1.32)
Increase in rate of 1 EURO against INR by 10%
 8.56 
 6.41 
 8.58 
 6.42 
Decrease in rate of 1 EURO against INR by 10%
 (8.56)
 (6.41)
 (8.58)
 (6.42)
NOTE 40: DISCLOSURES REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 22 OF THE MICRO, SMALL AND MEDIUM ENTERPRISES 
DEVELOPMENT ACT, 2006
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Principal amount remaining unpaid to the suppliers as at the end of the accounting year
 83.29 
 105.29 
Interest due thereon remaining unpaid to suppliers as at the end of the accounting year
 0.71 
 1.92 
Interest paid in terms of Section 16 along with the amount of payments made to suppliers 
beyond the appointment day during the year
 - 
 - 
Interest due and payable for the period of delays in making payment (which have been 
paid beyond the appointment date during the year but without adding interest specified 
under the act)
 - 
 - 
The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of the accounting 
year.
 0.71 
 1.92 
The above information have been disclosed to the extent such suppliers could be identified by the management on the basis of information 
available with the Company and the same has been relied upon by the auditors.
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 81]
156
NOTE 41: CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Amount required to be spent during the year
 11.36 
 8.03 
Amount approved by the board to be spent during the year
 11.36 
 13.95 
Amount spent during the period on:
(i)  Construction/acquisition of any asset
 - 
 - 
(ii)  On purposes other than (i) above
 11.44 
 13.95 
Amount of expenditure incurred
 11.44 
 13.95 
Excess incurred at the end of the year
 0.09 
 - 
Total of previous years shortfall
 - 
 - 
Cumulative Shortfall
Nature of CSR activities
Activities specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013
 11.44 
 13.95 
Details of related party transactions
 Nil 
 Nil 
As per section 135(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, Inter alia,  in every financial year, at least two per cent of the average net profits of the 
Company made during the three immediately preceding financial years, in pursuance of its Corporate Social Responsibility Policy.
NOTE 42: DETAILS OF BENAMI PROPERTY
There have been no proceedings initiated or pending against the Company for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions 
(Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and the rules made thereunder.
NOTE 43: TITLE DEED OF IMMOVABLE PROPERTY NOT HELD IN THE NAME OF THE COMPANY
The title deed of the immovable properties (other than properties where company is the lessee and the lease agreement are duly executed 
in favor of leasee ), to the financial statements, are held in the name of the Company.
NOTE 44: STRUCK OFF COMPANIES
The Company does not have any transactions with struck off companies under section 248 of the Companies Act 2013 or section 560 of 
the Companies Act 1956.
NOTE 45: SEGMENT DISCLOSURES
The Company is engaged in manufacturing of critical components for commercial vehicles and Tractors. The performance of the Company 
is assessed and reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (‘CODM’) as a single operating segment and accordingly logistics and 
allied services is the only operating segment.
The Company is domiciled in India, and also provides services in India. The amount of its revenue from external customers split by 
location of the customers is shown in the table below.
Particulars
For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
India
 6,529.76 
 6,007.54 
Outside India
 202.25 
 196.56 
 6,732.01 
 6,204.10 
There are no non-current assets located in foreign countries.
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
157
a
a
a
NOTE 46: WILFUL DEFAULTER
The Company is not declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender in accordance with the guidelines on 
wilful defaulters issued by the Reserve Bank of India.
NOTE 47: REGISTRATION OF CHARGES
There are no charges or satisfaction which are yet to be registered with Registrar of Companies beyond the statutory period.
NOTE 48: UNDISCLOSED INCOME
There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the current or previous year in the tax assessments under Income Tax Act, 
1961 that has not been recorded in the books of accounts.
NOTE 49: COMPLIANCE  WITH APPROVAL SCHEME AND ARRANGEMENT
The Company has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting impact on current or previous financial year.
NOTE 50: UTILIZATION OF BORROWINGS AVAILED FROM BANKS AND FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
The Company has used the borrowings from banks and financial institutions for the specific purpose for which it was taken during the 
current or previous financial year.
NOTE 51: RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
(a)  List of related parties and relationship
S. 
No.
Particulars
Relationship / Designation
Related parties where control exists :
(i)
Enterprises over which Key Management Personnel and their relatives are 
able to exercise significant influence
Tuff Seals Private Limited
(ii)
Firm where director is a proprietor
Bull Auto Parts
(iii)
Hindu undivided Family of  Director
Dipak Rai (HUF) [ Sudhir Rai - Karta]
Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) : 
(i)
Mr. Sudhir Rai
Chairman and Managing Director
(ii)
Mrs. Anita Rai
Whole Time Director
(iii)
Mr. Sumeet Rai
Whole Time Director
(iv)
Mr. Kunal Rai
Whole Time Director (Finance) and CFO
(v)
Mr. K Suresh Babu (ceased w.e.f October 21, 2023)
Director
(vi)
Mr. Rahul Rungta (ceased w.e.f May, 2023)
Company Secretary
(vii)
Mrs. Sangita Kumari Agarwal (ceased w.e.f  November 16, 2023)
Company Secretary
(viii)
Ms. Debolina Karmakar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
(ix)
Mr. Sanjiv Paul 
Independent Director
(x)
Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja
Independent Director
(xi)
Mr. Mukesh Kumar Agarwal 
Independent Director
(xii)
Mrs. Deepa Verma 
Independent Director
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 82]
158
(b)  Transactions with the related parties
S. 
No.
Name of the 
Related party
Relationship
Nature of 
transactions
Transaction 
amount for 
the year 
ended
Outstanding
Transaction 
amount for 
the year 
ended
Outstanding
March 31, 2026
March 31, 2025
1
Tuff Seals Private 
Limited
Enterprises over which 
Key Management 
Personnel and their 
relatives are able to 
exercise significant 
influence
Purchase of 
goods
 1.01 
 - 
 2.84 
 0.53 
2
Bull Auto Parts
Firm where director is a 
proprietor
Sale of goods
 93.54 
 49.38 
 121.01 
 70.21 
3
Mr. Sudhir Rai
Chairman and 
Managing Director
Remuneration
 3.60 
 0.21 
 3.60 
 0.23 
Unsecured Loan
 - 
 12.53 
 - 
 12.53 
Dividend Paid
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
4
 Mrs. Anita Rai
Whole Time Director
Remuneration
 2.40 
 0.16 
 2.40 
 0.16 
Unsecured Loan
 - 
 3.42 
 - 
 3.42 
Dividend Paid
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
5
Mr. Sumeet Rai
Whole Time Director
Remuneration
 2.40 
 0.14 
 2.40 
 0.14 
Unsecured Loan
 - 
 0.86 
 - 
 0.86 
Dividend Paid
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
6
Mr. Kunal Rai
Whole Time Director 
(Finance) and CFO
Remuneration
 2.40 
 0.14 
 2.40 
 0.14 
Unsecured Loan
 - 
 0.79 
 - 
 0.79 
Dividend Paid
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
7
Ms. Debolina 
Karmakar
Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer
Salary
 1.11 
 0.12 
 0.73 
 0.06 
 - 
 - 
8
Mr. Sanjiv Paul 
Independent Director
Sitting Fees
 0.18 
 - 
 0.24 
 0.03 
9
Mr. Gurvinder 
Singh Ahuja 
Independent Director
Sitting Fees
 0.18 
 - 
 0.24 
 0.03 
10
Mr. Mukesh Kumar 
Agarwal
Independent Director
Sitting Fees
 0.18 
 - 
 0.18 
 0.03 
11
Mrs. Deepa Verma 
Independent Director
Sitting Fees
 0.18 
 - 
 0.24 
 0.03 
NOTE 52: ANALYTICAL RATIOS
Ratios
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Percentage 
change (%)
Remarks
Current Ratio
 3.46 
 3.21 
 0.08 NA
Debt-equity ratio
 0.12 
 0.12 
 (0.00) NA
Debt Service Coverage Ratio
 4.90 
 1.59 
 2.08 Significant portion of term loan 
repayment from IPO Proceeds were 
made in previous year.
Return on investment
13.02%
13.90%
 (0.06) NA
Return on Equity Ratio 
 171.18% 
161.98%
 0.06 NA
Inventory turnover ratio
 14.16 
 12.67 
 0.12 NA
Trade Receivables turnover ratio 
 3.55 
 4.25 
 (0.16) NA
Trade payables turnover ratio
 8.58 
 8.88 
 (0.03) NA
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
159
a
a
a
Ratios
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Percentage 
change (%)
Remarks
Net Capital turnover ratio
 2.59 
 3.78 
 (0.46) Increase in revenue along with increase 
in working capital following lower 
current liabilities
Net profit ratio
 0.08 
7.741%
 0.06 NA
Return on Capital employed 
15.03%
 16.74%
 (0.10) NA
Ratios
As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Percentage 
change (%)
Remarks
Current Ratio
 3.21 
 1.37 
 1.35 Improvement is due to repayment of 
borrowings from IPO Proceeds.
Debt-equity ratio
 0.12 
 0.95 
 (0.88) Improvement is due to repayment of 
borrowings from IPO Proceeds.
Debt Service Coverage Ratio
 1.59 
 2.15 
 (0.26) Significant portion of term loan 
repayment from IPO proceeds, while 
same is not considered part of the 
numerator, impacted the ratio.
Return on investment
13.90%
21.64%
 (0.36) Increase in capitalization of fixed assets 
Return on Equity Ratio 
161.98%
221.26%
 (0.27) Increased in overall shareholding 
Inventory turnover ratio
 12.67 
 16.12 
 (0.21) NA
Trade Receivables turnover ratio 
 4.25 
 7.67 
 (0.45) Spin out of the average collection period 
Trade payables turnover ratio
 8.88 
 12.85 
 (0.31) Favorable credit terms from suppliers 
Net capital turnover ratio
 3.78 
 12.02 
 (0.69) Increase in revenue along with increase in 
working capital following lower current 
liabilities
Net profit ratio
7.74%
7.24%
 0.07 NA
Return on Capital employed 
16.74%
28.15%
 (0.41) Due to Frersh Issue of Shares during 
the year
Ratios
Numerator
Denominator
Current Ratio
Current assets
Current liabilities
Debt-equity ratio
Total debt
Total equity
Debt Service Coverage Ratio
Earnings available for debt service=Net Profit after 
taxes + Non-cash operating expenses+Interest expense
Debt Service=Interest and lease payments + 
Principal Repayments
Return on investment
Income generated from invested funds
Average invested funds
Return on Equity Ratio 
Net Profits after taxes – Preference Dividend
Average total equity = (Opening+Closing)/2
Inventory turnover ratio
Sale of Product
Average inventory = (opening Stock of FG and 
WIP+ closing Stock of FG and WIP)/2
Trade Receivables turnover 
ratio 
Revenue from operations
Average of trade receivables = 
(Opening+Closing)/2
Trade payables turnover ratio
Operational expenses
Average of trade payables = 
(Opening+Closing)/2
Net capital turnover ratio
Revenue from operations
Working capital = Current assets - current 
liabilities
Net profit ratio
Net Profits after taxes
Revenue from operations
Return on Capital employed Earnings before interest and taxes
Capital employed = Net worth + Long term 
borrowing + Lease liability + Deferred tax 
liability
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 83]
160
NOTE 53: BORROWING SECURED AGAINST CURRENT ASSETS
The Company has filed quarterly returns or statements with the banks in lieu of the sanctioned working capital facilities, which are in 
agreement with the books of account other than those as set out below.
(i) 
For the Financial Year 2024-25
Quarter 
Name of the Bank
Particular of Security 
provided
Amount as 
per Book
Amount as 
per Return
Difference Reason for the 
difference
June-24
HDFC BANK 
Limited, AXIS 
BANK Limited, 
DBS BANK INDIA 
Limited, CANARA 
BANK
Finished Goods, Raw 
Materials, Stores & 
Spares, Semi Finished 
Goods and Furnace 
Oil etc.
 944.33 
 917.40 
 (26.93) Stock reported to bank 
is net figure which is 
exclusive of GST.
Sundry Debtors
 1,157.47 
 957.40 
 (200.07) Various period end and 
year end adjustments 
are accounted for post 
submission of the 
statement with the bank.
September-24
HDFC BANK 
Limited, AXIS 
BANK Limited, 
DBS BANK INDIA 
Limited
Finished Goods, Raw 
Materials, Stores & 
Spares, Semi Finished 
Goods and Furnace 
Oil etc.
 951.90 
 951.90
 - 
Sundry Debtors
 1,324.00 
 1,068.00 
 (256.00) Various period end and 
year end adjustments 
are accounted for post 
submission of the 
statement with the bank. 
December-24
HDFC BANK 
Limited, AXIS 
BANK Limited, 
DBS BANK INDIA 
Limited
Finished Goods, Raw 
Materials, Stores & 
Spares, Semi Finished 
Goods and Furnace 
Oil etc.
 978.10 
 978.10 
 - 
Sundry Debtors
 1,563.56 
 1,158.00 
 (405.56) Various period end and 
year end adjustments 
are accounted for post 
submission of the 
statement with the bank. 
March-25
HDFC BANK 
Limited, AXIS 
BANK Limited, 
DBS BANK INDIA 
Limited
Finished Goods, Raw 
Materials, Stores & 
Spares, Semi Finished 
Goods and Furnace 
Oil etc.
 985.50 
 985.50 
 - 
Sundry Debtors
 1,819.18 
 1,620.30 
 (198.88) Various period end and 
year end adjustments 
are accounted for post 
submission of the 
statement with the bank. 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
161
a
a
a
(i)  For the Financial Year 2025-26 
Quarter 
Name of the Bank
Particular of Security 
provided
Amount as 
per Book
Amount as 
per Return
Difference Reason for the 
difference
June-25
HDFC BANK 
Limited, AXIS 
BANK Limited, 
DBS BANK INDIA 
Limited
Finished Goods, Raw 
Materials, Stores & 
Spares, Semi Finished 
Goods and Furnace 
Oil etc.
 993.78 
 986.00 
 (7.78) Stock reported to bank 
is net figure which is 
exclusive of GST.
Sundry Debtors
 1,633.69 
 1,482.20 
 (151.49) Various period end and 
year end adjustments 
are accounted for post 
submission of the 
statement with the bank.
September-25
HDFC BANK 
Limited, AXIS 
BANK Limited, 
DBS BANK INDIA 
Limited
Finished Goods, Raw 
Materials, Stores & 
Spares, Semi Finished 
Goods and Furnace 
Oil etc.
 1,066.42
 989.20 
 (77.22) Stock reported to bank 
is net figure which is 
exclusive of GST.
Sundry Debtors
 1,641.44 
 1,447.90 
 (193.54) Various period end and 
year end adjustments 
are accounted for post 
submission of the 
statement with the bank. 
December-25
HDFC BANK 
Limited, AXIS 
BANK Limited, 
DBS BANK INDIA 
Limited
Finished Goods, Raw 
Materials, Stores & 
Spares, Semi Finished 
Goods and Furnace 
Oil etc.
 1,048.20 
 1,052.20 
 4.00 The discrepancy is on 
account of the details 
being submitted on 
the provisional books/
financial statements. 
Changes pertaining to 
goods in transit, work 
in progess and finished 
goods, elimination of 
Gross margin on stock 
are done on finalization 
of books of accounts/
financial statements.
Sundry Debtors
 1,648.80 
 1,665.80 
 17.00  Various period end and 
year end adjustments 
are accounted for post 
submission of the 
statement with the bank. 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 84]
162
Quarter 
Name of the Bank
Particular of Security 
provided
Amount as 
per Book
Amount as 
per Return
Difference Reason for the 
difference
March-25
HDFC BANK 
Limited, AXIS 
BANK Limited, 
DBS BANK INDIA 
Limited
Finished Goods, Raw 
Materials, Stores & 
Spares, Semi Finished 
Goods and Furnace 
Oil etc.
 1,055.50 
 1,075.80 
 20.30 The discrepancy is on 
account of the details 
being submitted on 
the provisional books/
financial statements. 
Changes pertaining to 
goods in transit, work 
in progess and finished 
goods, elimination of 
Gross margin on stock 
are done on finalization 
of books of accounts/
financial statements.
Sundry Debtors
 1,971.69 
 2,087.20 
 115.51  Various period end and 
year end adjustments 
are accounted for post 
submission of the 
statement with the bank. 
NOTE 54: UTILIZATION OF FUNDS RAISED THROUGH INITIAL PUBLIC OFFER (IPO) 
 
 
INR 2369.19 Mn have been received in the Escrow account(net off estimated offer expenses INR 130.81 miilions) from proceeds of fresh 
issue of equity shares. Full amount of INR 2369.19 miilions have been transferred to the Company’s account.Further, the fund raized from 
offer for sale were remitted to the selling shareholders( net off estimated offer expenses borne/ to be borne by the selling shareholders). The 
utilization of the net proceeds is summarized as below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Particulars
Net IPO 
proceeds to be 
utilized as per 
prospectus (A)
Utilization 
of Net IPO 
proceeds up to 
March, 2026
Untilised Net 
IPO proceeds 
as on March 
31, 2026 (A-B)
Funding of capital expenditure 
 700.00 
 700.00 
 - 
Repayment or prepayament, in full or in
 900.00 
 900.00 
 - 
Funding working capital of the Company 
 300.00 
 300.00 
 - 
General corporate purpose
 469.19 
 469.19 
 - 
Total(A)
 2,369.19 
 2,369.19 
 - 
Offer expenses (B)
 130.81 
 130.81 
 - 
Total (A + B)
 2,500.00 
 2,500.00 
 - 
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 
163
a
a
a
NOTE 55: COMPLIANCE WITH NUMBER OF LAYERS OF COMPANIES
The Company doesn’t have any downstream subsidiary Companies hence complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) 
of section 2 of the Act read with the Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017 is not applicable.
NOTE 56:
The dividend paid by the Company is based on the profit available for distribution as reported in the financial statement. The Company had 
not declared or paid any dividend during the year, therefore compliance with section 123 of the Companies Act, 2013 is not applicable.
NOTE 57: UTILIZATION OF BORROWED FUND OR SHARE PREMIUM
No funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) 
by the Company to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the 
like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries. No funds have been received by the Company from any person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
NOTE 58: LOAN AND ADVANCE TO SPECIFIED PERSON
There are no loans and advances which are given to specified person as defined in Companies Act 2013.
NOTE 59: DETAILS OF CRYPTO CURRENCY OR VIRTUAL CURRENCY
The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the current and previous financial year.
NOTE 60: VALUATION OF PP&E, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS, INTANGIBLE ASSET AND INVESTMENT PROPERTY
The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) or intangible assets or both during the 
current or previous financial year.
NOTE 61: APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The financial statements has been approved for issue by the resolution of the board of directors dated May 12, 2026
NOTE 62: RECLASSIFICATION
Previous year figures have been regrouped/ rearranged/ reclassified wherever necessary. Further, there are no material regrouping/ 
reclassifications during the year.
For S K Naredi & Co. LLP
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants
KROSS LIMITED
ICAI Firm Regn Number : 003333C/C400397
CIN : L29100JH1991PLC004465
Abhishek Agarwal
Sudhir Rai
Anita Rai
Partner
Chairman & Managing Director
Whole Time Director
M No: 414050
DIN: 00512423
DIN: 00513329
Kunal Rai
Debolina Karmakar
Jamshedpur, India
Whole Time Director & CFO
Company Secretary
May 12, 2026
DIN: 06863533
M No: ACS62738
NOTES FORMING PART OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTD.)
(Amounts in INR Mn, unless stated otherwise) 

[page 85]
164
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT the Thirty Fifth (35th) 
Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) of Kross Limited (‘Kross’) 
will be held on Wednesday September 16, 2026 at 11 A.M. 
(IST) through Video Conferencing (‘VC’)/ Other Audio Visual 
Means (‘OAVM’) to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. 
 ADOPTION 
OF 
AUDITED 
STANDALONE 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE REPORTS 
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND AUDITORS 
THEREON FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 
2026
 
 To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions:
 
 “RESOLVED THAT the Audited Standalone Financial 
Statements of the Company for the Financial Year ended 
March 31, 2026 and the reports of the Board of Directors 
and Auditors thereon, as circulated to the Members, be and 
are hereby considered and adopted”.
2. 
 TO CONSIDER RE-APPOINTMENT OF MR 
SUMEET RAI (DIN 02304257) AS DIRECTOR OF 
THE COMPANY WHO RETIRES BY ROTATION 
AND BEING ELIGIBLE, OFFERS HIMSELF FOR 
RE-APPOINTMENT
 
 To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions:
 
 “RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions 
of Section 152 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Sumeet Rai (DIN: 02304257), 
who retires by rotation and being eligible offers himself for 
re-appointment, be and is hereby re-appointed as a Director 
of the Company, liable to retire by rotation.”
 
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
152 of the Companies Act 2013 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made 
thereunder including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment thereof for the time being in force, Mr. Sumeet 
Rai (DIN: 02304257), who retires by rotation as a Director 
at this Annual General Meeting, and being eligible, offers 
himself for re-appointment, be and is hereby re-appointed 
as a Director of the Company whose period of office shall 
be liable to determination by retirement of Directors by 
rotation”.
NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
3. 
 RATIFICATION OF REMUNERATION PAYABLE TO 
COST AUDITORS FOR FY 2026-27:
 
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as an Ordinary Resolution:
 
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of 
Section 148(3) and other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being 
in force), the Company hereby ratifies the remuneration 
of INR70,000/- (Rupees Seventy Thousand only) plus 
applicable taxes and out-of-pocket expenses at actuals, if 
any, payable to M/s. Sohan Lal Jalan and Associates, Cost 
Accountants, having Firm Registration No. 000521 and 
having office at Suren Sarkar Road, Kolkata – 700010, 
who have been appointed by the Board of Directors on 
the recommendation of Audit Committee, as the Cost 
Auditors of the Company to conduct the Audit of the Cost 
Records maintained by the Company as prescribed under 
the Companies (Cost Record and Audit) Rules, 2014 as 
amended for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2027”.
4. 
 RE-APPOINTMENT OF MR. SANJIV PAUL (DIN: 
00086974) AS AN 
INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTOR 
(CATEGORY – NON- EXECUTIVE) FOR A SECOND 
TERM OF 3 (THREE) YEARS
 
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as a Special Resolution:
 
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
149, 150 and 152 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read with Schedule IV to 
the Act and the Companies (Appointment and Qualification 
of Directors) Rules, 2014 and such other rules, as may be 
applicable, Regulation 17 and other applicable provisions 
of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, (the “Listing Regulations”) as amended 
from time to time, and the Articles of Association of 
the Company and based on the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board 
of Directors of the Company, Mr. Sanjiv Paul (DIN: 
00086974) who was appointed as an Independent Director 
of the Company and who holds office as an Independent 
Director up to October 26, 2026, and who has submitted 
165
a Notice
NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTD.)
a declaration that he meets the criteria of independence as 
provided in Section 149(6) of the Act along with the rules 
made thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing 
Regulations, and who is eligible for re-appointment as a 
Non-Executive, Independent Director of the Company, 
under the provisions of the Act, Rules made thereunder 
and the Listing Regulations, and in respect of whom the 
Company has received a Notice in writing under Section 160 
of the Companies Act, 2013, proposing his candidature for 
re-appointment to the office of Non-Executive, Independent 
Director of the Company, be and is hereby re-appointed as 
a Non-Executive, Independent Director of the Company, 
for a term of 3 (three) consecutive years commencing from 
October 26, 2026 up to and including October 25, 2029 
and whose office shall not be liable to retire by rotation.
 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions 
of Sections 149, 197, and other applicable provisions of the 
Act and the Rules made thereunder, Mr. Sanjiv Paul shall be 
entitled to receive the sitting fees as permitted to be received 
in the capacity of Non-Executive, Independent Director 
under the Act and Listing Regulations, as recommended by 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approved 
by the Board of Directors, from time to time.
 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors 
(including any Committee(s) thereof) and the Company 
Secretary be and are hereby severally authorized to do all 
acts and take all such steps as may be necessary, proper, or 
expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
5. 
 RE-APPOINTMENT OF MR. GURVINDER SINGH 
AHUJA (DIN: 08132223) AS AN IINDEPENDENT 
DIRECTOR (CATEGORY – NON- EXECUTIVE) FOR 
A SECOND TERM OF 3 (THREE) YEARS
 
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as a Special Resolution:
 
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
149, 150 and 152 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read with Schedule IV to 
the Act and the Companies (Appointment and Qualification 
of Directors) Rules, 2014 and such other rules, as may be 
applicable, Regulation 17 and other applicable provisions 
of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, (the “Listing Regulations”) as amended 
from time to time, and the Articles of Association of 
the Company and based on the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board 
of Directors of the Company, Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja 
(DIN: 08132223) who was appointed as an Independent 
Director of the Company and who holds office as an 
Independent Director up to October 26, 2026, and who 
has submitted a declaration that he meets the criteria of 
independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act 
along with the rules made thereunder and Regulation 16(1)
(b) of the Listing Regulations, and who is eligible for re-
appointment as a Non-Executive, Independent Director of 
the Company, under the provisions of the Act, Rules made 
thereunder and the Listing Regulations, and in respect 
of whom the Company has received a Notice in writing 
under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013, proposing 
his candidature for re-appointment to the office of Non-
Executive, Independent Director of the Company, be and 
is hereby re-appointed as a Non-Executive, Independent 
Director of the Company, for a term of 3 (three) consecutive 
years commencing from October 26, 2026 up to and 
including October 25, 2029 and whose office shall not be 
liable to retire by rotation.
 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions 
of Sections 149, 197, and other applicable provisions of 
the Act and the Rules made thereunder, Mr. Gurvinder 
Singh Ahuja shall be entitled to receive the sitting fees as 
permitted to be received in the capacity of Non-Executive, 
Independent Director under the Act and Listing Regulations, 
as recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and approved by the Board of Directors, from 
time to time.
 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors 
(including any Committee(s) thereof) and the Company 
Secretary be and are hereby severally authorized to do all 
acts and take all such steps as may be necessary, proper, or 
expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
6. 
 RE-APPOINTMENT OF MS. DEEPA VERMA (DIN: 
10359047) AS AN 
INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTOR 
(CATEGORY – NON- EXECUTIVE) FOR A SECOND 
TERM OF 3 (THREE) YEARS.
 
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as a Special Resolution:
 
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
149, 150 and 152 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read with Schedule IV to 
the Act and the Companies (Appointment and Qualification 
of Directors) Rules, 2014 and such other rules, as may be 
applicable, Regulation 17 and other applicable provisions 
of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, (the “Listing Regulations”) as amended 
from time to time, and the Articles of Association of 
the Company and based on the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board 

[page 86]
166
of Directors of the Company, Ms. Deepa Verma (DIN: 
10359047) who was appointed as an Independent Director 
of the Company and who holds office as an Independent 
Director up to October 26, 2026, and who has submitted a 
declaration that she meets the criteria of independence as 
provided in Section 149(6) of the Act along with the rules 
made thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing 
Regulations, and who is eligible for re-appointment as a 
Non-Executive, Independent Director of the Company, 
under the provisions of the Act, Rules made thereunder 
and the Listing Regulations, and in respect of whom the 
Company has received a Notice in writing under Section 160 
of the Companies Act, 2013, proposing her candidature for 
re-appointment to the office of Non-Executive, Independent 
Director of the Company, be and is hereby re-appointed as 
a Non-Executive, Independent Director of the Company, 
for a term of 3 (three) consecutive years commencing from 
October 26, 2026 up to and including October 25, 2029 
and whose office shall not be liable to retire by rotation.
 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions 
of Sections 149, 197, and other applicable provisions of the 
Act and the Rules made thereunder, Ms. Deepa Verma shall 
be entitled to receive Sitting fees as permitted to be received 
in the capacity of Non-Executive, Independent Director 
under the Act and Listing Regulations, as recommended by 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approved 
by the Board of Directors, from time to time.
 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors 
(including any Committee(s) thereof) and the Company 
Secretary be and are hereby severally authorized to do all 
acts and take all such steps as may be necessary, proper, or 
expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
7. 
 APPOINTMENT OF MR. SHARAT CHANDRA 
KUMAR 
(DIN 
10223173) 
AS 
INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTOR (CATEGORY – NON-EXECUTIVE) FOR 
A FIRST TERM OF 3 (THREE) YEARS.
 
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as a Special Resolution:
 
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
149, 150 and 152 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”), read with Schedule IV to 
the Act and the Companies (Appointment and Qualification 
of Directors) Rules, 2014, and such other rules, as may be 
applicable, Regulation 17 and other applicable regulations 
of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”) as amended 
from time to time and pursuant to the provisions of Articles 
of Association of the Company, recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board 
of Directors of the Company, Mr. Sharat Chandra Kumar 
(DIN: 10223173), who has been appointed as an Additional 
Director (Independent) of the Company with effect from 
July 24, 2026, in terms of Section 161 of the Act and who 
holds office up to the date of this Annual General Meeting 
has submitted a declaration that he meets the criteria of 
independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act along 
with the rules made thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of 
the Listing Regulations and who is eligible for appointment 
under the provisions of the Act, Rules made thereunder 
and the Listing Regulations and in respect of whom the 
Company has received a Notice in writing under Section 
160 of the Companies Act, 2013, proposing his candidature 
for the office of Non-Executive, Independent Director of the 
Company, be and is hereby appointed as a Non- Executive, 
Independent Director of the Company for a term of 3 (three) 
consecutive years commencing from July 24, 2026, up to 
and including July 23, 2029, and whose office shall not be 
liable to retire by rotation.
 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions 
of Sections 149, 197, and other applicable provisions of the 
Act and the Rules made thereunder, Mr. Sharat Chandra 
Kumar shall be entitled to receive the sitting fees as 
permitted to be received in the capacity of Non-Executive, 
Independent Director under the Act and Listing Regulations, 
as recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and approved by the Board of Directors, from 
time to time.
 
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors 
(including any Committee(s) thereof) and the Company 
Secretary be and are hereby severally authorized to do 
all such acts, and take all such steps as may be necessary, 
proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
 Kross Limited
SD/-
Sudhir Rai
Place: Jamshedpur 
 
Chairman and Managing Director
Date: July 24, 2026
(DIN: 00512423)
Registered Office:
M-4, PHASE-VI, GAMHARIA,
ADITYAPUR INDUSTRIAL AREA,
JAMSHEDPUR, Gamharia,
Seraikela Kharsawan, Jharkhand 832108
CIN: L29100JH1991PLC004465
Tel.: 7280026478
Website: https://www.krosslimited.com/
e-mail: investors@krossindia.com
NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTD.)
167
a Notice
NOTES:
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) vide its Circular No. 
3/2025 dated September 22, 2025 (In continuation with the 
Circulars issued earlier in this regard) (“MCA Circulars”) has 
permitted the companies to hold their Annual General Meeting 
(“AGM” or “Meeting”) through Video Conference (“VC”) or 
through Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”) without the 
physical presence of Members at a common venue. In compliance 
with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
and Secretarial Standard-2 on General Meetings (“SS-2”) issued 
by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India and MCA 
Circulars, the 35th AGM of the Company is being held virtually.
The Notice convening this AGM along with the Annual Report for 
FY 2025-26 is being sent by electronic mode to those Members 
whose e-mail address is registered with the Company/Depositories, 
unless a member has specifically requested for a physical copy of 
the same. Members may kindly note that the Notice convening this 
AGM and Annual Report for FY 2025-26 will also be available 
on the Company’s website www.krosslimited.com, website of 
the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited (BSE) and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (NSE) at www.bseindia. com and 
www.nseindia.com , respectively and on the website of National 
Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) at https://www.evoting.
nsdl.com. The Company will also publish an advertisement in 
the newspapers containing details of the AGM and other relevant 
information for Members viz. manner of registering e-mail Id., 
Cut-off date for e-voting, etc.
1) 
Appointment of Proxy and Attendance Slip:
 
 Since the 35th AGM is being held through VC/OAVM in 
accordance with the MCA Circulars, physical attendance of 
Members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility 
of appointment of proxy would not be available to the 
Members for attending the 35th AGM, and therefore, proxy 
form and attendance slip are not annexed to this Notice.
 
 Since this AGM is held through Video Conference/Other 
Audio Visual Means (“VC/OAVM”), route map to the venue 
is not required and therefore, the same is not annexed to this 
Notice.
2) 
 Institutional / Corporate Shareholders (i.e. other than 
individuals / HUF, NRI, etc.) are required to send a scanned 
copy (PDF/JPG Format) of its Board or governing body 
Resolution/Authorization etc. authorizing its representative 
to attend the AGM through VC / OAVM on its behalf and 
to vote through remote e-voting pursuant to Section 113 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”). In the absence 
of such resolution from any of them, would be considered 
as ‘not voted’. The said Resolution/Authorization shall be 
sent to the Scrutinizer by email through its registered email 
address to spsoffice77@gmail.com with a copy marked to 
investors@krossindia.com and evoting@nsdl.com
3) 
 The statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies 
Act, 2013, setting out the material facts in respect of the 
business under Item Nos. 3 to 7 set out in this Notice 
and the details under Regulation 36(3) of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and clause 
1.2.5 of Secretarial Standard on General Meeting (SS-2) 
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, in 
respect of the persons seeking appointment/ re-appointment 
as Director at the AGM, is annexed hereto as Annexure A.
4) 
 Brief particulars of the Directors proposed to be re-appointed/
appointed, as mandated under Regulation 36(3) of Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) 
and in terms of Para 1.2.5 of Secretarial Standard on General 
Meetings (SS-2) is annexed hereto and forms part of this 
Notice.
5) 
 Members attending the meeting through VC/OAVM shall be 
reckoned for the purpose of quorum under Section 103 of the 
Act, in case of voting by joint holders, voting by such joint 
holder who is higher in the order of the names as per the 
Register of Members of the Company, as of the cut-off date, 
will be counted for the purpose of this Meeting. Members 
holding equity shares as on September 09, 2026 (“Cut-off 
date”) may join the AGM anytime 30 minutes before the 
scheduled time by following the procedure outlined in the 
Notice. A person who is a Member as on the Cut-off date 
shall be eligible to attend and vote on resolutions proposed 
at the AGM. Any person who is not a Member as on the 
Cut-off date shall treat this Notice for informational purpose 
only.
6) 
 The Company has appointed Mr. Sital Prasad Swain, 
Practising Company Secretaries (Membership No – F6338 
Certificate of Practice No – 6814) as the Scrutinizer for 
scrutinizing the remote e-voting process as well as voting at 
the AGM in a fair and transparent manner.
7) 
 Mandatory updation of PAN, KYC, Nomination and 
Bank details by Members:
 
 Members holding shares in demat mode are requested to 
update their details with their Depository Participants at the 
earliest.
8) 
 To support the ‘Green Initiative’, Members who have not yet 
registered their E-mail addresses are requested to register 
the same with their DPs in case the shares are held by them 
in electronic form.
NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTD.)

[page 87]
168
9) 
 Electronic dissemination of the AGM Notice and Annual 
Report: Electronic/digital copy of the Annual Report for 
FY 2025-26 and Notice convening the 35th AGM are being 
sent to all Members whose e-mail Id. are registered with 
the RTA/ Company/Depositories. Members who have not 
registered their e-mail Id. may get the same registered by 
with their Depository Participants. For Members who have 
not registered their e-mail address, a letter containing exact 
web-link of the website i.e. https://www.krosslimited.com/ 
where details pertaining to the entire Annual Report is 
hosted is being sent at the address registered in the records 
of RTA/Company/Depositories.
 
 The Company shall provide hard copy of the Annual Report 
for FY 2025-26 to the Members, upon request.
10) E-voting:
 
• 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, 
as amended and Secretarial Standard 2 on General 
Meetings issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India, and Regulation 44 of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, the Company has extended the 
facility of voting through electronic means including 
‘Remote e-voting’ (e-voting other than at the AGM) 
to transact the business mentioned in the Notice 
convening the 35th AGM., the Company has engaged 
services of NSDL, for providing e-Voting services.
 
• 
 In terms of the provisions of Section 107 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, since the resolutions as set out 
in this Notice are being conducted through e-voting, 
the said resolutions will not be decided on a show of 
hands at the AGM. However, facility for casting vote 
during the AGM through e-voting would be provided 
to the Members who have not cast their vote through 
remote e-voting earlier.
 
• 
 Necessary arrangements have been made by the 
Company to facilitate ‘Remote e-voting’ as well as 
e-voting at the aforementioned AGM. Members shall 
have the option to vote either through remote e-voting 
(during the remote e-voting window) or at the AGM.
 
• 
 Voting rights of Members shall be reckoned on the 
paid-up value of equity shares registered in their name 
as on the Cut-off date.
 
• 
 Members whose name is recorded in the Register 
of Members or in the Register of Beneficial Owners 
maintained by the Depositories as on the Cut-off date, 
shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting 
or e-voting at the AGM, as the case may be.
 
• 
 The procedure for e-voting on the day of the AGM is 
identical to Remote e-voting instructions as outlined in 
this Notice.
 
• 
 Remote e-voting facility will begin from Sunday 
September 13, 2026 at 09:00 AM to Tuesday 
September 15, 2026 at 05:00 PM, after which the 
facility will be disabled by NSDL and remote e-voting 
shall not be allowed beyond the said date and time. 
During this period shareholders of the Company, 
holding shares in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off 
date Wednesday September 09, 2026 may cast their 
votes electronically.
 
• 
 Any person who becomes a Member of the Company 
after dispatch of the Notice and holds equity shares as 
on the Cut-off date can vote by following the procedure 
for e-voting, as outlined in the Notice. If you are 
already registered with NSDL for remote e-voting, 
then you can use your existing user ID and password 
for casting your vote. If you forgot your password, you 
can reset your password by using “Forgot User Details/
Password” or “Physical User Reset Password” option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on 022 - 
4886 7000. In case of Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode who acquire shares and become 
Member after the notice is sent through e-mail and 
holding shares as of the Cut-off date may follow steps 
mentioned in the Notice. The procedure for e-voting 
on the day of the AGM is identical to Remote e-voting 
instructions as outlined in this Notice.
 
• 
 Members present at the 35th AGM and who have not 
cast their vote on resolutions set out in the Notice 
convening the AGM through remote e-voting and 
who are not otherwise barred from doing so, shall be 
allowed to cast their vote through e-voting facility 
during the AGM.
 
• 
 However, Members who have exercised their right to 
vote during the Remote e-voting period may attend the 
AGM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.
 
• 
 Once the vote on a resolution is cast, Member shall not 
be allowed to change the same subsequently or cast 
vote again.
 
• 
 Members can opt for only one mode of voting i.e. either 
through Remote e-voting or e-voting at the AGM. If a 
Member cast votes by both modes, then voting done 
through Remote e-voting shall prevail.
11)  Inspection of documents: The Register of Directors 
and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding, 
maintained under Section 170 of the Act, and the Register 
NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTD.)
169
a Notice
of Contracts or Arrangements in which the Directors are 
interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Act and 
all other documents will be available electronically for 
inspection by the Members during the 35th AGM. All 
documents referred to in the Notice will also be available for 
electronic inspection without any fee by the Members during 
the AGM. Members seeking to inspect such documents can 
send an e-mail to investors@krossindia.com
12) Speaker registration/facility for non-speakers: Process
 
Registration as speaker at the AGM
 
 Members who would like to express their views/ ask 
questions as a speaker at the AGM may pre-register 
themselves by sending a request from their registered 
e-mail address mentioning their names, DP ID and Client 
ID/Folio No., and Mobile No. at investors@krossindia.com 
on or before Wednesday September 09, 2026. Only those 
Members who have pre-registered themselves as a speaker 
on the dedicated e-mail id i.e. investors@krossindia.com 
will be allowed to express their views/ask questions during 
the AGM
 
 The Company reserves the right to restrict the number of 
questions and/or number of speakers during the AGM, 
depending upon availability of time and for smooth conduct 
of the meeting. However, the Company will endeavor to 
respond to the questions which have remained unanswered 
during the meeting to the respective shareholders.
 
 Facility for non-speakers
 
 Members who wish to obtain any information on the Annual 
Report for FY 2025-26 or have questions on the financial 
statements and/or matters to be placed at the 35th AGM, may 
send a communication from their registered e-mail address 
mentioning their names, DP ID and Client ID/Folio No., 
and Mobile No. at investors@krossindia.com on or before 
Wednesday September 09, 2026.
13) Declaration of results of voting:
 
 After conclusion of the meeting, the Scrutinizer will submit 
the report on votes cast in favor or against and invalid votes, 
if any, to the Chairman or any other person authorized by 
him, who shall countersign the same, and the result of the 
voting will be declared within the time stipulated under the 
applicable laws.
 
 The voting results along with the Scrutinizer’s report, 
will be hosted on the Company’s website, https://www.
krosslimited.com/, website of NSDL, https:// www.evoting.
nsdl.com/ , displayed on the Notice Board of the Company at 
the Registered Office and will be simultaneously forwarded 
to the Stock Exchanges i.e. National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited and BSE Limited.
 
 The Members are requested to submit their nomination 
Form No. SH-13 to their DP in case the shares are held by 
them in electronic form. For any help, please contact RT&A 
or Company on given email addresses.
 
 1) 
 The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) 
has mandated the submission of Permanent Account 
Number (PAN) by every participant in securities 
market. The Members holding shares in electronic 
form are, therefore, requested to submit their PAN to 
their Depository Participant(s).
 
2) 
 Members may also note that the Notice of the 35th 
AGM and the Annual Report for FY 2025-26 are 
available on the Company’s website at https://www.
krosslimited.com/
NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTD.)

[page 88]
170
INSTRUCTIONS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND ACCESS TO THE 35TH AGM
Members are requested to follow the instructions given below to cast their vote through e-voting and to access the Video Conference 
facility at the AGM:
A. 
 The remote e-voting period begins on Sunday September 13, 2026 (IST) (Server time) at 09:00 AM and ends on Tuesday 
September 15, 2026 at 05:00 PM, (IST) (Server time). During this period, shareholders holding shares in dematerialized form as 
on the ‘Cut-off date’ i.e. Wednesday September 09, 2026 may cast their vote electronically by logging to NSDL website at https:// 
www.evoting.nsdl.com//
 
The e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter.
B. 
 Detailed steps on the process and manner for remote e-voting/e-voting at the AGM and to access the VC facility at the AGM, is given 
below:
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) 
Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode
 
 In terms of SEBI circular dated December 09, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository 
Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting 
facility.
 
 Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders
 Login Method
Individual Shareholders 
holding 
securities 
in 
demat mode with NSDL.
1. 
 For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.
jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and 
generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can 
see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
2. 
 Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either 
on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IdeAS’ section , this will prompt you to 
enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to 
see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting 
services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
3. 
 If you are not registered for IdeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.
com. Select “Register Online for IdeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
IdeasDirectReg.jsp
4. 
 Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.
evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting 
system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ 
section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat 
account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can 
see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will 
be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
ANNEXURE 1 - TO AGM NOTICE
171
a Notice
5. 
 Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning 
the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
Individual Shareholders 
holding 
securities 
in 
demat mode with CDSL
1. 
 Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing user id and 
password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click 
on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi username & password.
2. 
 After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible 
companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking 
the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3. 
 If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website www.
cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.
4. 
 Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number 
and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the 
evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual Shareholders 
(holding 
securities 
in 
demat 
mode) 
login 
through their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository Participant 
registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. Upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting 
option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
 
 Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at abovementioned website.
 
 Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type
Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 – 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a 
request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911
B) 
 Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
 
 How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
 
1. 
 Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on 
a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
 
2. 
 Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ 
section.
ANNEXURE 1 - TO AGM NOTICE (CONTD.)

[page 89]
172
 
3. 
 A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the 
screen.
 
 
 Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your 
existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can 
proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
 
4. 
Your User ID details are given below:
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
 Your User ID is:
a) 
 For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
For example, if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your 
user ID is IN300***12******.
b) 
 For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example, if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user ID 
is 12**************
c) 
 For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form.
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the Company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001***
 
5. 
Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:
 
 
a) 
If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast your vote.
 
 
b) 
 If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was 
communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system 
will force you to change your password.
 
 
c) 
How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
 
 
 
(i) 
 If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the Company, your ‘initial password’ is communicated 
to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the 
attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8-digit client ID for NSDL 
account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file 
contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.
 
 
 
(ii)  If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those shareholders whose 
email ids are not registered.
 
6. 
 If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
 
 
a) 
 Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
 
 
b) 
 Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.
com.
 
 
c) 
 If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at evoting@nsdl.com 
mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc.
 
 
d) 
 Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL.
 
7. 
 After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
 
8. 
Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
 
9. 
 After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.
ANNEXURE 1 - TO AGM NOTICE (CONTD.)
173
a Notice
 
 Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General 
Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
 
 How to cast your vote electronically and join General 
Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
 
1. 
 After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see 
all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding 
shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is 
in active status.
 
2. 
 Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to 
cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period and 
casting your vote during the General Meeting. For 
joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/
OAVM” link placed under “Join Meeting”.
 
3. 
 Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page 
opens.
 
4. 
 Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. 
assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares 
for which you wish to cast your vote and click on 
“Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.
 
5. 
 Upon 
confirmation, 
the 
message 
“Vote 
cast 
successfully” will be displayed.
 
6. 
 You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you 
by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
 
7. 
 Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will 
not be allowed to modify your vote.
 
General Guidelines for shareholders
 
1. 
 Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, 
HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy 
(PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ 
Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of 
the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized 
to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to spsoffice77@
gmail.com and/or sitalpr@yahoo.co.in with a copy 
marked to investors@krossindia.com and evoting@
nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than 
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board 
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. 
by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution / Authority 
Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their login.
 
2. 
 It is strongly recommended not to share your password 
with any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password confidential. Login to the e-voting website 
will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key 
in the correct password. In such an event, you will need 
to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or 
“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
 
3. 
 In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently 
Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the 
download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call 
on.: 022 – 4886 7000 or send a request to Ms. Pallavi 
Mhatre, DVP, NSDL at evoting@nsdl.com
 
 
 Process for those shareholders whose email ids are 
not registered with the depositories for procuring 
user id and password and registration of e mail ids 
for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
 
 
1. 
 In case shares are held in physical mode please 
provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), 
PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar 
Card) by email to investors@krossindia.com
 
 
2. 
 In case shares are held in demat mode, please 
provide DPID-CLID (16-digit DPID + CLID 
or 16-digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master 
or copy of Consolidated Account statement, 
PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar 
Card) to investors@krossindia.com. If you are 
an Individual shareholder holding securities 
in demat mode, you are requested to refer to 
the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. 
Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual 
meeting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode.
 
 
3. 
 Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a 
request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user 
id and password for e-voting by providing above 
mentioned documents.
 
 
4. 
 In terms of SEBI circular dated December 09, 
2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories 
and 
Depository 
Participants. 
Shareholders are required to update their mobile 
number and email ID correctly in their demat 
account in order to access e-Voting facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR E-VOTING 
ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER: -
1. 
 The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the EGM/AGM 
is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote 
e-voting.
ANNEXURE 1 - TO AGM NOTICE (CONTD.)

[page 90]
174
2. 
 Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in 
the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not 
casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting 
and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible 
to vote through e-Voting system in the EGM/AGM.
3. 
 Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be 
eligible to attend the EGM/AGM. However, they will not be 
eligible to vote at the EGM/AGM.
4. 
 The details of the person who may be contacted for any 
grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the 
day of the EGM/AGM shall be the same person mentioned 
for Remote e-voting.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING 
THE 
EGM/AGM 
THROUGHVC/OAVM 
ARE 
AS 
UNDER:
1. 
 Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EGM/
AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting 
system. Members may access by following the steps 
mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. 
After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” 
placed under “Join meeting” menu against company 
name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed 
under Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be 
available in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of 
Company will be displayed. Please note that the members 
who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting 
or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve 
the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions 
mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
2. 
 Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through 
Laptops for better experience.
3. 
 Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use 
Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during 
the meeting.
4. 
 Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile 
Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile 
Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation 
in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to 
use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of 
aforesaid glitches.
5. 
 Shareholders who would like to express their views/have 
questions may send their questions in advance mentioning 
their name demat account number/folio number, email id, 
mobile number at investors@krossindia.com. The same will 
be replied by the Company suitably.
6. 
 Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask 
questions as a speaker at the Meeting may pre-register 
themselves by sending a request from their registered e-mail 
address mentioning their names, DP ID and Client ID/folio 
number, PAN and mobile number at investors@krossindia.
com on or before Wednesday September 09, 2026 Only 
those Shareholders who have pre-registered themselves as a 
speaker will be allowed to express their views/ask questions 
during the AGM. The Company reserves the right to restrict 
the number of speakers depending on the availability of time 
for the AGM.
7. 
 Shareholders attending the AGM through VC/OAVM shall 
be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under 
Section 103 of the Act.
LIVE WEBCAST OF THE AGM:
Members will be able to view the live webcast of AGM provided 
by NSDL at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com following the steps 
mentioned above for login to NSDL e-voting system. After 
successful login, you can see webcast link placed under Join 
meeting menu against the Company name. You are requested to 
click on Webcast link- placed under “Join Meeting” menu.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
 Kross Limited
SD/-
Sudhir Rai
Place: Jamshedpur 
 
       Chairman and Managing Director
Date: July 24, 2026
(DIN: 00512423)
Registered Office:
M-4, PHASE-VI, GAMHARIA,
ADITYAPUR INDUSTRIAL AREA,
JAMSHEDPUR, Gamharia,
Seraikela Kharsawan, Jharkhand 832108
CIN: L29100JH1991PLC004465
Tel.: 7280026478
Website: https://www.krosslimited.com/
e-mail: investors@krossindia.com
ANNEXURE 1 - TO AGM NOTICE (CONTD.)
175
a Notice
EXPLANATORY 
STATEMENT 
PURSUANT 
TO 
SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013
Item No. 3:
RATIFICATION OF REMUNERATION PAYABLE TO COST 
AUDITORS FOR FY 2026-27:
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Companies (Audit and Auditors) 
Rules, 2014 (“the Rules”) the Company is required to appoint 
a Cost Auditor to audit the cost records of the Company, for 
products and services, specified under Rules issued in pursuance 
to the above section.
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee and the 
Board of Directors at their respective meetings held on May 12, 
2026 has approved the appointment of M/s. Sohan Lal Jalan 
and Associates, Cost Accountants, having Firm Registration 
No. 000521, to conduct audit of cost records maintained by 
the Company for the Financial Year ending March 31, 2027, at 
a remuneration not exceeding INR70,000/- (Rupees Seventy 
Thousand only) plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of 
expenses at actuals and out-of-pocket expenses as may be incurred 
by the Cost Auditors.
Your Company has received consent from M/s Sohan Lal Jalan 
and Associates, Cost Accountants, to act as the Cost Auditors of 
your Company for the financial year 2026-27 along with certificate 
confirming their independence and eligibility. In accordance with 
the provisions of Section 148 of the Act read with the Rules, the 
remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors has to be approved / 
ratified by the Shareholders of the Company. Accordingly, the 
consent of the shareholders is sought for the purpose.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Persons and their 
relatives are concerned or interested in the resolution set out at 
No. 3.
The Board recommends the resolution as set out at Item No. 3 for 
approval by the Members as an Ordinary Resolution.
Item No. 4:
RE-APPOINTMENT OF MR. SANJIV PAUL (DIN: 00086974) 
AS AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR (CATEGORY – NON- 
EXECUTIVE) FOR A SECOND TERM OF 3 (THREE) YEARS
Mr. Sanjiv Paul (DIN: 00086974) was appointed as an Independent 
Director of the Company pursuant to Extra Ordinary general 
Meeting of the Company held on October 26, 2023 who holds 
office as an Independent Director up to October 26, 2026.
Basis the annual performance evaluation of Mr. Sanjiv Paul and 
considering his experience and contributions made during his 
tenure as an Independent Director, as well as considering that 
his continued association would be beneficial to the Company, 
ANNEXURE – A
the Board of Directors, basis the recommendation of the NRC, 
at its meeting held on July 24, 2026, subject to the approval of 
the members, approved re-appointment of Mr. Sanjiv Paul, as a 
Non- Executive Independent Director of the Company for a term 
of three years commencing from October 26, 2026 to October 25, 
2029.
The Company has received a Notice in writing from a Shareholder 
under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013, proposing his 
candidature to the office of Independent Director of the Company. 
Mr. Paul was a Former Vice President at Tata Steel and Managing 
Director at Tata Metaliks, Mr. Paul holds a Bachelor’s Degree 
in Science from Regional Institute of Technology, Ranchi 
University, and has completed the General Management Program 
at the European Centre for Continuing Education
The Company has received declaration from him confirming 
that he meets the criteria of independence as provided in Section 
149(6) of the Act and Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 
16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. He has further confirmed 
that he is not aware of any circumstances or situation which 
exists or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or 
impact his ability to discharge his dues in terms of Regulation 
25(8) of Listing Regulations. He has also confirmed that he 
is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, with 
respect to the registration with the data bank of Independent 
Directors maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs.
He has also confirmed that he is not disqualified from being 
appointed as Director, in terms of the provisions of Section 164 
of the Act and is not debarred to hold the office of a Director by 
virtue of any order passed by SEBI or any other authority and 
has given his consent to act as a Director of the Company. There 
is no inter se relationship between him and any other member of 
the Board and other Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.
The terms and conditions of his re-appointment will be open for 
inspection by members in the manner as specified in the Notice up 
to the date of the Annual General Meeting.
In compliance with the provisions of Section 149 read with 
Schedule IV to the Act and Regulations 17 and 25 of SEBI Listing 
Regulations and other applicable Regulations, the re-appointment 
of Mr. Sanjiv Paul as Non-Executive and Independent Director 
are being placed before the members for their approval by way of 
a Special Resolution.
The Board recommends the special resolution set out in Item No. 
4 of the Notice, for approval of the members by means of a special 
resolution. Mr. Paul abstained from discussions and voting on the 
matters concerning his appointment during the meetings of NRC 
as well as the Board of Directors.

[page 91]
176
None of the Directors and / or Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company and / or their respective relatives, except Mr. Sanjiv 
Paul and his relatives, is concerned or interested, in the Resolution 
mentioned at Item No. 4 of the Notice.
Item No. 5:
RE-APPOINTMENT OF MR. GURVINDER SINGH AHUJA 
(DIN: 08132223) AS AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
(CATEGORY – NON- EXECUTIVE) FOR A SECOND TERM 
OF 3 (THREE) YEARS
Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja (DIN: 08132223) was appointed as an 
Independent Director of the Company pursuant to Extra Ordinary 
general Meeting of the Company held on October 26, 2023 who 
holds office as an Independent Director up to October 26, 2026.
Basis the annual performance evaluation of Mr. Gurvinder Singh 
Ahuja and considering his experience and contributions made 
during his tenure as an Independent Director, as well as considering 
that his continued association would be beneficial to the Company, 
the Board of Directors, basis the recommendation of the NRC, 
at its meeting held on July 24, 2026, subject to the approval of 
the members, approved re-appointment of Mr. Gurvinder Singh 
Ahuja, as a Non- Executive Independent Director of the Company 
for a term of three years commencing from October 26, 2026 to 
October 25, 2029.
The Company has received a Notice in writing from a Shareholder 
under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013, proposing his 
candidature to the office of Independent Director of the Company. 
Mr Ahuja is a chartered accountant. He was previously associated 
with Tata Motors Limited as Plant Finance Head at Jamshedpur & 
Pune. He also held the position of Chief Financial Officer at TML 
Drivelines Limited, a Tata Group company.
The Company has received declaration from him confirming 
that he meets the criteria of independence as provided in Section 
149(6) of the Act and Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 
16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. He has further confirmed 
that he is not aware of any circumstances or situation which 
exists or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or 
impact his ability to discharge his dues in terms of Regulation 
25(8) of Listing Regulations. He has also confirmed that he 
is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, with 
respect to the registration with the data bank of Independent 
Directors maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs.
He has also confirmed that he is not disqualified from being 
appointed as Director, in terms of the provisions of Section 164 
of the Act and is not debarred to hold the office of a Director by 
virtue of any order passed by SEBI or any other authority and 
has given his consent to act as a Director of the Company. There 
is no inter se relationship between him and any other member of 
the Board and other Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.
The terms and conditions of his re-appointment will be open for 
inspection by members in the manner as specified in the Notice up 
to the date of the Annual General Meeting.
In compliance with the provisions of Section 149 read with 
Schedule IV to the Act and Regulations 17 and 25 of SEBI Listing 
Regulations and other applicable Regulations, the re-appointment 
of Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja as Non-Executive and Independent 
Director are being placed before the members for their approval 
by way of a Special Resolution.
The Board recommends the special resolution set out in Item No. 
4 of the Notice, for approval of the members by means of a special 
resolution. Mr. Ahuja abstained from discussions and voting on 
the matters concerning his appointment during the meetings of 
NRC as well as the Board of Directors.
None of the Directors and / or Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company and / or their respective relatives, except Mr. Gurvinder 
Singh Ahuja and his relatives, is concerned or interested, in the 
Resolution mentioned at Item No. 5 of the Notice.
Item No. 6:
RE-APPOINTMENT OF MS. DEEPA VERMA (DIN: 10359047) 
AS AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR (CATEGORY – NON- 
EXECUTIVE) FOR A SECOND TERM OF 3 (THREE) YEARS
Ms. Deepa Verma (DIN: 10359047) was appointed as an 
Independent Director of the Company pursuant to Extra Ordinary 
general Meeting of the Company held on October 26, 2023 who 
holds office as an Independent Director up to October 26, 2026.
Basis the annual performance evaluation of Ms. Deepa Verma 
and considering her experience and contributions made during 
her tenure as an Independent Director, as well as considering that 
her continued association would be beneficial to the Company, 
the Board of Directors, basis the recommendation of the NRC, 
at its meeting held on July 24, 2026, subject to the approval of 
the members, approved re-appointment of Mr. Deepa Verma, as a 
Non- Executive Independent Director of the Company for a term 
of three years commencing from October 26, 2026 to October 25, 
2029.
The Company has received a Notice in writing from a Shareholder 
under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013, proposing her 
candidature to the office of Independent Director of the Company. 
Ms. Verma is a Former Chief Human Resource Business Partner 
at Tata Steel, Ms. Verma holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce 
from the University of Poona and a Post Graduate in Personnel 
Management & Industrial Relations from XLRI – Xavier School 
of Management, Jamshedpur.
ANNEXURE – A (CONTD.)
177
a Notice
The Company has received declaration from her confirming that 
she meets the criteria of independence as provided in Section 
149(6) of the Act and Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 
16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. She has further confirmed 
that she is not aware of any circumstances or situation which 
exists or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or 
impact her ability to discharge her dues in terms of Regulation 
25(8) of Listing Regulations. She has also confirmed that she 
is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and 6(2) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, with 
respect to the registration with the data bank of Independent 
Directors maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs.
She has also confirmed that she is not disqualified from being 
appointed as Director, in terms of the provisions of Section 164 
of the Act and is not debarred to hold the office of a Director by 
virtue of any order passed by SEBI or any other authority and has 
given her consent to act as a Director of the Company. There is 
no inter se relationship between her and any other member of the 
Board and other Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.
The terms and conditions of her re-appointment will be open for 
inspection by members in the manner as specified in the Notice up 
to the date of the Annual General Meeting.
In compliance with the provisions of Section 149 read with 
Schedule IV to the Act and Regulations 17 and 25 of SEBI Listing 
Regulations and other applicable Regulations, the re-appointment 
of Ms. Deepa Verma as Non-Executive and Independent Director 
are being placed before the members for their approval by way of 
a Special Resolution.
The Board recommends the special resolution set out in Item No. 
6 of the Notice, for approval of the members by means of a special 
resolution. Ms. Verma abstained from discussions and voting on 
the matters concerning her appointment during the meetings of 
NRC as well as the Board of Directors.
None of the Directors and / or Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company and / or their respective relatives, except Ms. Deepa 
Verma and her relatives, is concerned or interested, in the 
Resolution mentioned at Item No. 6 of the Notice.
Item No. 7:
APPOINTMENT OF MR. SHARAT CHANDRA KUMAR (DIN 
10223173) AS INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR (CATEGORY 
– NON-EXECUTIVE) FOR A FIRST TERM OF 3 (THREE) 
YEARS
The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 
July 24, 2026, based on the recommendation of the Nomination 
& Remuneration Committee (“NRC”), approved the appointment 
of Mr. Sharat Chandra Kumar (DIN: 10223173) as an Additional 
Director (Independent) subject to the approval of members of the 
Company, to hold office as an Independent Director, not liable 
to retire by rotation, for a term of 3 (three) consecutive years 
commencing from July 24, 2026, up to and including July 23, 
2029. The Company has received a Notice under Section 160 of 
the Act from a Member proposing his candidature to the office of 
Independent Director of the Company.
In terms of the provisions of Section 161 of the Act, Mr Sharat 
Chandra Kumar holds office up to the date of this Annual General 
Meeting (“AGM”) and is eligible for appointment as a Director 
of the Company.
The Company has received requisite declarations and disclosures 
from Mr. Sharat Chandra Kumar confirming that he meets the 
criteria of independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the 
Act and Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the 
Listing Regulations. He has further confirmed that he is not aware 
of any circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably 
anticipated that could impair or impact his ability to discharge his 
duties, in terms of Regulation 25(8) of Listing Regulations. Mr. 
Sharat Chandra Kumar has confirmed his compliance with Rules 
6(1) and 6(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification 
of Directors) Rules, 2014, with respect to the registration with 
the data bank of Independent Directors maintained by the Indian 
Institute of Corporate Affairs.
In terms of the provisions of Section 161 of the Act, Mr Sharat 
Chandra Kumar holds office up to the date of this Annual General 
Meeting (“AGM”) and is eligible for appointment as a Director 
of the Company.
Mr. Sharat Chandra Kumar is not disqualified from being 
appointed as Director under Section 164 of the Act and is not 
debarred to hold the office of Director by virtue of any order 
passed by SEBI or any other authority and have given his consent
to act as Director of the Company. Further, there are no inter se 
relationship between him and any other member of the Board and 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.
NRC has identified the desired attributes for the selection of 
Independent Director including leadership, Industry knowledge 
and experience, expertise in Designs and the Projects of the 
industry his expertise & experience as the skills required for 
the role of a director. Mr. Sharat Chandra Kumar fulfils all the 
attributes.
Mr. Sharat Chandra Kumar is a distinguished Electrical Engineer 
from BIT Mesra, brings over 35 years of leadership in Tata Steel 
across maintenance, project execution, design, and strategic 
ANNEXURE – A (CONTD.)

[page 92]
178
sourcing. He has spearheaded major capacity expansion projects, 
including blast furnaces, coke ovens, and environment initiatives, 
with proven expertise in commissioning, automation, and capital 
planning.
The NRC and Board of Directors views that the appointment of 
Mr. Sharat Chandra Kumar as an Independent Director would 
be in the interest of the Company considering his expertise in 
industry knowledge, corporate governance, strategic leadership, 
designs, Projects and sustainability.
Pursuant to Regulation 17(1C) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
the Company is required to obtain approval of the members at 
the next general meeting or within a time period of three months 
from the date of appointment of Director, whichever is earlier. 
In compliance with the provisions of Sections 149, 152 and 161 
and other applicable provisions of the Act read with Schedule 
IV to the Act and the rules framed thereunder and in terms of 
Regulations 17, 25 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, appointment of Mr. Sharat Chandra Kumar 
as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by 
rotation, for a term of 3 (three) consecutive years from July 24, 
2026 up to July 23, 2029 is being placed before the members for 
their approval by means of a Special Resolution.
A copy of the draft letter of appointment to be issued to Mr. Sharat 
Chandra Kumar setting out terms and conditions of appointment 
will be open for inspection by members in the manner as specified 
in the Notice up to the date of the Annual General Meeting.
The Board recommends the special resolution set out in Item 
No. 7 of the Notice, for approval of the members. None of the 
Directors and / or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and 
/ or their respective relatives, except Mr. Sharat Chandra Kumar 
and his relatives are concerned or interested, in the resolution.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
 Kross Limited
SD/-
Sudhir Rai
Place: Jamshedpur 
 
Chairman and Managing Director
Date: July 24, 2026
(DIN: 00512423)
Registered Office:
M-4, PHASE-VI, GAMHARIA,
ADITYAPUR INDUSTRIAL AREA,
JAMSHEDPUR, Gamharia,
Seraikela Kharsawan, Jharkhand 832108
CIN: L29100JH1991PLC004465
Tel.: 7280026478
Website: https://www.krosslimited.com/
e-mail: investors@krossindia.com
ANNEXURE – A (CONTD.)
179
a Notice
Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard - 2 on General Meetings
Name & DIN of the Director
Mr. Sumeet Rai 
(DIN: 02304257)
Mr. Sanjiv Paul 
(DIN: 00086974)
Mr. Gurvinder 
Singh Ahuja 
(DIN: 08132223)
Ms. Deepa Verma 
(DIN 10359047)
Mr. Sharat 
Chandra Kumar 
(DIN 10223173)
Date of Birth/Age
August 08, 1988
March 16, 1963
June 10, 1964
September 08, 
1963
July 18, 1962
Date of first appointment on the 
Board
April 01, 2008
October 26, 2023
October 26, 2023
October 26, 2023
July 24, 2026
Qualifications
Mechanical 
engineer 
graduate from 
the University of 
Michigan
Bachelor’s 
Degree in 
Science from 
Regional Institute 
of Technology
Chartered 
Accountant
Post Graduate 
in Personnel 
Management 
& Industrial 
Relations
Electrical 
Engineer
Experience, Skills required for 
the role and the manner in which 
the proposed person meets the 
requirement including brief profile
Experienced 
in Operational 
efficiency
Detailed in the explanatory statement forming part of the Notice
Nature of expertise in specific 
functional areas
Mr. Sumeet Rai, Mr. Sanjiv Paul, Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja, Ms. Deepa Verma and Mr. Sharat 
Chandra Kumar possess the following skills as approved by the Board:
Skills
Leadership





Industry knowledge Experience





Experience and Exposure in policy 
shaping and industry advocacy





Governance including legal compliance





Expertise/ Experience in Finance and 
Accounts/ Audit /Risk Management 
areas





Directorships held in other 
companies.
NIL
NIL
NIL
Hamari Laado 
Foundation
ADVAYA 
CONSULTING 
ENGINEERS
Memberships/ Chairmanships of 
committees across all companies
Refer Annexure II below
Name of Listed entities from which 
the Director has resigned in the last 
three years.
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
Number of Meetings Attended during 
the financial year
Refer Corporate Governance Report FY 2025-26 for the details of the 
number of meetings attended by the Directors.
NIL
Shareholding in the Company
Refer Corporate 
Governance 
Report FY 2025-
26 for the details 
of the number of 
meetings attended 
by the Directors.
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
DETAILS OF DIRECTORS SEEKING APPOINTMENT/
RE-APPOINTMENT

[page 93]
180
Relationships Between directors 
inter-se
Son of Sudhir 
Rai, Chairman 
and Managing 
Director, son of 
Anita Rai, Whole 
Time Director, 
Brother of Kunal 
Rai, Whole Time 
Director (Finance) 
and CFO
None
None
None
None
Remuneration last drawn (in FY 
2025-26), if applicable
Refer Corporate 
Governance 
Report FY 
2025-26 for 
remuneration 
details
NA
NA
NA
NA
Remuneration proposed to be paid
Mr. Sanjiv Paul, Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja, Ms. Deepa Verma and Mr. Sharat Chandra Kumar 
will be entitled to sitting fees for attending the Meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees 
thereof
Remuneration proposed to be paid is not applicable to Mr. Sumeet Rai as the resolution pertains 
to retirement by rotation
DETAILS OF DIRECTORS SEEKING APPOINTMENT/RE-APPOINTMENT (CONTD.)
181
a Notice
DETAILS OF MEMBERSHIPS/ CHAIRMANSHIPS OF COMMITTEES ACROSS ALL COMPANIES
1. 
Mr. Sumeet Rai – Nil
2. 
Mr. Sanjiv Paul
Committee
Company
Position
Audit Committee
Kross Limited
Chairperson
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Kross Limited
Chairperson
Risk Management Committee
Kross Limited
Member
Independent Directors Committee
Kross Limited
Chairperson
3. 
Mr. Gurvinder Singh Ahuja
Committee
Company
Position
Audit Committee
Kross Limited
Member
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Kross Limited
Member
Risk Management Committee
Kross Limited
Member
Independent Directors Committee
Kross Limited
Member
4. 
Ms. Deepa Verma
Committee
Company
Position
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Kross Limited
Chairperson
Corporate Social responsibility  Committee
Kross Limited
Member
 Risk Management Committee
Kross Limited
Member
Independent Directors Committee
Kross Limited
Member
5. 
Mr. Sharat Chandra Kumar
Committee
Company
Position
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Kross Limited
Member
Corporate Social responsibility  Committee
Kross Limited
Member
Independent Directors Committee
Kross Limited
Member
ANNEXURE – II

[page 94]
NOTES
NOTES

[page 95]
NOTES

[page 96]
it'sanSGA 
creation I adsvita.com 

[page 97]
KROSS Limited
M-4, Phase VI, Adityapur Industrial Area,
Jamshedpur - 832108,
Jharkhand, India
