[page 1]
Date: March 05, 2025

 BSE Limited                           Stock ID: TLL
 14th Floor, P. J. Towers,                  Scrip Code: 543616
 Dalal Street, Fort,
 Mumbai – 400001.


Dear Sir/Ma’am,

Subject: Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 (“Listing Regulations”)


Pursuant to Regulation 30 and other applicable regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015, Trident Lifeline Limited is pleased to inform you about the strategic alliance with
National Institutes of Pharmaceutical Education and Research- Ahmedabad (NIPER-A)
regarding the technology transfer of Vorinostat- one of the crucial medications for
treating Cutaneous T-Cell Lymphoma (CTCL), a rare blood originated skin cancer which
is currently unavailable in India. This collaboration aims to revolutionize the treatment
landscape for CTCL patients by providing access to a high-quality, domestically
produced Vorinostat.

Embracing the spirit of the Make-in-India initiative, Trident Lifeline Ltd. will scale up the
production of Vorinostat and introduce it to the Indian market by leveraging NIPER
Ahmedabad's expertise. Furthermore, demonstrating a profound commitment to social
responsibility the Company aims to provide Vorinostat free of charge to economically
disadvantaged patients.

ln compliance with Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations read with circular no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, issued by the Securities
and Exchange Board of India, on continuous disclosure requirements, the details are
enclosed as Annexure-A.

Thanking you,
For Trident Lifeline Limited

 NIKITA           DigitallyNIKITA SHARMAsigned by
 SHARMA      Date:18:42:292025.03.05+05'30'
NIKITA SHARMA
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER
M. NO.: A60595
[page 2]
                            Annexure-A

S.    Particulars                   Details
No.
1.   Name(s) of parties with whom  National Institutes of Pharmaceutical Education
     the agreement is            and Research ((NIPER-Ahmedabad)
     Entered
2.   Purpose of entering into the  Technology transfer of Vorinostat- a rare drug
     agreement;                  used in cancer treatment
3.    domestic/international;       Domestic
4.    share exchange ratio       NA
5.   scope of business operation of  Part of CSR initiative
     agreement
6.    details of consideration paid / NA
     received in agreement
7.    significant    terms    and  The company will scale up the production of
     conditions  of agreement  in  Vorinostat and introduce it to the Indian market
      brief;                      by leveraging NIPER Ahmedabad's expertise.
                                   This collaboration aims to revolutionize the
                                  treatment  landscape  for CTCL  patients  by
                                   providing access to a high-quality, domestically
                                produced Vorinostat.
8.   whether   the    acquisition No
    would   fall  within  related
     party     transactions  and
     whether   the   promoter/
     promoter   group/   group
     companies have any interest
      in the entity being acquired? If
      yes, nature  of  interest and
      details thereof and whether
     the same  is done at “arm’s
      length”;
9.    size of the entity(ies);        NIPER-Ahmedabad is among the seven National
                                        Institutes  of  Pharmaceutical  Education and
                                 Research (NIPERs) established in 2007 under
                                   the aegis of the Department of Pharmaceuticals,
                                    Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers, Govt of
                                     India established to promote quality Education
                              and Research in the  field of Pharmaceutical
                                    Sciences and Management. The  objective  of
                              NIPERs  is to produce quality, industry-ready
                           human  resources  for  the  Pharmaceutical
                                   Industry  as  well  as  to  carryout  advanced
[page 3]
                                      research to produce quality products. NIPER-
                               Ahmedabad has a state of-the-art facility for
                                         quality research and education with a goal of
                                      providing  analytical and  drug development
                                        related support to Industries, MSMEs, and start-
                                        ups.
   10.   rationale    and     benefit  This collaboration will result in making cancer
        expected.                    treatment more  affordable  for economically
                                      challenged people.





                    Digitally signed
               by NIKITANIKITA
             SHARMA
                  Date: 2025.03.05SHARMA
                  18:42:14 +05'30'