[page 1]
September 08, 2026
 BSE Limited                           Stock ID: TLL
 14th Floor, P. J. Towers,                  Scrip Code: 543616
 Dalal Street, Fort,
 Mumbai – 400001.


Dear Sir/Madam,

Sub: INTIMATION OF AWARD RECEIVED UNDER REGULATION 30 OF SECURITIES
     AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE
     REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015.

With reference to the above-captioned subject, we are pleased to inform you that Trident
Lifeline Limited has been honoured by the Pharmaceuticals Export Promotion Council
of India (PHARMEXCIL) for its outstanding contribution to India’s Pharmaceutical
Exports during the year 2024-25.

The award was presented to the Company on Monday, 7th September 2026, at New Delhi,
during the 12th edition of the International Pharmaceutical Exhibition, held at Hall
No. 2 FF, Bharat Mandapam, Pragati Maidan, New Delhi – 110001.

This recognition is a testament to the Company’s continued contribution to the growth
and development of India’s pharmaceutical export sector and its endeavour to strengthen
India’s presence in the global pharmaceutical market.

The Company  is honoured to receive this recognition and remains committed to
contributing meaningfully to the growth  of  India’s pharmaceutical industry and
enhancing its global presence.

This is for your information and records.


Thanking you.

YOURS FAITHFULLY,
FOR TRIDENT LIFELINE LIMITED
                                 Digitally signed by PATEL
PATEL SHRAVAN   SHRAVAN HARIKRISHNABHAI
HARIKRISHNABHAI Date: 2026.09.08 18:55:29                             +05'30'
SHRAVAN H PATEL
MANAGING DIRECTOR
DIN: 08629141





   Registered Office: 2004, 2nd Floor, North Extension, Falsawadi, Ring Road, Surat-395003, Gujarat, INDIA.
        Tel : +91 261 2451274, 2451284 Email : info@tridentlifeline.com Web : www.tridentlifeline.com
           Factory Address: Plot No. 4240, Road No. 42, Sachin GIDC, Surat, Gujarat - 394230, India.
[page 2]
                                                               PRESS & MEDIA RELEASE

    Trident Lifeline Limited honoured for its outstanding contribution
    to India’s Pharmaceutical Exports

      Surat, Gujarat – September 8, 2026 – Trident Lifeline Limited has been honoured by the
      Pharmaceuticals Export Promotion Council  of  India (PHARMEXCIL)  for  its outstanding
       contribution to India’s Pharmaceutical Exports during the year 2024–25. The recognition
       reflects the Company’s continued contribution towards strengthening India’s presence in
      the global pharmaceutical market. The prestigious award was presented in New Delhi on 7th
     September  2026  (Monday  evening),  during  the  12th  edition  of  the  International
      Pharmaceutical Exhibition, held at Hall No. 2 FF, Bharat Mandapam, Pragati Maidan, New
       Delhi – 110001.





     Recognition Highlights :
         The prestigious event witnessed the participation of more than 750 foreign delegates
         representing over 100 countries

         The  exhibition  served  as an  important  international  platform,  bringing  together
        pharmaceutical industry leaders, government representatives and global stakeholders

         The recognition acknowledges Trident Lifeline Limited's contribution to the growth and
       advancement of India's pharmaceutical exports

     A milestone that reflects Trident Lifeline Limited’s continued journey towards excellence
      and its commitment to contributing to India’s growing global pharmaceutical presence


01 | Trident Lifeline Limited
[page 3]
                                                               PRESS & MEDIA RELEASE

    About Trident Lifeline Limited:

     Trident Lifeline Limited (“Trident Lifeline” or the “Company”) is a pharmaceutical and healthcare
    company with expertise in manufacturing finished dose pharmaceutical products, with a
     growing presence across global markets. The Company offers a diversified portfolio spanning
     pharmaceuticals, nutraceuticals, herbal products, injectables, personal care and medical
     devices, catering to a broad range of healthcare needs. Its operations are supported by a
     hybrid manufacturing model combining strategic manufacturing partnerships with integrated
      capabilities, enabling scalability, product quality and supply reliability. Trident Lifeline focuses
    on delivering quality-led healthcare solutions across domestic and international markets,
     supported by  regulatory-compliant  manufacturing  capabilities, an  expanding  product
      portfolio and an established global distribution network.

    Contact us:

   Company                                        Investor relations consultant



     Trident Lifeline Limited                         NeoAtlas Capital Advisory LLP

     Nikita Sharma                               Research Team

   Company Secretary                             +91 6354947366 | research@atlascapital.in

     compliance@tridentlifeline.com                   Rutul Shah

                                                     +91 8200247366 | rutul.shah@atlascapital.in

                                                Meeting Request
                                                        Link


    Safe harbour

      Certain statements in this document that are not historical facts are forward looking statements. Such forward looking
     statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties  like government actions, local, political or economic
     developments, technological risks, and many other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
      those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statements. Trident Lifeline Limited will not be in any way
      responsible for any action taken based on such statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly update these
      forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.



02 | Trident Lifeline Limited