SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/ANTHEM-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf | pages=18

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
             Date: July 27, 2026  
 
To, 
BSE Limited,  
20th Floor, P.J. Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001.  
BSE Scrip Code: 544449 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE Scrip Symbol: ANTHEM 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call. 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing  Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings  conference call 
held on July 22, 2026, at 11 :30 AM, post announcement of Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The said transcript is also available on website of the Company at https://anthembio.com/. 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours truly, 
For Anthem Biosciences Limited 
(Formerly known as Anthem Biosciences Private Limited)  
 
 
_____________________ 
Divya Prasad 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A41438 
 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Anthem Biosciences Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 22, 2026 
 
 
                                                                                       
      
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AJAY BHARDWAJ – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 MR. GAWIR BAIG – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MODERATOR:  MS. FORUM GOSHAR – ADFACTORS PR (INVESTOR 
RELATIONS) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Anthem Biosciences Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please si gnal an operator by pressing star  then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Forum Goshar from Adfactors PR (Investor Relations). Thank you and 
over to you, Ms. Goshar. 
Forum Goshar: Good morning everyone. I am Forum Goshar from Adfactors PR Investor Relations. On behalf 
of Anthem Biosciences Limited, it is my pleasure to welcome you all to the Q1 FY2 7 Earnings 
Conference call.  
                                                Joining us on the call today from  the management team are Mr. Ajay Bhardwaj, Managing 
Director and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Gawir Baig, Chief Financial Officer.  
We will begin today's call with opening remarks from the management, following which we will 
open the floor for Q&A session. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain 
statements made during this call may be forward-looking in nature. These statements are based 
on the management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could 
cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied. Anthem Biosciences 
Limited, undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward -looking statements 
based on subsequent events or developments.  
With that, I would like to now hand over the call to Mr. Ajay Bhardwaj to deliver his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ajay Bhardwaj:  Thank you. Good morning everyone. This is Ajay Bhardwaj. I'm pleased to announce our Q1 
FY27 results.  
                                                Our consolidated revenues from operations for the quarter were Rs. 418 crores, out of which the 
CRDMO business contributed 81.5% of the revenues, delivering Rs. 341 crore s. Specialty 
Ingredients contributed 18.5% of our revenues, delivering Rs. 78 crores. The EBITDA was Rs. 
176 crores, including other income with EBITDA margin at 39.6%, that is nearly 40%. The 
EBIT includes other income of Rs. 25 crores. PBT was Rs. 145 crores. Our profit after tax for 
the quarter was Rs. 120 crores, with PAT margins at 27.1%. Net cash position of the company 
as of June 30, 2026 was Rs. 1,720 crores.  
                                                Our Q1 FY27 results reflect timing shifts in deliveries to key customers. The underlying demand 
remains strong, with a higher concentration of scheduled deliveries in the latter half of the year. 
We are positioning to capture that momentum. We remain firmly committed to sustaining 
revenue growth aligned with our long -term historical performance. On the margins front, we 
delivered YoY improvement across both EBITDA and PAT margins.  
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
                                                Our disciplined focus on cost efficiencies, yield optimization and employee productivity 
continues to reinforce our industry -leading margin profile, positioning us to sustain this 
performance throughout the year. Thank you very much. Now I am open to questions. I have 
with me my colleague, Mr. Gawir Baig , who's our CFO. Any questions, we'll be happy to 
answer. 
Moderator:  Thank you very much. We will now begin the Q&A session. The first question is from the line 
of Saion Mukherjee from Nomura Group. Please go ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee: Thank you for taking my question. Can you update on the capacity utilization at Unit 1, 2 and 
Neo Anthem as of first quarter and how should we think about utilization levels in these un its 
change in the next 3 years? Any timeline with respect to regulatory inspection required for Unit 
3 by US FDA or European authorities? 
Gawir Baig: Thanks, Saion . With respect to our capacity utilization, last year when we ended the year, 
roughly about Unit 1 was about 74% utilized. We continue to have the same utilization in our 
Unit 1 in this quarter, roughly about 78% utilized right now on the custom synthesis side. Unit 
2 was about 65% utilized last year for the full year because we had gone through significant 
expansion over there by adding about 130 kiloliters.  
This quarter being a sl ightly softer quarter, our Unit 2 utilization was about 50% for Unit 2 
across the expanded capacity on custom synthesis side. Fermentation utilization is about 50% 
for Unit 2 across that 140 kiloliters that we have in fermentation.  
Unit 3 has been picking up from a utilization point of view, roughly about 30% to 35% is the 
utilization for Q1 FY27. This is a ramp -up from what we had about 15% odd of utilization in 
FY26. There is a ramp-up in Unit 3.  
What do we expect going forward? We expect all these units to be completely full and that's the 
reason why Unit 4 is what we are setting up. We are in the midst of construction over there and 
I think by end of next year, we'll be able to commission Unit 4, which can add another 365 
kiloliters of custom synthesis and 100 kiloliters of fermentation. So , in the next 2 years, we 
would look at ramping it up to almost optimum capacity utilization across all the three units. 
Saion Mukherjee: Thank you. Just one clarification, with the increased utilization at Neo Anthem is primarily the 
shifting of some production from the existing units to Neo Anthem, is that what is happening? 
Ajay Bhardwaj:  Some of it is that, but most of it is new orders that we are getting because we have a very modern 
pilot plant there. We have also our peptide synthesis and oncology manufacturing there. Some 
new projects are being put into that unit now. It is not just shifting some of it, it is mostly new 
projects that are coming into Unit 3. 
Saion Mukherjee: In the quarter, is there any update on new contracts, new client traction, large pharma, mid 
pharma, any development that you wo uld like to share? Some of the initiatives on peptides, 
etcetera., if you can talk about any traction that you've seen over the last 3 months? 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Ajay Bhardwaj:  In terms of adding customers, we have one new Big Pharma customer which has been added. 
We expect that to yield significant numbers going forward. One of our large  biotech customer, 
also got acquired by a Big Pharma. So, that is something that we still yet to pan out because it's 
happened very recently, maybe a month old. It all continues to be good.  
                                                Just to again add to your query when Gawir was answering that 50% utilization of Unit 2 in this 
quarter, and the subsequent quarters, we are very confident of having much better numbers 
because our customers have deferred deliveries to the quarter 2 and quarter 3 and 4.  
The capacity utilization is only going to go up. We continue to be very bullish for the year. We 
have very high degree of visibility because 60% of what we need to do, we already have order 
book. We are sitting on a very strong order book. That gives us the confidence that we'll achieve 
our growth that we intended to do right at the beginning of the year. 
Saion Mukherjee: Thank you, sir. So , just one clarification, you mentioned one new Big Pharma significant 
contribution possible. Any timeline that you have, like in how much time we will see that traction 
showing up in numbers? 
Ajay Bhardwaj:  Well, it should happen in the later quarters of this year. It's the agreement hasn't yet been signed, 
but it's in the works. Sometimes these drag out, but the customer is on board. It's just a matter of 
now crossing the T's and dotting the I's and that's happening. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay, this is like existing commercial projects that that you would be starting to manufacture, 
or this is new molecule? 
Ajay Bhardwaj:  It's a multi-dimensional engagement. There's R&D, there's new projects and some products that 
they need, which they're sourcing from they want to diversify their supply chain. That should 
that's going to happen as well. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay, understood. Thanks a lot, sir. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Udit Bokaria from Catamaran. Please go ahead. 
Udit Bokaria: Thanks for giving the opportunity. Just wanted to understand, you had mentioned that we have 
a visibility of 60%. So , usually at the start of the Q1 the visibility which we have for next 
quarter's sales?  
Secondly, if you can just bifurcate what constitutes the remaining 40% across or if you can just 
give what is the visibility which you get in your manufacturing business, what is the visibility 
which you get in your R&D business, and what is the visibility you get in your specialty 
ingredient business? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: For the specialty ingredients business, let me address that first. That's an ongoing business. That's 
largely India focused. So , month-on-month we get orders. Some of them are, of course, long -
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
term contracts, but this is more of a B2B business within India. When it comes to QoQ, some of 
the large customers give us orders for the whole year forecast. 
It's a rolling forecast which is revised and updated every 3 to 6 months. So, we have a fair degree 
of visibility there, because these need to be manufactured and there's a lot of raw material that 
need to be procured. We have that window to know that. When it comes to R&D, whenever we 
sign a contract, we know that the next quarter this is what our deliveries are and sometimes it 
spills into the quarter after that also. 
Generally that's an ongoing input we get, but largely for one or two q uarters, there is 
predictability. When we are going in at the beginning of the year, when we have something like 
50% of next year's order book already in our hand, then we feel confident that the rest of the 
50% we'll make up in the rest of the year. T his year, after one quarter, admittedly it's a muted 
quarter, we still have 60% of our order book full. We are very confident about what will happen 
the rest of the year. 
Udit Bokaria: Usually the remaining portion is won through like new clients which we are onboarding, or it 
could be even for your existing products which you supply customers increase the volumes, like 
what is the mix usually? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: It's usually a mi x of both. We still have 3 more quarters to go this year and that's a long time. 
We will onboard some new customers. So, that's an unknown. That shall contribute at least some 
percentage of sales. However, some of the existing customers, like very rec ently one of our 
customers came back and said, can you supply us extra material this year? We said yes, we 
could, so that PO got factored in. 
Additionally, there is also in terms of sometimes the project in the biotech customers that we 
have, get very healthy clinical outcomes and suddenly there's a new order that they need because 
they need to do the next phase. So, it's a mix of both. There's no one suit fits that fits all, not one 
size that fits all. But yes, all of them is happening at the same time. 
Gawir Baig: Just to clarify over here, the order book that we are talking is largely for the CRDMO business. 
Because specialty ingredients is normal day-to-day, month-on-month business which needs to 
be delivered. The order book concept is largely because for CRDMO business, we need to 
procure the raw materials and manufacture it. There is a lead time in terms of manufacturing it 
and procuring the raw material and hence we get orders in advance. 
When we started off the year, we were with about 60% of the order book for the full year 
delivery. Even after Q1, we have replenished the order book. Even right no w, we stand with 
about 60% of the order book still being there. 
Udit Bokaria:  Understood. This 60% visibility which you mentioned is only for the CRDMO segment or when 
we say this is for the whole business, like how should one interpret? 
Gawir Baig: When I talked about 60% as a fraction, that's for the whole business. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Udit Bokaria: Thanks a lot. Secondly, we had highlighted that just like last year, we had on-boarded two new 
big pharma as clients and current year also as you mentioned, we have on -boarded another big 
pharma as our client.  So, I just wanted to understand where we are  currently in terms of 
discussion for some of lateral projects or already commercialized molecules and what stage, like 
have they already audited and have we already signed contracts and when can we see those 
translating into orders? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: When we onboard a new customer, there are two ways it's done. One is they acquire an existing 
asset that we've been working on. Largely they leave the team untouched for a year or 2 because 
it's a new acquisition for them. So, it remains business as usual for some time. 
Then the lateral entry, only early this month, we got some new inquiries of existing products for 
a big pharma customer with whom we are doing fairly good business. Now that's something we 
still have to win, but, the fact that they are sending us these inquiries itself means that, we've 
established a more than just a toehold in these companies.  
Also, for one of the customers we on -boarded last quarter, they are giving us advanced, they 
register starting materials and some advanced intermediate inquiries. So, some of those numbers 
have already kicked in, but it's just the beginning. These relationsh ips are  a timeframe of 
maturing over 3 or 4 years. 
Just on a quarter basis, it can be just a start and it's like warming up the car, but we have miles 
to go and that will happen in the subsequent quarter and subsequent years. Every time we enrol 
a customer, these relationships are for years, and that's been our experience. Every time we 
onboard a new customer, it gives us a lot of hope that this is now going to span over many years 
of contribution. 
Udit Bokaria: Lot of biologic drugs are going off -patent, do we plan to be drug substance supplier for these 
products go off-patent to any of the companies which are looking to commercialize it? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Well, we do have some of those, absolutely. But this is not our strategy that we look at the 
products which are going off-patent and we start working on them. Actually, that becomes part 
of the generics business,  though it's a biosimilar generic, but we've stayed away. But there are 
customers who approach us. 
For ADCs, already established mAbs which have gone off-patent or something like that. Those 
projects we work on or something which a client will come to us and say we need this biosimilar, 
would you develop it for us and manufacture it? Those interest us a lot. As of now, I mean, and 
I'm not saying it's never going to happen. 
Peptide is another area, these are also large molecules. There we work with customers and we 
also have our own strategy there. But generally speaking, we don't follow the patent expiry list. 
Udit Bokaria: Understood. Thanks a lot, sir. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mehul Sheth from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Mehul Sheth: Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, first question is around, on your pipeline in liquid molecules. 
As of now, you have something like 100 plus kinds of active projects plus 10 molecules are in 
late phase. Can you give some highlight that how many of these projects are into a space of, we 
can say GLP or ADC kind of a segments? Any near -term visibility in terms of 
commercialization? 
Gawir Baig: Thanks, Mehul. Right now , we have about 100 plus programs which are in early -stage 
development and 10 on the late -phase side. Path to commercialization will still be some time 
away, closer to about 18 months to 24 months. Last year, our customers have commercialized 4 
new molecules. So , we hope that some of these 10, which are in the late phase will get 
commercial soon and that will add on to the commercial molecule kitty of ours. 
In terms of the modalities in which we are working, we have a couple of molecules which are 
on the ADC side which are in late phase. Else, peptide molecules are mostly on the early -stage 
side. 
Mehul Sheth:  Okay. Thank you. Lastly, you already mentioned that there has been some timing-related shift 
in terms of customer ordering and that will be placed in the later part of the year. Given Q1 is 
down almost like a 25% on a Y oY basis. So, how do you see the full year as a growth number 
for the CRDMO as a business segment? 
Gawir Baig: If you look at our long -term historical growth, we have been delivering numbers consistently 
and the consistent, it's a double-digit growth we have delivered. What we are saying is, for this 
year also our growth prospects remain intact. We have our order book full, we will make up for 
the lost sales whatever we have declined you have seen in quarter one numbers in terms of a 
quarter two upswing as well as a quarter three upswing. 
You will see the numbers coming back as a recovery in Q2, Q3 and Q4. Our growth prospect 
for the full year remains intact. It will be in line with our historical growth performance and our 
margins also remains mostly intact. This is the nature of our business where you will see that , 
there will be some element of upswing in some quarters and some downswing in some quarters. 
Because end of the day, the CRDMO business is dependent upon the deliveries schedule of 
customers, and hence there's a lumpiness in terms of the business on the CRDMO business side. 
So, don't worry about QoQ deliveries being lower or higher. Business is intact and we will 
continue to deliver on our growth on our growth numbers for FY27 as well. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: I also want to sensitize all of you that sometimes in this year we'll again have a bumper quarter, 
and please don't make that as the benchmark because then the subsequent quarter will may not 
be able to match up to it. So, there'll be soft quarters, and there'll be some very, very nice quarters. 
As Gawir just explained, it depends on when our custo mers want delivery. Sometimes they all 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
come together. But as you saw when we explained our capacities, we have the capacities to 
deliver. The next quarter our capacity utilizations are definitely higher, and we just will have 
this lumpiness in our business. It's the nature of our business. 
Mehul Sheth:  Keep looking at our business more on a YoY front. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Yes. Holistically, if you look at it, it's a YoY, that's how we have always looked at it. I know we 
are new to the markets, and markets are used to QoQ performance, but it's this is a different type 
of business. 
Mehul Sheth: That's helpful. Sir, lastly on your Unit 4, can you provide some like current status where we have 
reached, how much capex we have already incurred in Unit 4 and what are our capex outlay for 
next two years for Unit 4 as well as the timeline of commissioning this Unit 4? 
Gawir Baig: We have articulated this, roughly about Rs. 1,200 crores is the capex outlay for Unit 4 and this 
is Phase 1 of Unit 4. Unit 4 is a large -scale capacity addition for us, roughly about a 30 -acre 
property. Phase 1 will be using half of the area available for expansion. So, in Phase 1 itself, 
we'll be adding about 365 kiloliters of custom synthesis, 100 kiloliters of fermentation. We are 
also adding a food and a nutra plant over there.  this will take about two years' time for us to 
build. 
We broke ground last year. By end of this FY28, we will be ready with our Unit 4. The Rs. 1,200 
crores what we are talking about roughly could be a 50 -50 split across both these years, FY27 
and FY28. Civil work is almost getting done over there in Unit 4. We will start putting in orders 
for equipment’s to come in now. So, it will take time, but by end of FY28 is when we'd be ready 
with our Unit 4 expansion. 
Moderator:  The next question is from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Just following up on the previous question, what will be the total capex for FY27? 
Gawir Baig: FY27 targeted capex for this year will be close to about Rs. 700 crores. 
Bino Pathiparampil:           Because of Unit 4 capex, it will remain elevated next year FY28 as well. After that, the capex 
will come down from that level, is my understanding correct? 
Gawir Baig:                           That’s correct. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Okay. Again, following up on the growth, obviously there are quarterly fluctuations, but for the 
full year, do you still maintain your targeted growth rate of 20% for this year? 
Gawir Baig: Our growth is intact. We are not giving a guidance of any particular percentage, but historically 
if you look at our last 10 years' growth, we have delivered  quite healthy growth rate and we'll 
continue to do that in this year as well. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Bino Pathiparampil: Understood. For the quarter, I see a very low tax rate for the full year, would the tax rate 
normalize to around 25%? 
Gawir Baig: It should normalize to about 25%. If you look at last year, our tax rate was high because we had 
losses in our Unit 3 subsidiary, Neo Anthem. Hopefully, Neo Anthem will be something which 
will turn break -even this year and maybe profitable as well in the full year basis. So, we will 
have a much more marginalized tax rate of about 25% to 25.5% for this full year. 
Bino Pathiparampil: Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bansi Desai from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Bansi Desai: Yes, thanks for taking my question. My first question is on Semaglutide API, have we started 
our commercial supply on this product to domestic players? Secondly, in light of the fact that  
one of your peers is facing scaling issue scaling up issues on the API ma nufacturing front. Are 
we seeing more inbound queries from domestic players who are seeking alternative source? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Yes, thanks Bansi. We certainly have not started supplying. That's something that is still in the 
works. We are awaiting appro val from CDSCO. We've done all the work, we're ready to scale 
up as well. We've done enough trials and enough scale -up activities to know that our product 
once we have permission, we'll be able to supply people. 
As we've said earlier, that  we've sampled almost all the big players , and many of them are 
waiting for us to have the approval from CDSCO , and then  they're ready to go. So , that's 
something that we are is waiting to happen and it will happen sometime this year for sure. 
None of this is because somebody else is not been able to scale up. Again, if should that 
opportunity arise, we will definitely we are ready in a to service that. But GLP-1 still hasn't come 
in hasn't kicked in in terms of sales for us, but it's s omething which is in the works and should 
happen soon. 
Bansi Desai: All right, that's clear. Secondly, in the past when you've guided for growth both on top line and 
PAT, it appears that clearly, we are expecting our margin to maintain at these levels. Now these 
are obviously industry high margins. So, one is what gives us confidence that , we'll be able to 
maintain these margins? Do we expect these margins to sustain if one has to take slightly longer-
term view, say, over next three to five years? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: What gives us the thing that we'll sustain the margin this year , as I as we said earlier, our order 
book is 60% already in the bag. We know what our costs are, we know what our margins are 
there, so I don't see any challenge with margins this year.  
                                                Going forward, it's very hard to predict the future, but at the same time, we've always been 
driving our business through technology, through innovation, and we have some things up our 
sleeve which will allow us to maintain these margins. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
We believe, because we use new technologies like flow, we are bringing in bio-catalysis, things 
that normally people are not doing, which are quite revolutionary in cutting down cost of goods. 
So, that allows us to A, engage with the customer at a very different level because you ta lk to 
them a language which they really, really appreciate that you're not just a pair of hands, you're 
actually contributing to innovation and technology development. 
The second part is that we're allowing our customers to have better cost of goods, but at the same 
time, it helps us retain our margins. So, going forward in the next two or three years, let's look 
at the historical perspective, we've always had very good margins. 
However, when we our new units kick in, yes, there is some depressi on in the PAT because  
we've made some large investment, but the margins overall are even in this quarter, we have 
increased our material margin, even though the top line has not been so great, our material 
margin has increased. We are in a position to, I believe, defend these margins. 
Bansi Desai: Understood, that's clear. Just one clarificatory question here, Ga wir, if you could  just help us 
quantify what is the ESOP cost, and what is it going to be for FY27? 
Gawir Baig: ESOP cost is about Rs. 9 crores for FY27. So, Q1 is about Rs. 2.25 crores. This was roughly 
about Rs.16 crores for FY26. There is a decline on the ESOP cost. 
Bansi Desai: Okay. Going ahead also, this should be declining, like if we have to think about FY28 and 
beyond? 
Gawir Baig: Yes, on a like-to-like basis, I think this is the third year when we have taken the ESOP charge. 
The fourth-year ESOP charge for the ESOPs which have been granted will be about closer to 
about Rs. 5 crores next year. So, there will be a decline. 
Bansi Desai: Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Agr awal from Citi Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek Agarwal: Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, you mentioned that one of your large biotech customers has 
been acquired by a Big Pharma. With this, how you see , any kind of change in the demand, 
especially for the projects that you are working with this biotech customer, any particular 
outlook? W ould you like to share how this change how this acquisition change the overall 
outlook of this particular project?  
Ajay Bhardwaj: There's a constant M&A going on in our customer side. So, the latest is one of our very nice 
recent-sized biotech customers has been acquired by Big Pharma. However, the impact is not 
material for the rest of this year. Usually, when an acquisition takes place, they leave th e team 
alone for a year or sometimes even a couple of years to do their thing and then only slowly there 
is a ramp-up of volumes. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
This is something we're waiting to see, which we know about the acquisition, we've got an initial 
letter saying that we've been acquired, but we've had really no meaningful discussions with the 
acquirer, the Big Pharma. So, that is something that actually shapes up over time. Our business 
actually has a very long-term time spans. We have to look at it from that perspective. 
We have to be patient, but also, it's long-term, but at the same time, it's also very sticky business 
given that it's highly regulated. So, we as long as we keep building getting new products 
approved, we keep building a pipeline of customers, which are every year we add a few more, I 
think we're in a good place because that will deliver the numbers four, five, six years from now. 
Vivek Agarwal: Understood, Just one clarification,  have you worked with this Big Pharma in the past or the 
acquirer? How is your experience with them? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: They know about us, we met them, but we never had any meaningful business with them till 
now. But that's going to change now because the company that they've acquired, we do decent 
business with them. So, it gives us a foot in. We've seen in the past, that's a nice way to get into 
a company. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: Sir, just extending the previous participant's question, this existing customer contract, was this 
the manufacturing commercial contract or was this like a scale -up for product approval, if you 
could share that point? 
Gawir Baig: It's a development contract which we are working with the emerging biotech which has been 
acquired by the Big Pharma.  This is not yet a commercial product, but even a late -stage 
acquisition. 
Ajay Bhardwaj:                     We don't have visibility on what the clinical out data is, whichever billions of dollars have seen. 
So, this could be it is near commercialization or it is still a few one or two years of work and 
very promising data. It's not a commercial contract, it's a late Phase 3 development contract. 
Tushar Manudhane: Got it, sir.  Basically, product pipeline let's say re -evaluation and then subsequently to get the 
commercial contract if this product further progresses on the clinical trial and then 
commercialization, these are the two key milestones to watch out for as far as business from this 
product is concerned. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Oh, absolutely. This is the key milestone we watch for every comp any in the past whom we're 
working with biotech that get acquired. So , recently another one got acquired, but that's a little 
early stage. As we said in the past, it just gives us many more shots on goal. 
We are very hopeful that some of these could translate into large -scale business opportunities, 
some would be medium -scale, it just also depends on how successful the Big Pharma is in 
marketing that product. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Tushar Manudhane: Secondly on this, where we sort of building or already have the capacity for scale-up considering 
that it was in Phase 3 eventually was to come up for approval, were we building enough capacity 
for this product and would that require dedicated one? 
Gawir Baig: The Phase 3 quantities which we have supplied has been supplied from our existing Unit 1 and 
Unit 2 itself. Now in terms of capacity addition, we are doing it in our Unit 4 plus whatever 
room for expansion for capacity utilization is there in our Unit 1, Unit 2 and Unit 3. 
The build-out that we are doing in Unit 4 is largely keeping in mind that there will be growth in 
our existing 14 commercial molecules as well as the one which we have in the late phase, the 10 
molecules that would get commercial and they would ask for additional quantities to supply over 
there. So, Unit 4 expansion is largely catered towards this particular pipeline. 
Tushar Manudhane: Got it. Lastly on any working capital changes that has happened over last let's say quarter or 
two? 
Gawir Baig: Not significant, Tushar, because see, if you look at our, our receivables would have come down 
because Q4 was a large quarter. So, there would be a crystallization of receivables. Q1 was a 
softer quarter, and the receivables would be a portion would be proportionate to the quarter one 
sale. There is a little bit of inventory build -up which we have because we have purchased raw 
materials for quarter two and quarter three. 
Then payables would have also gone up a little bit because of the RM supplies that we have tied 
up for the next two quarters. But overall, I think it's all in normal course of business. When you 
look at H1 numbers, you'll find that it'll be in line with what H1 of FY26 will be in line with H1 
of FY27 balance sheet. 
Tushar Manudhane: Got it. So, not much change in the inventory levels currently. 
Gawir Baig: No, no. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Agarwal from Citi Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek Agarwal: Yes, thanks again for the question. Gawir sir, this time around we have seen that muted trend in 
other expenses, is there any kind of one -off or you also talked about like disciplined focus on 
cost efficiency, yield optimization, etcetera, something is recurring going forward? Just want to 
understand how to look at this other expense line in FY27 and going forward. Thank you. 
Gawir Baig: No, I think it's largely in line with the expenses that we have. There's no significant one -off in 
the other expenses line item. Our focus has always been in terms of how we optimize on costs. 
Across the three metrics on the cost side, raw material margin we have been consistently 
increasing, and that's largely focused on yield improvement as well as backward integration, and 
of most of the key intermediate. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Our employee cost has been amongst the lowest vis -a-vis as a percentage of sales vis -a-vis the 
industry, although it might look for this quarter about 18.8%, it might look  higher, but that's 
largely on account of the muted revenue for Q1 FY27. But if you look at on an FY27 full year 
basis, we will be largely around 13% sort of number as a percentage of sales. 
Other expenses will also be in a similar 9% sort of the percentage of sales. It is the sales this 
time is lower quarter one and hence it reflects about 8.2%, but I think full year number trajectory 
will be in that 9% to 10% range. So, there's no one-off as such on other expenses either. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhaval Khut from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Khut: Just couple of question. Firstly, can we say that quarter one is the  sort of the lowest quarter for 
the year, and on a QoQ basis, we'll see a growth from Q2 onwards? 
Secondly, on specialty ingredients, it has been a softer quarter as well. When do you think that 
will again sort of come back into growth trajectory and what is it going to drive it this year? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: We clearly see this Q1 as the softest quarter for the year. We expect it to from here on only to 
grow. The second part being that specialty ingredients , there's been a lot of turmoil in raw 
materials because of the war and everything as this business is more focused on in the domestic 
market. 
We've had lot of pressure on supply chain pressures. But in the end of the year, this specialty 
ingredients should also grow. We are very confident, we have visibility now. There'll be very 
decent growth in specialty ingredients as well. 
Dhaval Khut: Just a small follow -up on the GLP side, Semaglutide, you said you expect CDSCO approval. 
Beyond that, what are the other markets that we are targeting and maybe if we have started any 
regulatory work on that molecule? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: We've started the regulatory work, but we're not targeting any other markets at the moment. We 
just need to get  the decks c leared for being able to produce this product. Yes, we've sampled 
customers overseas, we're talking to them, but everybody is obviously waiting for are you free 
to sell in your own country and that's going to be our first gate. That should happen  very soon, 
we expect it in a quarter or two. That will put us on course for supplying the market. We still see 
GLP-1 as a long-term very robust opportunity. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saion Mukherjee from Nomura Group. Please 
go ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee: Yes, thanks for taking this follow -up. Ajay, I just wanted to understand  the whole world is 
talking about artificial intelligence  being part of the biotech pharma ecosystem. What kind of 
use cases if you are seeing today and for your business, how you perceive the business is going 
to be sort of structurally impacted , and what kind of impact it can potentially have on the 
financials, let's say if you think about like say five years? 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Yes, very good question, Saion. This is something that's an evolving landscape. We do see and 
we intend to start using it in specific use cases. It always takes time to separate the hype from 
reality. A lot of AI talk is a moment hype. When we drill down t o show a use case, then it is 
very thin. 
But at the same time, some of the very obvious things that we're looking at are document review, 
when you have a lot of documents to review in quality assurance, which have to be fact-checked 
and line by line and item by item. That I think can be automated and brought under AI.  
There's also a talk of  that AI will use a lot of models will be able to predict chemistry better, 
they will offer better or give us targets which the humans may not be able to foresee or develop. 
But that's good news for us because if they use AI in deciding targets for specific antigens, then 
those means there'll be more targets available. Somebody still must go into the lab, put chemical 
A and B and or do fermentation to produce the product. If more targets are being discovered or 
are being potential drug candidates, Anthem will, I believe tend to benefit. We'll get more work 
to do this discovery part. So , that part is still yet to be seen. Then there is also further 
downstream, we think that we already are do a lot of automation in manufacturing. 
We're going to see start looking at use cases there , where we can see better optimization of our 
resources, better optimization of our facilities. So, all those are being looked at, and we will over 
the next three, four years, certainly we're very actively seeking use cases. We don't want to be 
in a position where you we get left out. But at the moment, there is still a lot of talk, but the use 
cases and again, remember our clients are some of the biggest pharma companies. 
We're even asking them where is it that you're using this? Even there we get rather vague answers 
and not so far something that we can hang our hang our hat on. It is an evolving scenario, but 
please be reassured that Anthem will not miss out on this opportunity as the use case develops. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parth Sodha from Trinetra Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Parth Sodha: Thank you for the opportunity. My question is how are the four recently commercialized 
molecules progressing versus our expectations? 
Gawir Baig: We did a decent amount of sales last year in March '26 for the recently commercialized 
molecules. With respect to the pipeline for this year, the order book for this year, I think there 
would be a growth vis -a-vis what we have delivered on March '26 on  these recently 
commercialized molecules.  It needs penetration in the markets where the innovators have 
launched this molecule and based on that  our additional supplies will come in. But it will take 
couple of years' time for sizable supplies to come in for these molecules. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Udit Bokaria from Catamaran. Please go ahead. 
Udit Bokaria: Thanks for giving the follow -up opportunity. Sir, wanted to understand what are the usual 
reasons why a product which is growing YoY, customer goes for deferment of delivery? 
===== PAGE 16 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Ajay Bhardwaj: This is a very complex thing. The customers that we cater to service global markets. In some 
markets, they also anticipate better higher takeoff and they stock material there. But then when 
that does not happen, they also  depend on projections, these are growing molecules. So, they 
will end up stocking in a big geography. I mean, just to take a thing, let's say they expect lot of 
sale in China and Germany and they project certain sale to sales growth in France. 
Sometimes when that doesn't happen, they reroute that to other markets where they had planned 
materials differently. So, all this rerouting that happens and they say, let's first exhaust this stock 
that we have built up in these markets, and then please supply it to us later because we are seeing 
the growth there, b ut it is not as per as we anticipated. This is one of the reasons why there is 
always a rebalancing and a deferment of supplies. 
Remember these are growing molecules, they are adding market after market as approvals.  So, 
they've filed somewhere and the approval doesn't come on the time that they expected it to, then 
they have to wait for another quarter the file is in, but approvals have been deferred. Therefore, 
there is some deferment of supplies. 
We have confir med orders and they will adhere to taking those orders. How they want to 
redistribute, sometimes in even in our business, they'll call up and say, we had expected to take 
it to this geography, don't ship it there, but ship it to another location. This happens all the time. 
But largely it doesn't affect the overall business, but it can affect the quarter business, as was the 
case this time. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Antifragile Thinking. Please 
go ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Hi Ajay, as Anthem has expanded into multiple advanced 
modalities, what do you believe customers value most when choosing Anthem over other 
CRDMOs? If you had to rank, let’s, say two factors, what would those two factors be?  
Ajay Bhardwaj: Kapoor saab, what customers value is , what they see in you over a long term. First is, do you 
keep the promises you make? Secondly, are you just offering them a pair of hands, that you tell 
us what to do, we'll do it, or saying, you're asking us to do this, but we will bring this kind of 
innovation to it. They do value innovation where you are helping them create a new IP. That's 
something that Anthem really prides. Third is the ability to be regulatory compliant.  
                                                Your track record on regulatory compliance is also really important to our customers. On all 
these three counts, if you score high, you're very likely to be favored by the customer. There are 
many other subtle factors which I can go on and we could  be here all day, but there is also the 
quality of your manufacturing. There's also quality of your people, because what our customers 
want to do is, they don't want to just interact with me or senior management or a project manager, 
they like to interac t with the scientist, they like to interact with the man on the shop floor. If 
those people know what they're doing, it gives them a lot of confidence. In our case, that happens 
to be the case. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 Our training of our people is 360 degrees, they get  exposed to all aspects of the company's 
operations. Therefore, the quality of manpower is another factor that Anthem is really, really 
different from its its peers. 
Sajal Kapoor: Love the brutal honesty, Ajay, no sugar coating and th at's the way you have been conducting 
these calls. I joined many calls, not just CRDMO, this is one call where I have always enjoyed 
the brutal honesty. If I may ask one more question and I'll just rejoin the queue. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Well, thank you for saying that. Stay invested and if you haven't, please buy Anthem. 
Sajal Kapoor: As Anthem continues to broaden its platform, which capability benefits the most from that 
expansion and conversely, which capability becomes the hardest to preserve as the organization 
scales and why is that? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: The timeframe from what used to be specialty to fine chemicals to genericization and then 
commoditization has shrunk every year, every decade. What you might consider specialty today 
will become fine chemicals much faster. A fine chemical will go towards commoditization much 
faster than before. 
 In that aspect, what is a commodity which holds you in good stead is that you are thinking ahead 
and saying, right now I'm sitting on an asset which is performing is considered very high 
specialty, but tomorrow that won't be. So, what is it that we can do A, to keep that moat or make 
that moat bigger? That is in terms of innovation. 
 Second is, what are the modalities that we need to add, because this is where the whole industry 
is growing? That is where we are very fortunate to have a front-row seat because we work with 
hundreds of biotechs at any given time. We can see that the new modalities that are emerging or 
the new things that they're looking at are very different.  We bring that skill also in -house very 
quickly. So, that is I think where we try to differentiate from our peers and that's what I think 
will keep our nose ahead.  
                                                But as we said, you have to be very cognizant of the fact that the whole scenario is evolving and 
changing very rapidly. The old way of doing business, the old way of doing things, has a value, 
but if you don't keep moving forward and sharpening your tools to a point where you are different 
from all the others, you could be left behind. So , that is something that we really take a lot of 
care. 
Moderator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question of the day and I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Thank you everybody. Once again, it was very nice talking to all of you. As we have said before, 
Anthem endeavors to be totally transparent, be accurate, and continues to be well-governed. This 
is something that we are very mindful of and we will continue to do that. 
===== PAGE 18 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  July 22, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 Even though this has been a quarter where the top line has been soft, please don't be swayed by 
that, that's the nature of our business. There will be quarters going forward which could be very 
huge, don't be swayed by that either, that's also the nature of our business. 
 But as long as we are trending upward and have growth very sharply defined, which in this case 
is what we are I'm assuring you. We will grow as we have grown in the past even this year. So, 
please keep that in mind. Our business has to be looked at for the whole year holistically. It's the 
nature of the beast which we can't control. 
 I really thank you for your confidence in Anthem. We will try our level best to honor that 
confidence and not give you any reason for your confidence to be shaken in Anthem. So,\ thank 
you very much. 
Moderator:  Thank you. On behalf of Anthem Biosciences Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy and may contain transcription errors. 
The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 