SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/ANTHEM-Concall_May_2026_Transcript.pdf | pages=18

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
             Date: May 22, 2026  
 
To, 
BSE Limited,  
20th Floor, P.J. Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001.  
BSE Scrip Code: 544449 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE Scrip Symbol: ANTHEM 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call. 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enc losed the transcript of the earnings  conference call 
held on May 20, 2026, at 1 1:00 A M, post announcement of Audited Standalone and Consolidated 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
The said transcript is also available on website of the Company at https://anthembio.com/investors/. 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours truly, 
For Anthem Biosciences Limited 
(Formerly known as Anthem Biosciences Private Limited)  
 
 
_____________________ 
Divya Prasad 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A41438 
 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Anthem Biosciences Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 20, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AJAY BHARDWAJ – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 MR. GAWIR BAIG – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MODERATOR:  MR. AMEY CHALKE – JM FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONAL 
SECURITIES 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Anthem Biosciences Q4 & FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by JM Financial Institutional Securities. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen -only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amey Chalke from JM Financial Institutional Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Amey Chalke: Good morning and warm welcome to all the participants on Anthem Biosciences Q 4 & FY26 
earnings call, hosted by JM Financial s. Today on this call, we have with us from the 
management, Mr. Ajay Bhardwaj  - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. 
Gawir Baig - Chief Financial Officer. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Ajay Bhardwaj for his opening remarks. Thank you and 
over to you, sir 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Thank you Amey. Good morning and thank you, everyone, for being on this call. At the outset, 
I'm very pleased to say we ended the FY26 on a very strong note. Our consolidated revenue from 
operations for the full year was Rs. 2,124 crores. Out of this, our CRDMO business contributed 
83%,  delivering Rs. 1,773 crores, which was an 18% growth over last year. Specialty ingredients 
contributed 17% to our revenue and that delivered Rs. 352 crores worth of sales. 
We delivered Rs. 156 crores of other income for the financial year, taking our total revenue to 
Rs. 2,280 crores, which was a growth of 18% over last year. Other operating income includes 
gain on account of forex and RoDTEP export incentives of Rs. 63 crores, and financial and other 
non-operating income of Rs. 92 crores. Our EBITDA was just shy of Rs. 1,000 crores at Rs. 990 
crores, which included other income,  with EBITDA margins of 43.4%. A growth of 31% on 
absolute terms , and 420 basis points on margins over the last financial year.  PBT before 
exceptional items was Rs. 849 crores. 
A word about the new Labor Code impact and tax expense, our profit after tax for the year was 
Rs. 592 crores, a growth of 31% over last year with PAT margins of 26%. Net cash position as 
of March 31, 2026, is Rs. 1,375 crores. 
With respect to the quarterly financials, this was our highest revenue quarter ever, that is in Q4 
FY26. We delivered a revenue growth YoY of 26% for the quarter, with consolidated revenues 
at Rs. 611 crores. The CRDMO business delivered Rs. 513 crores revenues with a growth of 
31% YoY basis. Specialty ingredients delivered Rs. 98 crores, a growth of 8% YoY. EBITDA 
including other incomes was Rs. 318 crores, a growth of 52% over last year with EBITDA 
margins at 48.1% to be precise. PBT before exceptional items was Rs. 277 crores. 
We reassessed the impact of the new Labor Code changes, factoring in the revised remuneration 
structure. As a result, we have recognized a credit of Rs. 98 lakhs as exceptional items on account 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
of the new Labor C ode implementation. PAT was Rs. 190 crores for the quarter with PAT 
margins at 28.7%, a growth of 130% on a YoY basis. 
In a nutshell, it was a strong performance for FY26, with our highest revenue quarter ever in Q4 
FY26. Anthem's commitment to prudent cost management and focus on long-term value creation 
has enabled us to  expand profitability margins , while delivering this revenue growth.  Our 
EBITDA and PAT for the year grew by more than 30% in line with our growth aspirations  and 
we continue to maintain a healthy financial position and remain committed to delivering 
sustainable growth across all business segments.  
As we step into this FY27, our priorities remain clear , to build one of the most agile, science -
led, and future-ready CRDMO platforms in the world. 
Thank you for your attention. I'll now open the floor for any questions and comments. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Bansi Desai with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Bansi Desai: Thanks for taking my question and congrats on good finish to the year. As we step in FY27, how 
should we think about the growth for CRDMO business, both for research and development and 
manufacturing? Also, if you could comment on  for our key products where  we had witnessed 
some destocking impact in FY26, are those largely sorted now and should we see growth coming 
back on those molecules as we move ahead? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Well, thanks, Bansi. Just an overall comment, if you look at our track record, we have delivered 
growth in the vicinity of 20% and more, and that's what we aspire to even in the coming years. 
We believe that we're in a good place to  align with what we've done in the past, but of course, 
that remains to be seen. But we are very confident of ou r growth trajectory in this year and the 
years to come. 
On the question of destocking, that portion, there was definitely there with many of our 
customers, but you have seen that in spite of that we have delivered such good growth. So, going 
forward, when things get better and when this situation of destocking now swings to restocking, 
I think Anthem would be even in a better place. I think mostly it's behind us, and we expect that 
this will have a very positive impact on Anthem's top line and bottom line. 
Gawir Baig: Bansi, I'll just want to add something over here. Historically, if you look at it last 10 years, our 
revenue growth has been around 20% level. Even when we started last year, we said that we'll 
be delivering about 20%, but then the course-corrected and then we delivered about 15% revenue 
growth. While we had said 20% on revenues and 20% on EBITDA and PAT, whatever was the 
shortfall on revenues, we more than made up with respect to our EBITDA and PAT performance, 
with a 30% EBITDA growth and 30% plus PAT growth for FY26. 
Our aspirations are quite high. What we have delivered in the past, historically, over a long-term 
period, and we are not talking about a near-term FY27 or one year or a two-year kind of a period. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
We want to refrain from giving any guidance for FY27 or FY28, but long-term, have we put in 
the ingredients from a growth point of view? I'd say that the answer is yes. 
We're investing in our people, we're investing in our facilities, we're investing in technology, 
and all of this is also  seen by our customers. Customers do like us  and we're getting more and 
more projects as well. Our commercial portfolio has increased, our other portfolio from a late -
stage point of view has also gone up. So, all the ingredients are there. 
I would refrain from giving a forward -looking FY27 or a near-term guidance, but our thought 
process is to deliver on what we have delivered in the past across all parameters. Last year , we 
missed out on one parameter, but more than compensated on the two parameters on EBI TDA 
and PAT, but we will continue to do our best to deliver going forward on across all parameters 
from a growth and profitability point of view. 
Bansi Desai: Thanks and appreciate that. My second question is  also in terms of how do we from here on 
intend to augment our  relationship with  more innovators? I know we've got very strong 
relationship with probably three of the top 20 big pharma  and we've added probably two more 
there. So, as we move along, what probably the initiatives that you've been taking for broadening 
our footprint with more large innovators? 
Secondly on capacities, do you think this is constrained by our capacity , and therefore, as we 
move along over the next two years when more capacity comes online, we should see, 
broadening of our relationship with more big pharma? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Well, yes, it is already, as you rightly said, and there have been two notable additions last year 
in big pharma, which we didn't have earlier. We expect those relations to broaden and these were 
done directly. A lot of our relationship with big pharma have come through acquisitions of the 
biotech’s that we've been working with, and when they get acquired, we move into working with 
big pharma, and then once we're in there, we try to broaden our relationship in  other parts of 
their business. 
However, last year we've had two direct contacts and two direct relationships , which are now, 
I'm glad to say, growing healthily . It's not like flipping a switch. Your customers will have to 
build confidence in you, and they will slowly start giving you more and more exposure to their 
business and  larger contracts. I think we've already done that, the initial part, and we expect that 
we will see a bigger part of their pie in the years ahead.  
Secondly, a lot of our new programs, at this moment about 10 programs in the Phase 3 in small 
biotech’s, and historically they always get acquired. So, once they get acquired by big pharma, 
we expect that our relationship will now be with new big pharma. I think we're in a good place. 
More than 100 projects we're doing in R&D are in early stages, and 10 of them are in Phase 3. 
We are in a good place to add more big pharma customers to our portfolio. 
Gawir Baig: On the point, which you had asked on capacity, I don't see with the capacity additions that we 
have made in the last financial year with respect to Unit 2 expansion, and also Unit 3 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
commissioning, we have a decent headroom right now, which we can use up till the time our 
Unit 4 comes up, both on chemistry and biology. So, capacity will not be a constraint. 
Unit 2 expansion added significant capacity. We moved up from 246 kiloliters in Unit 2 to almost 
about 376 kiloliters in Unit 2, it's a 50% addition. Unit 3 is also fully up and running right now. 
What we are doing in Unit 4  is more to make ourselves future -ready, so that whenever the 
capacity comes up for Unit 4, and there are more programs coming in from early-stage biotech 
innovators or from big pharma, we have the wherewithal to be able to service them. So, capacity 
is not a constraint for us now. 
Bansi Desai: All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Saion Mukherjee with Nomura Holdings. 
Please go ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee: Yes. Thank you for taking my question, sir. You mentioned about you're trying to make the 
business more agile, future -ready CRDMO platform. In that context, what are the big missing 
pieces that you would like to address, let's say over the next two, three years, either organically 
or even inorganic is part of your plans, whether in India or even outside India, given the current 
geopolitical situation and your expanding customer relationships? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Thanks Saion. Again, in terms of becoming more agile and more ready, science -led, and be 
ready for our customers, what Anthem is doing is investing in technology. Though, if you were 
to look at our factories, we do have traditional bioreactors and bioreactor, but at the same time, 
we are also investing heavily in changing the way chemistry and biology is done. 
We are looking at can we do this in a continuous fashion? Can we change it to bringing better 
automation and control? Can we also do more green chemistry? All of this at a commercial scale. 
Where we have the advantage is that when we look at a program, we l ook at it very early in its 
evolution, and so when an early program comes in, you can implement all these , so that, when 
it goes to the regulators, you've already implemented these new technologies. 
That puts us in a place where we have  the respect of the customer, but also the regulators love 
better control, more green chemistry, and at the same time delivering higher quality as a result 
of all these better controls. The emphasis on technology will remain, and this is not just limited 
to what we've already told everybody, we are adding new aspects to this technology, and as and 
when you visit Anthem, you'll be able to see those in action. So, this is the first part. 
Secondly, in terms of acquisitions and growth, apart from our organic growth, which is also 
substantive, we are not averse to looking at acquisitions, both in India and abroad. We are 
actively searching. Unfortunately, we haven't come across the right candidate, and I've said this 
ad nauseam and I'll repeat it again, we will not do an acquisition  for the sake of an acquisition. 
It has to make sense and it must be the right asset.  So, we're always scouting for such targets . 
But once they come along, only then at the right one there, we'll make that call. So , to answer, 
we will drive our business through technology. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Saion Mukherjee: Understood. Just one more question on capex, if you can talk about your capex number for next 
year as you're expanding the new unit, and slightly medium-term capex outlook, let's say over 
the next three, four years, if you can guide for that? 
Gawir Baig: Sure. Saion. In terms of our capex plan, the first and the major capex what we're incurring right 
now is on Unit 4. We have articulated that this is going to be our largest project. Unit 1, 2, and 
3 put together, the Unit 4 is going to be much larger than all the units put together. So, it's a 30 
acre piece of land, and all our Units 1, 2, and 3 put together is close to about 30 acres. 
In Phase 1 of that expansion, and we are looking at investing almost about Rs. 1,200 odd crores 
across two years, this year FY27 and in FY28. We aim to complete the Phase 1 expansion by 
March '28 financial year, maybe towards the latter half of March '28. This will add close to about 
365 kiloliters of custom synthesis capacity and 100 kilolite rs of fermentation vis-à-vis our 
current capacity which is 425 kiloliters custom synthesis and 180 kiloliters fermentation. We are 
more or less doubling on custom synthesis and adding 50% more on the fermentation side. So , 
that's on Unit 4. 
We'll be completing a few more expansion, which is ongoing more on Unit 2 and Unit 3, which 
is lying as CWIP in our books in this half year of FY27. But largely, medium-term if you look 
at it, it's going to be Unit 4, which will be driving the major part of it. 
Just to add, we still have two more phases to be done with respect to Unit 4. That we will take it 
up once Phase 1 gets completed, and that will be post March '28. But the aspirations are huge 
over there, so that we can build a much larger facility , which will in Phase 1 at least double, in 
Phase 2 it could be triple from an overall capacity size point of view. 
Saion Mukherjee: Understood. Just a clarification, next year your capex would be north of Rs. 600 crores, right? 
Gawir Baig: Yes. 
Saion Mukherjee: Would that be a right assessment? Rs. 600 crores plus from residual capex plus maintenance 
capex, so what would be the number we should go with next year? 
Gawir Baig: Roughly about Rs. 700 crores and then post that will be about Rs. 500 crores. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay, understood. Yes, thank you. 
Gawir Baig: This we are investing for the future. 
Saion Mukherjee: Yes, yes. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Debanjan Bhakta with Universal Sompo 
General Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Debanjan Bhakta: I want to get some color on the product side. As you're seeing new orders coming on the new 
RFQs, what modalities are they coming in? Are they biological entities or chemical entities? 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Gawir Baig: Both. I would say that across both custom synthesis side and biology side, plus on the advanced 
technologies on the custom synthesis, more on the peptides or on the RNAi side, we're getting 
more and more orders there. 
Debanjan Bhakta: Okay. Another question, what payload are we developing i n the ADC platform? What type of 
payload? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: I'm not at a liberty to disclose those. Those are confidential work that we do for our clients. But 
we do a variety of payloads, at least I think 15 - 20 payloads we work on and depending on what 
our clients want, and some of them are proprietary. So, that's a very interesting area and we have 
a huge amount of activity going on there. I'm sorry, I won't be able to give you the names of the 
payloads. 
Debanjan Bhakta: Okay. Lastly, from the current manu facturing revenue, not the ID resource, how much of it 
coming from biologics , and how much it is coming from chemical entities? The current 
manufacturing revenues. 
Gawir Baig: A larger portion of it is from custom synthesis. But see, Debanjan, a lot of wor k includes 
enzymatic work, there's a lot of peptides work, which gets done, a lot of work on the RNAi side. 
Even in custom synthesis on some of the areas we use biotransformation. So , it's very difficult 
to articulate and differentiate saying that this is pure-play biology and this is pure -play custom 
synthesis, but a sizeable portion of our work comes from the NCE molecule side on the custom 
synthesis side. 
Debanjan Bhakta: Okay. Thank you for that. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Vivek Gautam with GS Investment. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Gautam: Congratulations, sir, for good set of numbers. My question is any risk of destocking, inventory, 
etcetera, in our company? In GLP-1, how is the overall opportunity size for us and expected 
growth rate for next two, three years and differentiator for our company, sir? Thank you. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Okay, to answer the first question, the destocking that had to happen has already happened. So, 
this year, everything will be in the positive territory, they are restocking now. That part is behind 
us. 
Second part is on the question of GLP-1, see, if you follow the GLP approvals in India, most of 
them have their active is from China. Now we are in conversations with I would say all the big 
players to give them an alternate, which is based here in India. We're in a very good position as 
far as GLP-1 goes, but this will be in the after most of them have launched and so, we will be in 
a good place to r eplace imports. That is a position that we've always been strong in.  The third 
question was on? 
Vivek Gautam: Differentiator for our company and opportunity size and expected growth rate for the next few 
years, sir. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Historically, we've grown upwards of 20% and we feel confident that this is what we want to 
maintain. However, as I say, we don't give forward-looking guidance, so I would not be able to 
give a number, but we do aspire to the growth that we have maintained so far. As far as Anthem 
is concerned is aligned to give you that growth rate. 
In terms of what differentiates us, I think it starts at the very , very basic thing. We are very 
different from our peers in India. We are more focused on small biotech’s, and therefore, we are 
more on the discovery side rather than the full -time equivalent type of business. What we 
differentiate ourselves is by technology as well. 
I think in that we have no peers in the country. We absolutely approach every problem from a 
new technology solution, and which our clients love. I think that gives us a lot of visibility and 
traction with our clients.  
The third part that differentiates us is our culture as well as a very large number of our employees 
are on our ESOP plan. 40% at the time of announcing stock options. So, we have a very young, 
energized workforce, which wants to see the company grow, and I think our margins really speak 
that difference. 
Vivek Gautam: Any risk of AI in the discovery stage where we are focused? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Yes. AI is coming into all, kinds of function of the company. It starts with the recruitment, with 
HR, with warehousing. So, we are trying to bring in. There's a lot of type of hype of AI, but you 
have to pick up the use cases and implement them case by case as  they are relevant to you. It's 
not some overarching thing that you can say, I have now put the company on AI. It has to be in 
the areas where it is relevant. So, it's a work-in-progress, we are constantly exploring that. 
Vivek Gautam: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vivek Rakholiya with Ficom Family 
Office. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Rakholiya: Thanks a lot for the opportunity and apologies in advance if my questions are very basic. I'm 
very new to the company. I wanted to understand firstly on the peptide front, a listed peer claims 
to have also developed the capability of making the full peptide chain , right from fragments to 
the APIs, and they have even started expanding their capacity for the same. How do you see this 
development and what would be your strategy to differentiate against the competition; domestic 
and international? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Okay. F or instance, this is not a science lesson, but when you say peptide, it is an organic 
molecule. So , there are very different types of peptides and it's a full body of chemistry by 
themselves. There is many ways to make depending on the peptide that is of interest , you can 
make different fragments, then do convergent synthesis, or you can do even a seria lly by step-
by-step, or you can do partly by fermentation and partly by synthesis and then do what's called 
biosynthesis. So, there are all kinds of ways of doing it. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Depending on the peptide in question, we've actually done seven or eight or maybe even mo re 
than that, 10-12 peptides, which we are working on. Each of them follow a different strategy. It 
depends on the structure and the way it must be built. So, I won't have an answer, to give you a 
very generic answer, how are we doing this?  
Again, when we  look at a problem, we look at what is the most optimal solution in terms of 
economics. We approach the problem from that side, which therefore , our aim is always to get 
the best cost of goods. 
As to the other question that somebody is doing all this assem bly of a peptide right from 
beginning. I'm not privy to what they are doing, but Anthem is in a very, very good place as far 
as GLP-1 type of peptides are concerned. I believe that we have extremely competitive cost of 
goods, rivalling even the Chinese. think we're in a good place there. We're very competitive. 
Vivek Rakholiya: Great. Thanks a lot for that answer. Just stepping back in terms of molecules and complexities, 
would it be the correct understanding that the TAM of peptide is larger than that of 
oligonucleotides? 
Also, just wanted to confirm , if between say peptide, oligonucleotides, and ADCs, how would 
you rank yourself on the basis of the complexity of the subject that you work with, your 
capability and the TAM of these areas , and competition if you can explore areas of these three 
molecules and modalities? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Again, you're asking a very fundamental question. Right now , peptides are the most successful 
commercial molecules. In terms of TAM, they would be the biggest. But for some applications 
peptides don't work, so there you'll need an ADC, and that's a very big area of growth in the 
pharma industry. 
When you bring oligonucleotides; they are everywhere again. Anthem has capability to do work 
in all these areas. Because these are the new modalities and these are new areas of research, and 
as I said, Anthem addresses all the problems through, find solutions, technological solutions. So, 
we are present in these three modalities in a very strong way. 
I mean, it'd be unfair to compare ADC versus peptides versus oligonucleotides, because they all 
do specific jobs and they are designed for that. The idea is to  get to the patients the right 
treatment. Anthem is present in all of them. As far as market is concerned, given the very large 
nature of diabetes, as well as obesity, right now peptides are the largest sales, and in the 
foreseeable future that's what it looks like. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dhawal Khut with Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhawal Khut: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to understand what steps are we taking to build a 
pipeline in large molecule, and wanted to delve deeper into the BD side of large molecule, how 
willing are innovators to give their projects to Indian CRDMO? How eas y or difficult is it to 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
bring those early -stage molecules in the country versus let's say the willingness in small 
molecule? 
Does India have any cost benefit advantage versus a Korea or China? Because CRDMO from 
these region claim that in large molecule th ere's no cost difference, their yields are extremely 
high. So, just wanted to get thoughts around the large molecule CRDMO space? That's my first 
question. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Okay. Thanks, Dhawal. Anthem is as I said, is focused equally and not all our peers i n India at 
least are, we are focused very well on biology as well as chemistry.  We're making investments 
in this space as well, so that we can do large molecules manufacture. We are working with about 
four, five projects where we would be the development p artner and hopefully then the 
manufacturing partner in large in large molecules. 
To answer your question about, how willing they are, they have no problem, most of the people, 
most of the customers we work with, they don't see a problem of coming to India. The problem 
if there are any lies in the capacities. In Korea particularly and in China also, the large companies 
have built up massive capacities. In that sense, they are ahead of us. There's no denying that.  
Because there is the upfront investment in large molecules is quite large, so you must be willing 
to invest billions of dollars for those kinds of capacities, which some of the players in Korea and 
China have done that. 
Second part that what is Anthem doin g to get people on board? Again, we plug away at this , 
because I think in terms of early development, Anthem is a very, very good partner , and if you 
have early development at least in biologics, the chances are that you can retain the project 
because you would know more about it than anybody else , and they would not like to transfer 
out when all the regulatory work has also been done at Anthem. 
Our strategy is a little different, it has to be. We can't go in there, like, Celltrion or Samsung and 
say will give us the project or even Lonza, a ready-made project because they have the capacity 
to support it. But all the Indian companies are in the same position. Biosimilars India is already 
making a dent. In novel molecules also, it is in the same position that we were in small molecules 
let's say 20, 25 years ago in NCEs, and I think this is a very good place, because now the mental 
barriers of giving work to India are not there. So , the more we invest, which we are, the more 
we will see projects come our way. 
Dhawal Khut: Got it, sir. This is very helpful commentary. Secondly, just wanted to get the update on the 
biosimilar asset that we are working on, how's the progress going on? Eventually when things 
will hit our P&L, we'll put it under the CRDMO category , or will it fall under the specialty 
ingredient? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: That's going really well. That project is well on its way and as you know, there is a process of 
doing this, it has to be refiled three batches, all that is going on now. Typically, the lead times 
in approval of another site tends to be one year or so. I think, which will hit our P&L next year. 
Where will we classify it? I think it will go in CRDMO.  
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Dhawal Khut: Thank you, sir. I have more question; I'll join back the queue. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Yes. Thanks, Dhawal. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Ashish with UTI. Please go ahead. 
Ashish: Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, if you could also talk about specialty ingredient, what is the 
kind of order book that we are dealing with right now? Is this segment currently a victim of 
destocking as we can see in the revenue growth numbers? 
Gawir Baig: Ashish, with respect to specialty ingredients, the nature of the business is slightly different. We 
are dealing with products like serratiopeptidase, vitamin, probiotics, enzymes, all these products, 
that is more catered towards the India and R oW markets. We are also looking at getting these 
products filed for some of the developed markets as well. 
These are our own products where we a re selling to multiple customers. It's slightly different 
than the CDMO business where we are working with the innovators one-on-one, and where there 
is dedicated manufacturing , which we do for some of the customers, and we get order books 
from them and there's a significant large lead time in terms of supplying those molecules. Hence 
you have order book right at the very beginning of the year for six months down the line. 
Specialty ingredients has been a flow business for us. If you look at specialty ingredients, I just 
want to add over there, last year , towards the first three quarters of the year was a little bit flat 
for us, but we have started increasing revenues in specialty ingredients from the fourth quarter 
onwards. We delivered about 8% growth in the fourth quarter and we would aspire to grow that 
business also in a similar growth trajectory as what we are looking at growing for our CDMO 
business. Overall, a 20% growth for specialty ingredients as well.  
We don't have order book sort of a concept in  specialty ingredients, because we manufacture 
and then we try to sell to the customers who are already taking the product across multiple 
geographies and across multiple product categories. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: We are very confident. Now, we are also adding in Unit 4 a dedicated facility, this is something, 
which has been lacking. What has been happening, one reason why the growth tends to be a little 
patchy there is that when we have the same facilities for specialty ingredients and our NCE 
business. Sometimes when we get new projects in that area for CRDMO, we tend to  give less 
importance to the specialty ingredients business. So , some of their capacities get cannibalized 
by our CRDMO business.  That's one reason why they're not able to really see the growth, bu t 
now we're investing in a separate facility and that will help us a lot in the future. 
Ashish: Okay. Given that some part of the gross block is actually fungible, how do you maintain margins 
then? Is there an aspiration , because you have spoken about the revenue growth aspiration, 
anything on the EBITDA margin side you would like to comment on? 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Gawir Baig: Our aspiration across all the parameters, whether it is revenue, EBITDA, or PAT, is the same. If 
we continue to grow our business in a particular growth  rate; our costs are also escalating in a 
similar growth rate. With a little bit of an operating leverage, we'll be able to keep our margins 
constant and continue to have witness a similar growth trajectory in EBITDA as well as in a 
PAT term. 
Ashish: Okay. So, 38% to 40% EBITDA margins is a fair number to assume? 
Gawir Baig: We've delivered so far, and we’ll continue to deliver those numbers going forward as well. 
Ashish: Okay. Lastly, on headwind side, at least for our business, do  you not see any risk ema nating 
from the tariff situation, right? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: No tariffs is not a problem , because most of the big pharma that we work with already have 
separate deals with the administration in the US. Secondly, these are very difficult times to 
predict what will happen as in terms of headwinds. Nobody anticipated a war in in the Middle 
East. 
There's so many so many things, which are up in the air. In spite of that Anthem has grown and 
grown really well, and I don't see why we couldn't do that. But these are tim es where there are 
inflationary pressures, that we can see it. At the same time, we also know that what will deliver; 
the goods is our technology platforms, and we believe that we'll be able to maintain both growth 
and profitability. 
Ashish: That's very helpful. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Saion Mukherjee with Nomura Holdings. Please go 
ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee: Yes. Thank you for the follow-up. Just one question, Anthem today is still a very small company, 
compared to many global peers, and you have a very cohesive unit, high-quality service, which 
is also reflected in steady growth and also very high profit margins and profitability. 
Now, if we look forward over the next four, five years, even if you grow a t 20%, maybe your 
scale will double or maybe triple, and if you add inorganic, it could become even larger. Your 
comments do suggest that we are at an inflection point where CRDMO in India is accepted, also 
Anthem as a company is gaining traction with big pharma. I think the opportunities can come 
your way at a much faster pace, and that would require you to grow much bigger or much faster 
than what you have grown in the past. That would also probably present some challenges on 
execution and profitability.  
Have you envisioned Anthem from a five, seven -year perspective, slightly longer -term 
aspiration you have, and these levels of profitability, can it sustain because it's already very high 
compared to anyone else in the industry? 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Ajay Bhardwaj: We have envisioned five to seven years of growth. As we said, we're investing such a large 
amount in Unit 4. By the time that comes in, gets thing and gets filled up, the capacity of Unit 4 
is going to be greater than all our units put together. So , yes, there are much bigger players out 
there, we've also had the fastest growth rate among all our peers. At the end of the day, it is about 
your growth rather than worrying about what other's size is, right? Somebody can have a bigger 
company, but we are growing faster than most. That's one thing.  
                                                Secondly, we are investing in the future , and if we weren't looking at five years ahead, why 
would we invest in such a large amount of money. 
The third thing about acquis itions and growth within terms of getting into an inorganic growth 
situation, yes, we are very keen on that and if we get something , which is of right quality and 
the right geography, we will definitely go for it . There is no doubt about it that we are loo king 
at all possibilities. Our cash situation allows us to be flexible; we can look at these possibilities. 
You're your absolute right, our margins are really, really high  and just to maintain them would 
be a yeoman task, but I think we're equal to it , and we believe we can maintain them. But , we 
really want to grow them as well. We are better than our peers in terms of our growth, in terms 
of our margins, and we intend to stay there. 
Saion Mukherjee: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Amey Chalke with JM Financial Services. 
Please go ahead.  
Amey Chalke: Sure. Thank you for giving me opportunity. I have first question on CRO about how it has done 
during the year and the quarter, and if we can provide t he breakup? Also, along with that, the 
GMs have gone up over last one year as well as this quarter or the second half, it is consistently 
above 65%. Is it contributed by the higher CRO mix and what is the outlook over there?  
Gawir Baig: Amey, with respect to the gross margins, we had articulated this that for one of the intermediates 
where we were outsourcing it , we were not completely backward integrated, we became 
backward integrated during the course of last year , and it started showing in the gross mar gins 
with respect to the material margin movement. 
That integration is complete. We source the raw material, manufacture the intermediates, 
manufacture the API and supply to the customer, and we are not reliant on any external source. 
The backward integration had helped us in terms of improving our material margins, which has 
moved up over Q3 and Q4 of last year. 
Now in terms of the split of revenues, a large portion of our business still comes from 
commercial molecules. In the course of last year, we had 4 molecules, which went commercial 
and our commercial pipeline increased to 14.  On the on the late -stage side, we had 10 at the 
beginning of the year. We got four of them moved towards commercial, but we also added a few 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
more molecules in the late -stage pipeline and now the late -stage pipeline stands at 10 Phase 3 
molecules. Along with that, we work on 100 plus programs on the early-stage side. 
The development and manufacturing batches what we supply for some of these early-stage, late-
stage molecules is roughly about 15% of our revenues. Commercial is about 60% and 14%. 
R&D is about 8 % to 9% of our business, and the balance is specialty ingredients. Specialty 
ingredients is about 17% of our business. That's the breakdown. 
Amey Chalke: Thank you so much. One question I have for Ajay, in CRO; AI companies are also started 
coming in in the US market. Although , we are fortunately more manufacturing company, but 
how do you see this AI evolution in the CRDMO space? Do you think that there is any space for 
this AI coming into the manufacturing side of it, which can be a material advantage on the AI? 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Okay, Amey, what we hear is that it will be a big aid in discovery, which is identification of 
molecules given a particular target. It will  do it far faster  and better. We also hear that it will 
give us many more optimized routes of manufacture. So, there AI will definitely play a part, I'm 
pretty sure of that. 
But at the end of the day, somebody has to get into the plant and manufacture, and that's 83% of 
our business, it's a very high percentage of our business.  We feel that we are a little protected, 
manufacturing still has to be done. But there are areas where it will start to optimize your plants 
with better use of AI. That'll only help us and that will help us improve our margins, hopefully. 
So, I don't have a clear-cut answer to it, but there will be portions of your business , which will 
benefit from it. I think we'll implement it in depending on case by case as to where we see the 
maximum benefit and implement AI there.  Overall, a company, which has to be AI -ready, it's 
not a catch -all, but it will solve certain problems better than people can, and I think that's 
something that we are definitely looking. 
Amey Chalke: Sure. Just last ques tion. On GLP-1, when is the commercialization is expected on the generic 
side of it, and can it be a material segment for us going ahead? Thank you so much. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Well, looking into the future, it will be big contributor, I'm pretty sure of it. At  the same time, 
all our customers are working on their new formulation with our material, so it also depends on 
when they can get approval and when we can get approval for to launch it. I think it's just sitting 
there, otherwise we're in a good place. That could happen in six months, it could happen in eight 
months, but I think we're there. 
Amey Chalke: Sure, sir. Thank you so much. I would join back. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Dhawal Khut with Jefferies Group. Please go ahead. 
Dhawal Khut: Thanks for the follow-up. I just wanted some more color on the Phase 3 molecule pipeline that 
we have. Two parts to it. On the first part, the recently added four molecules, how many are 
lateral entry for us versus molecules coming from Phase 2 and graduating to Phase 3?  
===== PAGE 16 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
                                                Secondly, can you divide this entire basket of 10 molecules big pharma versus biotech as of 
now, and what would be the modalities of this entire basket of 10 molecules? 
Gawir Baig: In terms of the additions, which have happened in Phase 3, all of them are non-lateral. These are 
molecules where we were working with them on early Phase 2, and they have moved to Phase 
3. All of them are emerging biotech. It has come from our entire biotech funnel where we work 
right from discovery, development, supplying them the small quantities, and then as the 
quantities progress and as the product moves from Phase 1 to Phase 2, have moved to Phase 3. 
It's a good mix of molecules, which are on ADC side. We have some molecules where we also 
do biotransformation and that has also moved on Phase 3 . So , I won't say that, it's more 
dominated towards a one particular therapeutic category or one particular technology category. 
It's a good mix across all the spectrum of ADC, peptides, or oligos, etcetera, work what we do  
and everything is coming from the emerging biotech customer. 
Dhawal Khut: Okay. So, this basket of 10 is a mix across  different technologies that you have. Is that the fair 
understanding, right? At least you have one molecule in each of them.  
Gawir Baig:                          Yes, correct. 
Dhawal Khut:                          Lastly, is US pharma tariff creating any challenges in terms of business development, especially 
with the US customers, or you think the customers are also taking it with a bit of a pinch of salt, 
because there's lot of to and fro, the clarity is not there, and they are planning for long-term? 
Gawir Baig: No, it hasn't had any impact on us. If you look at the  nature of our business, most of our 
commercial products are with the big pharma, and they have entered into separate arrangements 
with respect to the tariff part with the administration. 
The early-stage biotech cluster for us is still in the early development or in the late development 
stage, so they are still in the drug candidate category for us. At least till now, we haven't had any 
impact with respect to the tariff announcement. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Your point is good point; I think the biotech 's are taking this with equanimity. As you yourself 
said, there's so much back and forth, nobody's very clear what the intent is. It seems to be the 
intent is very undefined and in the long run, it doesn't really matter. That's how people have 
taken this view now that. India and America are on the same side. So, I think everybody's okay 
with it. 
Dhawal Khut: Got it, sir. This is very helpful commentary. All the very best. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, we will take the last question from 
Udit Bokaria with Catamaran. Please go ahead. 
Udit Bokaria: Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to understand a few of the commercial molecules, which 
we were working with biotech companies were acquired by large pharma. You had mentioned 
in the past that they are yet to be launched commercially by the big pharma , because they were 
===== PAGE 17 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
still doing some assessment, right . So, when do we expect that to be launched? That's the first 
question. Secondly, if you can share what your US biotech partner is talking about now, biotech 
funding environment, and are you seeing increase in the inquiries? 
Gawir Baig: I'll take on the biotech funding side. Biotech funding has been recovering, and I think till about 
April, the four months, it's gone up by about 50-odd percent YoY. So, there's a recovery, which 
has happened on the biotech funding side, and we are also seeing that with respect to the requests, 
which is coming in on the early -stage development projects. While the projects are smaller in 
size, but the number of requests, which is coming in is increasing. Biotech funding is not a side 
of concern for us. 
Now with respect to the commercial molecule questions, which you had asked for,  last four 
molecules, which went from our Phase 3 pipeline to commercial last year, one of them was with 
a big pharma. The rest three were with the emerging biotech customer, and they have launched 
the product in the market. Maybe towards the end of the year, some maybe towards the middle 
of the year. So , it's launched, but the ramp -up will take some time. They are still in the early 
phase of their launch in the market. 
Udit Bokaria: How should one read from the customer indication when can we expect the ramp-up happening 
for these products? 
Gawir Baig: It takes two to three years to build to have the ramp -up, because, we might have mentioned the 
peak sales estimates for the four commercial molecules , which went commercial last year, but 
that peak sales estimate is typically from the analysts are four to five years from the launch date. 
So, it will take some time to launch because they will be looking at launching those molecule s 
in one geography, then they are looking at fi ling, doing registrations in other geographies and 
launching it. With respect to registrations also, it will take some time. It will be two to three 
years for the molecules to see that ramp-up happen on the overall sales. 
Udit Bokaria: The current contribution from these four molecules would be less than 5% or meaningless , is 
that the fair understanding? 
Gawir Baig: Not really, because they have launched it in the market, they had taken launch quantities  from 
us. Ballpark, the current contribution from these four molecules will be in the range of closer to 
about 8% to 9% of our revenues. So , when I talked about commercial molecules being about 
60% of our revenues, 8  odd percentage ballpark will be from these new molecules , which had 
been launched. 8% to 9%. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: There's a lot of headroom to grow. 
Udit Bokaria: Understood. Just back on the biotech funding part, in terms of our capacity to handle number of 
projects, currently we are doing 100 projects, so how should we think what is the peak capacity 
of inquiries that we can handle, and how are we ramping that up? 
===== PAGE 18 =====
  Anthem Biosciences Limited 
  May 20, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Ajay Bhardwaj: As you said, we have invested in Neo Anthem, our Unit 3, which is where we've put in a lot of 
labs, so we can handle many more projects. But I must also tell you , these projects come in 
different slices, right? It is not that these are everything comes at one go. So , there'll be, out of 
these 100 projects, some would be at the early stage of just development of the chemistry, some 
would be at a stage of optimizing that chemistry, and then another would be how we can get a 
commercial optimization of the of the process. 
When there are so many aspects to it, it is not that we have different teams to address that. At 
any given time, we can handle a lot of projects. It's not that we are constrained by that. But you're 
right, you need more and more labs, and that's what we built in Unit 3. So, if the projects go to 
200, we'll be fine. We'll be able to handle that. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that brings us to the end of the question-and-answer session. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing remarks. 
Ajay Bhardwaj: Okay. First of all, thank you everyone for attending this. As we have said, our aspiration is to be 
the most admired, the most agile, and the one CRDMO that follows the best practices around 
the world. Our customers have shown their trust in us by being very sticky. We have very long-
term relationships with most of  our customers, which is yielding us very good results.  Going 
forward, I expect that to remain and we are very confident about the future and in the investments 
that we have made. 
                                               Unit 3 is already turning around and it's going to be in the positive territory this year. Unit 4 will 
be ready by the next financial year. We are in a very good place to become the leading CRDMO 
out of our country and after that the sky is the limit.  
                                                Thank you for your confidence in us and we will work very hard to honour that confidence. 
Thank you very much. 
Gawir Baig: Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Anthem Biosciences Limited, that concludes 
this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy and may contain transcription errors. 
The Company or the  sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 