SOURCE: inputs/peer-concalls/PPLPHARMA-Concall_Jul_2026_Transcript.pdf | pages=19

===== PAGE 1 =====
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Piramal Pharma Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. NANDINI PIRAMAL – CHAIRPERSON – PIRAMAL 
PHARMA LIMITED 
 MR. PETER DEYOUNG – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
GLOBAL PHARMA – PIRAMAL PHARMA LIMITED 
 MR. VIVEK VALSARAJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
PIRAMAL PHARMA LIMITED 
 MR. GAGAN BORANA – HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT – 
PIRAMAL PHARMA LIMITED 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 2 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Piramal Pharma Limited Q1 FY '27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
'*' then '0' on your touchtone phone. Please note this conference is being recorded. At this 
time, I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Gagan, Head of Investor Relations and 
Enterprises Risk Management. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Gagan Borana: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, everyone. I welcome you all to our post -results earnings 
conference call to discuss our Q1 FY '27 results. Our results material have been uploaded on 
our website and you may like to download and refer them during our discuss ion. The 
discussion today may include some forward-looking statements and these must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks that our business faces. On the call today, we have with us our 
Chairperson, Ms. Nandini Piramal; CEO Global Pharma, Mr. Peter DeYoung; and our CFO, 
Mr. Vivek Valsaraj. With that, I would like to hand it over to Ms. Nandini Piramal to share 
her thoughts. 
Nandini Piramal:  Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our Q1 FY '27 earnings call. We have 
started FY '27 on a strong and encouraging footing with all three businesses delivering mid-
to-high teen revenue growth along with meaningful EBITDA margin expansion. During the 
quarter, revenue from operations grew 17% year-on-year to INR2,270 crores, while EBITDA 
increased 72% to INR285 crore s. EBITDA margins also expanded by approximately 400 
basis points to 12.5%. Our profitability improved significa ntly driven by all -round revenue 
growth, higher capacity utilization, operating leverage, pricing discipline, and continued 
focus on operational excellence. 
 Our CDMO business delivered broad-based growth across India and the overseas sites. Over 
the last year, we have strengthened our commercial team, deepened customer engagement, 
and sharpened our go -to-market approach. Combined with the continued signs of re covery 
in US Bio-Pharma funding, these efforts contributed to healthy RFP activity and robust order 
inflow during the quarter. 
 Our complex hospital generics business delivered a resilient performance while maintaining 
leadership positions across key therapies. We're seeing encouraging traction in ex-US 
inhalation anesthesia markets. Kenalog supplies, which remain an important growth driver 
for FY '27, are expected to start from Q2 FY '27. 
 Our consumer healthcare business delivered yet another quarter of strong mid -teen growth 
led by continued momentum in Power Brands and e -commerce. Expansion in distribution, 
disciplined brand investments, premiumization, and cost optimization initiatives supported 
both growth and profitability during the quarter. 
 Quality and compliance continue to remain a key differentiator for us. During the quarter, 
our Sellersville facility in the US received an EIR from the USFDA, successfully concluding 
the inspection. We're also proud of our long -standing quality track record across the global 
===== PAGE 3 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
network, having maintained a strong compliance culture and a zero OAI classification status. 
 Moving to our business-specific performance, starting with our CDMO business. Our CDMO 
business delivered 19% year-on-year revenue growth during the quarter. Growth was broad-
based with a healthy contribution from both India and overseas sites, supported by strong 
execution, improved demand conditions, and good order inflows across the network. 
 Over the past year, we have made significant investments in strengthening our commercial 
capabilities. We've expanded our commercial team, enhanced customer engagement, and 
refined our commercial strategy to improve market coverage and win rates. Combined with 
the continued recovery in US Bio-Pharma funding over the last few quarters, these initiatives 
have contributed to a meaningful increase in RFP activity across most of our sites. 
 While customer decision-making timelines remain extended, we remain encouraged by both 
the quality and the breadth of RFPs entering our funnel. Importantly, a significant portion of 
these RFPs are directed towards our overseas sites, which have a favorable  margin profile 
and offer meaningful scope for margin expansion as utilization levels continue to increase. 
 Geopolitical and trade -related uncertainties are reinforcing the importance  of supply chain 
resilience and diversification efforts across the pharmaceutical industry. Increasingly, 
customers are seeking reliable CDMO partners with differentiated capabilities, high quality 
standards, and a manufacturing footprint spanning multiple geographies. Our global network 
positions us well to capture these emerging opportunities. Operationally, strong execution 
drove growth across most of our sites. 
 High utilization levels, pricing discipline, and operational excellence initiatives supported 
profitability improvement despite ongoing inflationary pressures. We continue to strengthen 
our differentiated capabilities, particularly in the ADC space. Durin g the quarter, we 
inaugurated a new commercial-scale payload-linker development and manufacturing site at 
our Riverview facility. 
 Equipped with advanced containment, automation, and analytical capabilities, the facility 
enhances our ability to support customers from development through commercial 
manufacturing. The expansion of sterile injectable capacity at Lexington also remains o n 
track. Together, the Riverview and Lexington investments form part of our USD90 million 
expansion program and significantly strengthen our integrated ADC platform, spanning 
payload-linker manufacturing and sterile fill-finish capabilities. 
 We continue to witness encouraging customer interest in these capabilities. During the 
quarter, we also announced a strategic collaboration with Ajinomoto Bio -Pharma Services, 
combining their AJICAP site-specific conjugation technology with our ADC manufacturing 
expertise. 
 This collaboration will provide customers with a more seamless pathway from early 
development through commercial manufacturing while simplifying technology transfer and 
scale-up. In addition, we announced a manufacturing and supply agreement with Botanix to 
support development and commercial supply of Sofdra. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 This arrangement highlights the strength of our integrated North American network and our 
ability to offer customer supply continuity, operational flexibility, and potential dual -site 
manufacturing. Overall, improving market conditions, strengthening comm ercial 
capabilities, differentiated offerings, and strong execution position the CDMO business well 
for continued growth and progressive profitability improvement. 
 Moving on to our complex hospital generics business. Our complex hospital generics 
business delivered a resilient performance over the quarter with revenue growing 17% year-
on-year to INR743 crores. We maintained our leadership position across key therapi es, 
including Sevoflurane and Intrathecal Baclofen in the United States, while continuing to 
expand our presence in the ex-US markets. 
 In inhalation anesthesia, we retained our leadership position in the US Sevoflurane market 
with a 48% market share while witnessing encouraging traction across select ex-US markets. 
We expect these markets to become an increasingly important contributor t o growth over 
time. In intrathecal therapy, we continue to maintain our leadership position in the Baclofen 
market, reinforcing our strength in differentiated hospital products. 
 Within injectable pain, we're making steady progress in addressing supply constraints and 
improving product availability. Enhanced supply should enable us to better capitalize on 
demand opportunities across key markets going forward. Kenalog supplies, whi ch are an 
important growth driver for FY '27, are expected to start from Q2 FY '27. 
 We also remain focused on building a differentiated specialty portfolio .through a 
combination of 505(b)(2) products, complex generics, branded products, in -licensing 
opportunities, and co -development partnerships. These initiatives are aimed at not only 
broadening our product portfolio but leveraging our customer relationship and worldwide 
supply network to support long-term growth. 
 Overall, the business delivered strong growth while maintaining cost discipline amidst 
supply-related challenges and input cost pressures. Moving to our consumer healthcare 
business. Our consumer healthcare business continued its strong momentum, deliveri ng 
another quarter of mid-teen revenue growth. 
 Growth was driven by the continued strength of Power Brands, rapid expansion in e -
commerce, wider distribution reach, and disciplined investments behind our brands. Power 
Brands grew 23% year-on-year and contributed 53% of consumer healthcare sales during the 
quarter, reflecting the success of our focused brand -building efforts and consumer 
engagement initiatives. Our e -commerce business grew 40% year -on-year and contributed 
28% of sales. E-commerce remains a key strategic growth channel and an important source 
of long-term value creation. 
 During the quarter, we launched i -choose, a new master brand that brings together our 
women's intimate care portfolio under a unified identity. The platform addresses consumer 
needs across multiple life stages and represents another step in our strategy of building scale 
and differentiated brand s. We continue to invest behind our brands and allocated 
===== PAGE 5 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
approximately 12% of sales towards media and trade promotion during the quarter. 
 Our approach combines traditional and digital media channels to maximize reach, 
engagement, and effectiveness. Our innovation strategy remains focused on fewer, better, 
and bigger launches. We continue to prioritize high -potential opportunities that can sc ale 
meaningfully while also driving premiumization across the portfolio through higher-margin 
offerings. 
 In addition, judicious pricing actions and cost optimization initiatives helped mitigate raw 
material inflation and supported profitability despite a challenging input cost environment. 
Overall, strong brand momentum, channel expansion, premiumization, and  disciplined 
execution position the business well for sustained growth and continued EBITDA 
improvement. 
 Summarizing the performance, to conclude, we are very pleased with our strong and 
encouraging start to FY 27. All three businesses delivered mid -to-high teen revenue growth 
supported by favourable long-term industry dynamics, focused investments, and disciplined 
execution. Importantly, this growth translated into meaningful EBITDA expans ion and 
improved profitability. 
 Our diversified portfolio, strong customer relationships, quality track record, and global 
manufacturing network continue to strengthen our competitive positioning. Looking ahead, 
we remain focused on deepening customer engagement, driving operational exce llence, 
maintaining financial discipline, and judiciously investing behind select long -term 
opportunities. 
 We will continue strengthening our differentiated CDMO capabilities, expanding our 
specialty product portfolio in complex hospital generics, and investing behind priority brands 
and channels within the consumer healthcare space. Based on our strong start a nd current 
business momentum, we look forward to delivering sustained revenue growth and margin 
expansion during FY27 while staying agile in a fluid external environment. With that, I'd like 
to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question comes 
from the line of Amey Chalke with JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Amey Chalke: Yes, thank you for taking my question and congrats to the management on a good set of 
numbers. First question I have on the CDMO business. We have delivered good numbers 
during the first quarter. Typically, we have seen the trend in CDMO particularly that quarter-
on-quarter gro wth is always there from 1Q to 4Q; we keep on seeing the gradual 
improvement in the number. Considering the first quarter of this year has been quite good, 
do you expect that trend to continue for following quarters durin g the year? And do you 
intend to upgrade your top-line guidance for the year considering we have done well during 
1Q? 
Vivek Valsaraj: So, Amey, thank you for the question. And yes, historically what we have seen is that our 
CDMO business has seen higher quantum of revenues being delivered in H2 versus H1. This 
===== PAGE 6 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
year, we began with a more stronger opening order book, which we had referenced to during 
our last investor call, which is why we began on a stronger note. 
 Between the quarters, there may be some ups and downs depending upon how delivery 
patterns emerge throughout the course of the year. But on a full -year basis, we continue to, 
you know, stand with the original guidance that we had given at that point in tim e. At this 
stage, it's early days, Amey, and we don't want to revise any guidance. We'll come back with 
anything fresh maybe after the September quarter results, but we're maintaining the annual 
guidance at this stage. 
Amey Chalke: Sure. Just one more thing on the CDMO side. We have, I think, a couple of contracts which 
were to get commercialized during the course of the year, like New Amsterdam, etc etera. 
When exactly is it likely to start adding up in our numbers? 
Peter DeYoung: Again, we discussed this from time to time on our investor calls. We don't really comment 
on specific contracts. We would suggest the best way to look at it, if it's a publicly traded 
customer, they have their own analyst reports and investor calls, and you can make your own 
conclusions from those because they're covered very well by very strong analysts, and I 
would suggest you read those materials for predictions on when they would expect to have 
revenue from the different offerings that they have. 
Amey Chalke: Sure. Just one more last question on complex hospital generics, where our trend for the last 
few quarters has been muted, for at least for the last five to six quarters. This quarter has —
we have delivered something like 17%, 18% kind of a growth. You menti oned in your 
opening remarks this is largely driven by non-US markets. So, the issue which we were facing 
in this segment, which was from the Chinese competition, should we assume that has been 
subsided and should we expect this growth trend to continue for the rest of the year? 
Peter DeYoung: So, I would say that we started to take actions over the course of last year to respond to the 
Chinese competitive situation, and the Chinese competitive situation remains. However, our 
actions have started to bear fruit. And we would expect to, as Vivek mentioned, we reaffirm 
our guidance for the full year for the business. 
 I wouldn't necessarily assume that the exact percentage rate we had in Q1 will be the full -
year number. I would look back at the full -year guidance we gave for the business and I 
would take the Q1 base business growth that you noticed in particularly in the ROW market 
as a positive indication that we have a plan to execute this year throughout the year. 
Amey Chalke: Sure. Thank you so much. I'll join back the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sajal Kapoor with Antifragile Thinking. 
Please go ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Hi, team. I've got a couple of questions. In CDMO, many 
companies initially win isolated development or manufacturing assignments, but over time, 
the stronger platforms become embedded partners across multiple molecules and multiple 
stages of the development and commercial manufacturing life cycle. When you look at your 
===== PAGE 7 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Top 10 CDMO customers today, is the average customer spending meaningfully more with 
Piramal every 3 to 5 years, or is the growth still largely driven by continuously replacing 
completed projects with new ones? 
Peter DeYoung:  So, I think we cover some of this in our annual report break -up where we do a bunch of 
demographics, but we're particularly proud of our growth rate with our Top 20 customers 
over a multi-year period. And also, we break up and share in that the fact that m any of our 
Top 20 customers are working with us across multiple sites because they see value in our 
network. 
 And even further, we give a breakdown showing that it's not just multiple sites; a lot of them 
see the East-West benefit where they're working at least one of our Indian sites and one of 
our Western sites. And so, we think that these demographics are mean ingful and significant 
in terms of the Top 20 customers demonstrating that they're buying multiple things from us 
and that they're growing faster than the rest of our business. 
Sajal Kapoor: And Peter, are you saying that they actually expand their relationship by giving us multiple 
molecules over multiple sites over time? So, we get in the door, do one with them, and then 
one becomes 5 and 7? 
Peter DeYoung:  So, I'd say that, I was trying to draw the fact that we have absolute revenue growth higher for 
this segment. And the second point was that we have multiple offerings we give them, and 
very rarely would you get a whole bundle at once, you'll get that over time. And so, we use 
the concept of land and expand. And so, you often would begin with a single offering at a 
single site or maybe a single integrated project. 
 But yes, we have a track record of growing and adding projects with our larger customers 
over time. It's a core part of our strategy where we're trying to -- obviously, we like to grow 
across the different segments, but we would like to make our larger customers become more 
larger. 
Sajal Kapoor: No, that's helpful. And in your experience, what are the common characteristics of customers 
who expand their relationships with Piramal, or who have expanded their relationship with 
Piramal from a single project to multiple programs, more complex programs for commercial 
manufacturing? 
Peter DeYoung:  Part of it is us and part of it is them. I'd start with what the part that is in our control is that 
we deliver on what we committed to and delight them. So, we have a whole customer 
satisfaction program to ensure that we're delighting. We call it delivery  to delight and how 
do we ensure that we are delighting our customers and get to the point where they'd want to 
give us a referral or reference? That's our measure of success is the emotional in addition to 
the objective outcomes. And so, that's under our control. 
 And then what would be under the customer's control is that they need to have enough needs 
that are not being met, or that we could meet, that are in their portfolio. And so, they would 
need to have enough things in their pipeline or their offering that would be needing services. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
And so, we would see this strategy work best with the medium-to-larger size customers that 
have multiple pipeline offerings for whom we are delivering on our promises. 
Sajal Kapoor:  That's helpful, Peter. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Abdul Kader Poonawala with ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. The current participant has been disconnected. We’ll move on 
to the next question. It’s from the line of Raj from Kotak AMC. Please go ahead. 
Raj: Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Just a few questions. So, first in terms of the operating -
- in terms of the gross margin expansion actually, at the subsidiary level, so, I can see that it 
is going from 72% year -on-year growth to 68%. So, at what level o f revenues in the 
subsidiary levels, or any guidance that you can give in terms of when this subsidiary gross 
margin starts to show meaningful improvement towards -- can we put a target of, say, 80% 
gross margin? 
Vivek Valsaraj: Okay. So, Raj, firstly, if you look at gross margins for a quarter, they are not necessarily 
indicative of what the annual gross margins for the respective geographies would be. 
Therefore, there is some mixed impact that normally affects gross margins. Typically, on an 
average, our gross margins for our overseas facilities are in the range of north of 75%, 
between 75% to 85%, whereas in India, if you look at it, the gross margins are on the lower 
side, around 55% to 65%. And that's how the blended average comes to about 64%, 65% for 
the overall company as a whole. 
 Typically, gross margins tend to be higher in our overseas facilities; the margin profile is 
high. But of course, expenses will also be high. So, at an EBITDA level, at scale, the EBITDA 
margins are comparable whether it's India or whether it's overseas. So, don't go by one quarter 
gross margin; it's not indicative of how the gross margin profile for the geographies is. 
Raj:  Sure. Thank you. You mentioned in terms of mix. So, again, not necessarily only for CDMO, 
but just if we can get some color on both qualitatively, quantitatively in terms of the split 
between standalone and consol for basically your CHG -- the CHG split between standalone. 
So I think Sevoflurane in the US is made in the subsidiaries and I think the ex -US is in the 
standalone. So, what would roughly be that mix for CHG and then for CDMO?. 
Vivek Valsaraj: Yes. Currently for our CHG business, predominant portion of the business continues to reside 
outside of India. So, the standalone has a very small component of the overall CHG business; 
it's predominantly outside of India. And as far as our CDMO is concerned, it is roughly 48% 
outside of India and the balance is India. 
Raj:  Okay. And just one last bookkeeping question. So, I think last quarter you mentioned about 
the FY26 ADC sales of $64 million. Any sense that we can get this quarter, Q1, either exit 
rate or annualized rate for ADC this quarter? 
Vivek Valsaraj: We're not providing this on a quarterly basis. You will see another update coming later during 
the fiscal year, Raj, not on a quarterly basis. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Raj: Okay. Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vinod Jain with WF Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Vinod Jain: Congratulations. The position continues to be adverse in this quarter too of taxation. How 
will it pan out in the coming 3 quarters? And secondly, is there any thinking on business 
reorganization to reduce the tax impact? 
Vivek Valsaraj: Yes. So, Vinod, there are a couple of questions that you have asked, so let me take them one 
by one. The first is on the tax for the quarter. So, there are two components to it. Firstly, the 
tax for the quarter, if you're comparing that versus the corresponding period last year, is on 
the higher side and that's predominantly due to two factors. 
 The first being higher incidence of profit in tax-paying jurisdictions, and therefore you have 
a higher absolute value of tax. And the second is, last year we had created a deferred tax asset 
on the R&D tax credit that we get in our overseas facilities. This year, we actually had to 
take a disallowance for some of those R&D work and we are going to file an appeal for that. 
But pending that, that impact is there. So, you'll see a negative tax last year and a positive tax 
impact this year creating that delta. 
 But to answer your larger question, which is how are we thinking about in structure, let me 
just assure you that we don't pay tax higher than the tax rate applicable to the respective 
jurisdiction, which means tax in India is less than 25%, tax in the US i s less than 21%. The 
overall effective tax rate appears higher because some of the overseas facilities currently are 
not to scale, which means their PBT is lower, which is why the tax outflow divided by the 
PBT looks on the higher side. 
 As we have said that as our overseas operations scale up, EBITDA margins will improve and 
you will see a reduction in the tax. Our normalized tax rate should be in the range of 24% to 
25% when we are at scale. Currently, it will look inflated because of this anomaly. 
Vinod Jain: So, you can expect a sharp reduction in the coming quarters? 
Vivek Valsaraj: No, not a sharp reduction in the coming quarters. As we have guided, tax rate will remain 
elevated in this financial year, but as we scale up on revenues in the years ahead, you will 
see a reduction. 
Vinod Jain: Very well. Thank you. That's all from my side. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bharat Sheth with Quest Investment 
Managers Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: Hi. Congratulations, Piramal team and thanks for the opportunity. So, I have a question for 
Peter. Peter, when we are referring our annual report where we have stated that our 
differentiated offering within CDMO space has increased from say 32% to 42% to 47% in 
FY26. So, how with now several again capex that we are entering and which is likely to get 
===== PAGE 10 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
over in one year time. 
 So how do we see this differentiated offering really start contributing over next two, three -
year time frame in CDMO and hence, I mean, improvement in the EBITDA on the -- within 
the CDMO business? 
Peter DeYoung:  I'll try and tackle that in two parts. The first is, if you look over the last few years, our 
contribution from differentiated offerings has been increasing and we expect that and 
growing at a higher rate than our overall business, and we expect that trend to continue. That's 
because of, I guess, some obvious points, but we will restate it. 
 First is they're differentiated and therefore more attractive to our customers. And second, 
we're putting more of our investments behind the differentiated offerings than the non -
differentiated offerings. And so, our overall capacity is aligning towards di fferentiated 
offerings and customers want them because they're differentiated. So, we would expect over 
the forecast period in our LRP this percentage should go up. 
 If you ask the question about our EBITDA margins improving, I think we've discussed in the 
multiple calls over the past, there's —the single largest driver for our EBITDA margins to 
improve will be operating leverage and related to getting more of our facil ities at the target 
scale. And we've demonstrated that when our revenues go up, that our operating leverage 
pulls through and we see the EBITDA margins expand. 
 And we've also demonstrated that as we increase the scale of our overseas sites, that the 
EBITDA margins hit more towards the target levels.  And so, that will be the single largest 
driver for our overall margin expansion. But a second important driver would be a 
combination of differentiated offerings and also our on-patent portfolio, and those would be 
a mixed related element that would be ind ividually and together supporting the EBITDA 
margin expansion story on top of operating leverage. 
Bharat Sheth: Okay. Great. And second question on now with our NPS has improved to around 60% in 
CDMO and which was a much lower in earlier year. So, with—where do we target and with 
that NPS continuously improving and improving our deliverability to the various customers, 
so how much new customer we have been able to, I mean, onboard or within existing 
customer deepening and hence we expect, I mean, some utilization of, I mean, our 
international plant and then hence improving EBITDA margin? 
Peter DeYoung:  So, we have different approaches to trying to get the positive impression our customers have 
lead to new business. The first is we have the NPS, which is an indicator of customer delight.  
 And just to remind the background, it can go from -100 to +100, and a third-party benchmark 
demonstrated that the average CDMO has a negative net promoter score. So, I think the fact 
that we are in the 60 range is very favorable and so our targets are to m aintain that as we 
grow and maybe modestly improve it, and we lay out those goals each year. 
 The second point is in terms of ammunition we have. We see that with these positive net 
promoter scores, we can get referrals, references at each of our sites. And we find that that's 
===== PAGE 11 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
a very useful tool. Often when you're down to the, let's say, the last three choices in an RFP 
process, a customer will ask for referrals, and we look for the people who had given us an 9 
or a 10 and they're very often the same ones that'd be willing to give a reference. 
 And so, we see this as very good ammunition when we want to go after new business. And 
we have added a number of new logos, first -time clients this quarter, and we see that as a 
positive sign of our collective commercial efforts, of which the delighted cus tomer base is 
one of the inputs. 
Bharat Sheth: Okay. Great. And thanks for the -- one more question on see -- and it's a very hearty to that 
we have announced a large ESOP for our customer  -- employee who are a key pillar of the 
growth and education. So, with this kind of ESOP, can we -- what kind of roughly we assume 
in our financial model a cost within a P&L? 
Vivek Valsaraj: So, if you're referring to the ESOP cost, it's normally based on the accounting guidance in 
terms of how the ESOPs get valued using a Black -Scholes model that considers the impact 
of the ESOP across the three -year period over which the vesting happens, and  accordingly 
proportionate impact of that is taken in the P&L every year. 
Bharat Sheth: No, with this new ESOP what? 
Vivek Valsaraj: So, nothing changes from that. This is just a process of continuation of the ESOP policy that 
already existed. So, it's not like a new policy that's come in; we already had an ESOP policy 
in place. These are just with respect to the additional grants for the upcoming years. 
Bharat Sheth: Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
Vivek Valsaraj: Thank you. And all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala with ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question is with regards to your CDMO 
growth. So, you know, possible to break it down between, you know, how the innovator 
portfolio would have grown versus generics, and within the innovator, you know, how ADC 
would be a contributor for this particular quarter? 
Vivek Valsaraj: So, Abdul, I would say it's a more broad-based growth. So, it's across each of the sub-verticals 
within the CDMO. So, whether it is our North American assets or whether it's our Indian 
assets, it's been more broad-based. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Okay. And so, with our partnership with Ajinomoto, what are the kind of investments we're 
planning, you know, to put into this partnership? 
Peter DeYoung: The way this particular partnership works is that it's more about us sharing our ability to work 
together on the technology. And so, we already have examples where we're using their 
technology with clients. And so, it's about signaling to the market and pa rticularly our 
customers or prospective customers on both our side and their side that we know how to work 
===== PAGE 12 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
with each other to progress their technology in our facilities. 
 And so, it's really actually already capitalizing on work we had done with their technology 
for our clients that demonstrate that we can do it, and that for them that they can use their 
clients could use our facilities. And so, it's a positive signal that we know what we're doing 
with each other and that we are compatible. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Okay. And my next question is on the complex hospital generics business. So, you know, 
that business has grown fantastically well this quarter. And, you know, for the quarters ahead, 
I know we would have Canalog contribution coming from Q2. What on an organic basis do 
we see this kind of a revenue run rate flowing into the next few quarters as well? 
Peter DeYoung: So, we tried to address that, I think, in the first question in the queue, which was we reaffirm 
our original guidance for the year, and that does include both organic growth and Canalog -
related growth. However, I wouldn't necessarily assume the exact organic percentage that we 
had in Q1 would continue through the rest of the year. I would look back to the original 
growth we gave for the business overall. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Understood, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shyam Srinivasan with Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Just going back to your opening 
remarks, you mentioned higher capacity utilization and you also mentioned pricing discipline 
as some of the things that are driving growth. So, if you could illustrate say ho w our 
utilization levels have either moved Y-o-Y in in our key plants or if there's an average number 
for the network as a whole? And from a pricing discipline perspective, so what have we 
effected that's leading to better realizations? 
Nandini Piramal: I'd say that I think we don't disclose utilization on a plant-by-plant basis, but I would say that, 
you know, this quarter we, as Vivek said, we've seen broad -based growth and that includes 
increased revenues from our overseas sites. In terms of pricing di scipline, I think it's both a 
mixture of, especially in the consumer healthcare business, we have raised prices a little bit 
to combat input cost inflation, as well as even in the CDMO business, we are looking at 
different pricing measures and how to manage some of the rising input costs. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Helpful. Thank you. Just my second question on the capex update. So, how much was -- sorry 
if I missed the number  -- quarter, how much did we do? What's our rate -rated guidance for 
this year? I can see that we have completed the Riverview one, but what about Lexington? If 
you could just give us the update on the capex plans and the qualitative update as well. Thank 
you. 
Vivek Valsaraj: So, Shyam, we had guided for an annual capex of anywhere between USD120 million to 
USD135 million of capex. And currently we have spent about USD21 million. It's obviously 
capex also ramps up as we progress through the year. The Lexington capex is on track for 
getting completed by the end of calendar year 2027 and the spends on that as well have been 
===== PAGE 13 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
progressing as per plan. 
Nandini Piramal: This would be calendar year '27. End of year.  
Shyam Srinivasan: Got it. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Tushar Manudhane with Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: Thanks for the opportunity. So, this ADC facility now sort of commercialized, so what kind 
of revenue potential one can think and over what period of time? 
Peter DeYoung: This is the one at Riverview or at Grangemouth? 
Tushar Manudhane: Riverview. 
Peter DeYoung: Yes, the linker payload. Yes, it's a meaningful additional capacity at that site. I would say it's 
-- I would say it's in the single to low double digit revenue potential. It's immediately 
available for use and we're already having customers that are siding in it. So, we're seeing 
significant interest in it. 
 And just to recap why we're doing it is that we had already kind of sold out our existing 
capacity, and these are usually reasonably short lead time or comparatively shorter lead time 
projects that can go straight into that. And so, we expect that to be beneficial in this year and 
also next year. 
Tushar Manudhane: So, single to low double digit is the kind of potential for this site over a period of time, or 
this is the starting point and then…? 
Peter DeYoung: So, sorry, just to be clear, this is a single room in a large facility. The facility is primarily a 
high-potent API facility with large reactors. That's the primary purpose of the facility. This 
additional capacity was less than $5 million of investment that was to kit out a specific room 
with the linker payload technology needed to allow us to do further scale production. 
Tushar Manudhane: Understood. And just secondly on employee expenses has increased sharply for the quarter. 
How to think about it for the full year on absolute basis as well as a percentage of sales? 
Vivek Valsaraj: Yes. The correct measure of that would be to compare it versus the Q1 last year. Sequential 
quarter might create some distortions because normally there would be some reversal of 
provisions for the short -term and the long-term incentives. But if you look at from Q1 last 
year versus Q1 this year, you will notice that even after adjusting for forex, the increase is in 
very low single digits. 
Tushar Manudhane: Got it. And just secondly, other income has sort of increased sharply for the quarter, if you 
could…? 
Vivek Valsaraj: So, there are basically three components to our other income. One includes the amortization 
of government grant for the capex subsidies. The second is there could be some reversal of 
===== PAGE 14 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
prior period expenses. And the third would be related to forex. So, these are the three 
components which are there. In this quarter, the increase is driven by a reversal of some 
provisions no longer required. 
Tushar Manudhane: So, basically INR45 crore s to INR50 crore s is the run rate to think about rather than the 
number which we have achieved in Q1? 
Vivek Valsaraj: That number could significantly vary because of the forex. So, depending upon how the 
currency moves, you will see, you know, some forex -related gains appearing there. So, it's 
difficult to give a exact number as to what that quantum will be. 
Tushar Manudhane: Got it. And just lastly, with respect to exports, how much would have been the constant 
currency growth for us for the quarter? You can use CDMO and CHG separate. 
Vivek Valsaraj: Benefit of currency across all business at a very high level would roughly be about 9% to 
10%. 
Tushar Manudhane: On a year-on-year basis, right? 
Vivek Valsaraj: Yes. 
Tushar Manudhane: All right, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Alankar Garude with Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Sir, in the past , you have spoken about your integrated 
differentiated ADC offering. Currently, your ADC sales are more skewed towards 
conjugation. With the Riverview expansion done, say over the next three to five years, should 
we expect more traction in winning integrated ADC contracts? 
Peter DeYoung: Yes, we would expect with both the Riverview expansion, which is our newest -- one of our 
newest offerings in the integrated bundle, that we can then handle larger scale and more in 
line with our capacity in Grangemouth. And also, as important, the commercial expansion at 
Lexington will also further allow us to have larger scale ADC linkages. 
 And so, we would expect the growth to continue at Grangemouth for conjugation, but to be 
complemented by higher growth probably in the other two offerings to get the overall 
package more balanced. But we continue to expect the conjugation to be the anchor and the 
largest contributor to our offering, where we think we have the most differentiation. 
Alankar Garude: Got it. The second question is on the large contract that where we had seen destocking. You 
had spoken about excess stock in the system in the last quarter and you had also mentioned 
about getting orders once inventory in the system is consumed. Can you up date us on the 
current status of your discussions with the innovator and realistically can we expect any sales 
from next year, meaning FY '28? 
Peter DeYoung: We don't currently anticipate anything this fiscal year. I think we communicated that was the 
===== PAGE 15 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
expectation last quarter and we will  -- we are continually in touch with them because we 
serve them on other projects. And when their situation changes in a material manner, we 
would likely let you all know. 
Alankar Garude: Fair enough. And the final question from my side. You mentioned earlier in the call that a 
significant portion of the RFPs are being directed towards overseas facilities. Apart from the 
fact that you have capacities available overseas with very low utilizations and you have some 
differentiated capabilities as well in those facilities, are you seeing a clear preference by Big 
Pharma towards near-shoring? 
Peter DeYoung: Not really. What I would say is that we are seeing  -- I would -- I want to actually pick four 
reasons why we think that we're optimistic about demand. I'd say the first reason is that was 
covered is that our overall operational performance has improved. That's resulting in 
customers being delighted. We covered that with  the net promoter score, so that's showing 
up in us having more references and positive sentiment in the market for what we have to 
offer. 
 The second one is that , we've substantially increased the size of our BD team, so we have 
more feet on the street talking with customers, drumming up proposals. And the third is that 
we have made further progress in our commercial transformation, which is how we go to 
market, reorganizing our teams and approach to be aligned with customer types and how we 
communicate with them. 
 And then the fourth one, I think, is external, which is more of our potential and current 
customers have money and need to spend it to progress the pipeline to meet their promises 
to their investors. That's generating a broad -based increase in RFP flow acr oss our network 
that is not limited to the US or near-shoring. 
 That being said, we have a particular spike in interest in our near-shore offerings that is above 
and beyond that exciting, but I wanted to re-emphasize that all the prior points are affecting 
our network broadly and we're seeing an increase in proposal inflow across nearly all of our 
sites. 
Alankar Garude: That's helpful. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Karan Gupta with ACMIIL. Please go 
ahead. 
Karan Gupta: Yes, hi. So, my question on the CDMO side, how many active molecules pipeline we have? 
Last quarter you said 155 molecules and 25 is in the third phase, which is something 
commercial stage, right? So, how many molecules now in the commercial stage and what is 
the potential revenue of those? 
Peter DeYoung:  It's a fair question. I think historically we've updated those statistics annual ly. We are 
evaluating from time -to-time how frequently to share those with you all and we are 
evaluating whether we would do an interim update throughout the fiscal year, but at the 
moment that's been an annually updated set of figures because we find that you can have too 
===== PAGE 16 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
many anomalies in a quarterly level, but we are and we will continue to re-evaluate whether 
we want to change the periodicity of sharing that, but right now it's an annual update. 
Karan Gupta:  Yes, I mean, you can share also maybe six-monthly, but what the potential revenue that you 
are looking for those 25 molecules? 
Peter DeYoung:  We don't historically, again, share individual or aggregate forecasts for groups of programs. 
I would just indicate that the later-stage programs typically are larger than the early -stage 
programs because of the definition of them being at that stage. 
 And so, the reason why we highlight that late -stage pipeline is that it's the, 50% chance on 
average it could make it to commercial and they typically would have the potential to be 
larger recurring revenue streams. So, we would ask you to assume that most  of the 25, if 
successful clinically and with their registration, would be meaningful contributors to our 
future growth and that's why we've highlighted them. 
Karan Gupta:  Okay. Okay. One question on the margin side, just wanted to understand the margin trajectory 
going forward for the next two to three years. As we have set up the capacity in U.S. so, now 
how much the manufacturing capacity in percentage terms we have in India and in the US? 
 And as the scale of US capacity, considering the labour cost and all the cost associated with 
those facilities, going forward for the CDMO specifically, how the margins trajectory will 
change and any ballpark figure for the same? And for the same thing, you can also share 
details on consumer healthcare and PCH business. 
Vivek Valsaraj: So, Karan, we had in our five-year strategy indicated what the margin profile for each of the 
business we are targeting. For all the three businesses, the intent is to move on similar lines. 
Currently, the overall capacity utilization at our India assets are relatively higher versus the 
overseas assets where we have newly created capacity, so their utilization levels are lower. 
 The overall margin obviously depends upon the level at which capacity utilization happens. 
So, if you look at our North America or our European asset, as the capacity utilization ramp 
up, the margin will increase. 
 At the company level, we had said that we are targeting E BITDA margins of 25% by FY30 
and likewise for the CDMO business also we have said margins to move up in a similar range 
by FY30 and that's what we are targeting over the next five years. All of these details you 
can find in our strategy deck as well which is available on the website. 
Karan Gupta:  Okay. No, so I mean, which is particular business will contribute more in terms of margin 
expansion? So, I can understand that the other two businesses, I think, more stable in terms 
of margins, where the generics part and your PCH business, but your CDMO business I'm a 
bit concerned about how the margin trajectory will change for the CDMO business, right?  
 So, as you said you have a couple of molecules in the commercial stage, right? So, what's the 
potential basically the revenue side of those molecules or the consistency of getting those  
molecules in the commercial stage? So, that is something that I want to understand. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Vivek Valsaraj: So, Karan, CDMO is 60% of what we do, right? And also, the largest potential for margin 
expansion is in the CDMO business. So, this drive of margin from where we are today to go 
up to 25% will largely be driven by the CDMO business and more specifically driven because 
utilization at our overseas facilities is expected to improve, which will help drive this. 
 And at the same time, as you rightly mentioned, the pipeline of products with more innovator 
products with that kind of a differentiated mix becoming an increasing part of our business, 
that will drive the overall margin expansion. 
 As you rightly mentioned, complex hospital generics margins are stable and will remain 
stable, and for consumer products also we are expecting margin expansion to happen over 
the next few years. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Mr. Karan, I would request you to please come back in the queue for further 
questions. Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Parikshit Gupta with Fair 
Value Capital. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Gupta:  Thank you very much for the opportunity. And I joined the call a little late, so I'm sorry if 
I'm asking a repeat question. So, first on the CHG business, I wanted to check you were 
moving into newer geographies, the rest of the world part of the landscape . Has there been 
any updates on that? 
Peter DeYoung:  So, I think we shared in the opening remarks that the much of the growth in this quarter over 
the prior year was our X -US growth for our base business. And so, we think that that's a 
positive signal that some of the actions we began to take at the back end  of last year were 
showing some fruit. And so, that is and will remain an important part of our growth this year 
in addition to Canalog, and we expect this is a positive signal for the remainder of the year. 
Parikshit Gupta:  So, just a quick follow -up on this. So, the contracts that you mentioned in two quarters ago 
that you were negotiating and entering geographies which had relatively less stringent 
regulations, so are these the growth that has come, is this from the same co ntracts that you 
were mentioning then? 
Peter DeYoung: So, it's maybe less binary than what you're describing. We sell in 100 countries and in many 
of those countries we have some existing business, but we were not at our target market share 
percentages. And so, when we look at the growth this year over last year, we've had some 
market share gains in some of those countries where we historically maybe didn't have quite 
the same share that we have in this period. 
 And so, we're hopeful that we can continue to get some wins like this going forward based 
on other discussions we're having. And so, it's -- when you have that large of a ROW market 
landscape, we continue to play across the field and see where we can get wins. 
Parikshit Gupta: Okay. This is helpful. My second question, in terms of Sevoflurane, I wanted to check for 
the US directed batches, is it completely manufactured from the -- from scratch in the US or 
some part of it is pre-manufactured say, for example, in the Digwal facility in India? I'm only 
asking this question because of the recent announcement of a potential two-year 0% tariff on 
===== PAGE 18 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
India and then maybe a 100% on the generics portfolio. I know it's still in the works, but I 
just wanted to check any risks that we had over here. 
Peter DeYoung: We think that we're reasonably well-positioned with that particular product to meet the wide 
range of possible outcomes with the US perspective on this. So, at the moment, we are 
making the API and the drug product for Sevoflurane in Bethlehem, Pennsylvani a. We do 
have inputs that are provided to that from India and for supply chain resilience we had -- we 
could either send an input from Dahej straight to Bethlehem or we could do some 
intermediate processing at Digwal and then send it on to Bethlehem, but i n both cases the 
API is made and the final stages are made in the US. 
Parikshit Gupta: Understood. On the tie-up with New Amsterdam for the cholesterol metabolism drug, is there 
any update on that, please? 
Peter DeYoung:  Yes, that was asked by one of the other participants before you joined and we repeated what 
we may have shared on prior calls, which is that we encourage you to look for publicly traded 
clients that we've announced or that they've chosen to say they're workin g with us. We 
encourage you to look at the analyst reports that are published on them because those analysts 
would be very well-informed as to the timing of each of those different companies and that 
one being an example. 
Parikshit Gupta: Understood. On the CDMO business, you've mentioned that going forward a product mix 
and better utilization strategy would help uplift margins. I just wanted to check in terms of 
ADCs, what kind of percentage share are we at at the present moment and given our FY '30 
guidance, what would be the percentage share that we have baked in in our assumptions? 
Peter DeYoung:  I would say that we have a small percentage share of a very large and rapidly growing market. 
And so, in order to achieve our long -range plan, we would not need to have any crazy or 
aggressive assumptions around market share gains. I think we are hoping to  participate in 
what is a large and growing market with what we think is a differentiated offering, 
particularly for clients who are open to and interested in a non-China oriented supply chain. 
 So, we don't need to achieve our LRP ambitions, which we are excited about, we don't need 
to have any heroics around massive market share gains. And we're not currently at a very 
high percentage in the market share also, so we think there's a lot of headroom. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Mr. Parikshit, I would request you to please come back in the queue for 
further questions. The next question comes from the line of Devang Shah with ANT 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Devang Shah: Yes, hi. First of all, congratulations for some good set of numbers. There are only two 
questions regarding -- my concerns are regarding the overseas subsidiaries. I think so there 
are 11 overseas subsidiaries and the loss we accumulated over that was around INR146 crores 
or something like that, right? What are the utilization rates running today or do they need 
some percentage of utilization rate to come to the break-even? 
Nandini Piramal: Yes, I think we are expecting that the increased utilization will help us to get scale and get 
===== PAGE 19 =====
 Piramal Pharma Limited 
  July 30, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
operating leverage, which will help us to break even. I think this quarter you will have seen 
that increase -- we'll see an increase in revenue in the overseas subsidiaries, which has helped 
improve our EBITDA margin. 
Devang Shah: And the next question -- like the last question is, we paid a tax on a pre-tax loss. How much 
accumulated overseas tax loss is currently unrecognized on the balance sheet? 
Vivek Valsaraj: So, we do have a -- if you look at our overseas subsidiaries' financials which are available in 
public domain, we do have significant carry -forward tax losses which are available across 
our North American, UK, and European facilities. Some of which we have  recognized 
deferred tax assets over a period of time. For the ones which are yet to move to PBT positive, 
we are yet to recognize and those figures are available on the balance sheet. 
Devang Shah: No, so that -- like by '27, FY '28, can we expect that that would nullify it out or it's going to 
get extended till FY '29 and '30 also? 
Vivek Valsaraj: It will be a gradual shift depending upon the jurisdiction we are talking about. It won't be 
upfront at one go across all the locations. Different sites are at different level of utilization 
and profitability as we speak. As and when we see demonstrable pr ofit, sustainable profit 
that happens, we will start utilizing those. It is more rapid towards utilization in our North 
America versus our European asset at this stage. 
Devang Shah: That's fine. That's all from my side. 
Moderator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Gagan for closing comments. 
Gagan Borana: Thank you very much. We appreciate you taking time out to join us for today's call. We hope 
that we were able to answer most of your questions. In case you have any follow-up questions 
or need any clarification, please feel free to reach out to us. Thank you and have a good day. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Piramal Pharma Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 