
[page 1]
Date: August 19, 2026
Ref. No.: KDL/SE/034/2026-27


 To,                                               To,
 BSE Limited                                      National Stock Exchange of India Limited
 Corporate Relationship Department             Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G,
 25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers          Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)
 Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001               Mumbai – 400051
 Scrip Code: 543328                        NSE Symbol: KRSNAA


Dear Sir/Madam,


Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 for Transcript of Earnings Call for quarter ended June 30, 2026.

Pursuant to the Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call held with the analysts and
investors on Friday, August 14, 2026 at 13:00 Hrs. (IST) to discuss the Unaudited (Standalone and
Consolidated) Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2026.


The above  information  will  also be made  available on  the  website  of  the Company  at
https://krsnaadiagnostics.com/investors.

Request you to take the same on your records.

Thanking you,
Yours sincerely,

For Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
Sujoy     Digitallyby Sujoy signed
Sudipt  SudiptaDate:   Bose
a Bose   2026.08.1916:20:53 +05'30'

Sujoy Sudipta Bose
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Encl: as above
[page 2]
  “Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited

Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call”

       August 14, 2026





   MANAGEMENT: MR. YASH MUTHA – MANAGING
    DIRECTOR – KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED
   MR. MITESH DAVE – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE
    OFFICER – KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS LIMITED
   MR. CHANDRA PRAKASH – INTERIM CHIEF
    FINANCIAL OFFICER – KRSNAA DIAGNOSTICS
    LIMITED





                     Page 1 of 18
[page 3]
                                                                     Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                                                   August 14, 2026





Moderator:             Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited Q1

                   FY27 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all

                            participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for

                      you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance

                         during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your

                         touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.


                                 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yash Mutha from Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited.

                     Thank you, and over to you, sir.


Yash Mutha:          Thank you, Sumit. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As we

                        begin the FY27, I want to start with the larger vision behind what we are building at

                       Krsnaa Diagnostics. We've always believed that diagnostics is an essential part of

                             India's health care infrastructure.


                     Our ambition is simple: to make quality diagnostics accessible to every Indian,

                            irrespective of where they live or their ability to pay. The purpose has taken us to parts

                          of India where building and operating health care infrastructure is not always easy.

                       Think about what happens in Rajasthan today. A patient gives a sample in a remote

                            location. The sample may travel significant distances across the state before reaching

                        our laboratories, where it is processed, validated and reported back to the patient.


                       Behind that one report is the infrastructure network, logistics, technology, clinical

                           expertise and execution working together. If serving these markets were easy, health

                          care access in many parts of India would have already been solved. Someone has to go

                             there. Someone has to build the laboratory network or the imaging network.


                    Someone has to establish the collection centers. Someone has to create the logistics

                       network and connect the technology and the clinical expertise. Krsnaa has chosen to

                       be that someone. And what excites me today is that purpose is increasingly translating

                            into business performance.


                     Our revenue grew approximately 22% year-on-year in Q1. More importantly, our like-

                             to-like projects grew approximately 12%. That number matters to me. It demonstrates

                             that  Krsnaa's growth  is  not dependent  only upon winning  the  next  project.

                            Infrastructure that we have already established continues to serve more patients and

                          generate more businesses.


                  On the same lines, I'm also pleased to share that Krsnaa has recently been awarded the

                      Himachal Pradesh CT project for 34 CT scans across the entire  state. This  is

                                  Page 2 of 18
[page 4]
                                               Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                            August 14, 2026

particularly significant for us because Himachal Pradesh is where Krsnaa began its

PPP journey almost 12 years ago with just 12 centers.


Our performance and service quality over the years have earned us this opportunity to

expand our footprint from 12 to 34 centers. And predominantly, most of this project is

going to be a cash paying project. This is a strong validation of something we have

consistently communicated.


Execution excellence and quality of service create the foundation for repeat business

and long-term partnerships. With this award, we are further strengthening our revenue

visibility in the state for the next 10 years and giving Krsnaa the opportunity to serve

the people of Himachal Pradesh for almost 25 years in total. There is also a third

dimension emerging. Our retail business grew approximately 64% year-on-year.


Our retail network has expanded to more than 4,000-plus touch points, and we are

seeing increasing contributions from home collection, wellness camps, digital channels

and our partner networks. For many years, Krsnaa's strength has been its institutional

business.


We are now building a second engine alongside it, the consumer-facing cash paying

business. One gives us scale and reach. The other gives us diversification and a direct

relationship with the consumers. And increasingly, innovation will connect both. We

are also looking beyond the conventional diagnostics packages and asking a different

question, how can diagnostics become a part of the consumers' broader health. I am

particularly excited about what comes next.


Very shortly, we will be launching what we believe is the first-of-a-kind proposition

in India, bringing together preventive diagnostics and financial protection in a single

offering. We believe this can create an entirely new dimension of how consumers

engage with Krsnaa and with preventive health care.


We are also expanding the use of  artificial intelligence and technology across

consumer engagement, X-ray reporting and business analytics. So when I look at

Krsnaa today, I see something very different from the company we were a few years

ago. I see an existing health care infrastructure that is growing organically.


I see new projects adding another layer of growth, and I also see consumer business

emerging as a second engine, and I see technology and innovation creating new

possibilities on top of this network. As regards our margins, as mentioned in the

previous quarters, due to the project implementations, they also carry their full fixed

cost base from the very first day in laboratory equipment, the manpower and the

logistics, while still operating below mature utilization levels, and therefore, you see


               Page 3 of 18
[page 5]
                                                                     Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                                                   August 14, 2026

                        compression in the margins. However, if we set these projects aside, our like-to-like

                          business delivered stable and consistent margins broadly in line with the previous

                            quarters.


                     So the moderation you see is largely a function of the infrastructure that we have

                           recently built and now are in the process of fulfilling it rather than any pricing or

                             structural pressure in the core business. A related point on capital, ours  is an

                            infrastructure-led model and by nature, the capital expenditure is front-ended.


                We build the laboratory or the diagnostics network, install the equipment and put the

                      team in place before the volumes arrive. That front ending creates a drag on the margins

                            in the initial quarters, which is essentially what you are seeing in the quarter's numbers.


                    As these projects ramp up and utilization improves, that drag evens out and the

                         incremental revenues begin to flow into an asset base that is already in place. That is

                           the rhythm of our business rather than a departure from it. And it is worth reading our

                        margins across a few quarters rather than any single one. Our group CEO and CFO

                            will take you through the business and financial performance in detail. But I wanted to

                          leave all of you with one thought.


                       Every diagnostic test ultimately has an economic consequences beyond Krsnaa. When

                     somebody is diagnosed at the right time, gets treated and returns to his family, his work

                       and that productivity returns to the economy. So this is the impact that Krsnaa carries

                          on, on a larger aspect. And this is where I believe our purpose and our business models

                    come together.


                     The more people our infrastructure reaches, the more patients we serve, the more our

                           existing infrastructure is utilized, the stronger the economics can become. And as retail

                        technology and new services grow, that infrastructure and the opportunity becomes

                             larger.


                     So for us, building a healthier India and building a stronger Krsnaa are not 2 different

                            objectives. And our responsibility now is to translate this platform into a sustainable

                       growth and long-term value for our shareholders.


                      With this, I will now hand over to Mitesh. Over to you Mitesh.


Mitesh Dave:          Thank you, Mr. Yash, and a very warm afternoon to all of you. Quarter 1 FY27 has

                       been  a  quarter  of  execution,  transformation and  importantly,  transition from

                            infrastructure creation to revenue generation operations. Over the last several quarters,

                   we have invested significantly in building foundations for our next phase of growth.




                                  Page 4 of 18
[page 6]
                                               Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                            August 14, 2026

This quarter, we are beginning to see those investments translate into the live capacity,

stronger market presence and a broader platform for sustainable growth. Let me brief

and apprise everyone on the key operational developments in Rajasthan projects to

begin with. As Mr. Yash highlighted, Rajasthan has now moved decisively from

implementation phase into the go-live and operational phase. Our Mother laboratory,

hub laboratory and collection center network is now substantially operationalized

across the state.


As of end of quarter 1 FY27, Rajasthan had 31 Mother labs, 62 hub labs and 1,228

collection centers are being operational and this significant milestone considering the

sustainable future growth.


More importantly, this network gives us the scale and infrastructure to progressively

drive volumes, improve utilization and unlock the operating leverage embedded in the

model. And what lies core to everything is non-negotiated quality standards. Along

with such large scale-ups, we remain extremely focused on maintaining high-quality

standards across and ever.


In radiology, we continue to make strong presence and progress against the pipeline

order of 17 MRI centers, 8 MRI centers in Maharashtra have been inaugurated and

made operationalized during the quarter. Work on balance centers is in progress, and

these are expected to go live by end of quarter 3.


With each new center, we are strengthening not just our geographical footprints, but

also our ability to offer comprehensive diagnostic services under one integrated

platform. Further to add, in Q1, we added 12 new NABH Accreditations, taking our

overall accreditation counts, including NABL, CAP and ACR to 124. And it further

double takes our commitment to society and scale cannot come at the cost of quality.


We are building a network where  quality,  standardization,  clinical excellence,

technology and accessibility grow together. Talking of our retail business, that also

continued its strong growth trajectory. Our network touch points have now expanded

to more than 4,000 across 7 states.


We continue to build this business through the differentiated combination of asset-light

franchisee models, Krsnaa Business Associates (KBAs), Krsnaa Referral Centers,

KRCs, strategic alliances and our existing PPP infrastructure.


One of our key competitive advantage is that we are not building retail in isolation. We

are leveraging an ecosystem that already includes labs, pathologists, radiologists,

technology, logistics and technicians. This allows us to serve customers efficiently

while keeping our customer acquisition costs structurally lower than those of pure-play


               Page 5 of 18
[page 7]
                                               Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                            August 14, 2026

retail competitors. And as this network compounds, we believe the benefit of scale will

increase exponentially and visible.


This is our initial market research and evaluating findings to cast out the model that

serve not just the existing ecosystem, but even large working that exist across India.

Our proposition remains differentiated as we bring together quality, accessibility,

assurance and affordability through 360-degree diagnostic platform supported by 24/7,

365 days service window.


This is particularly relevant in India where access to high-quality and affordable

diagnostic remains a significant unmet need and having high demand. Our ambition is

not merely to participate in this market, but is to help and redefine how diagnostic

services are delivered across India at a scale with consistency and with trust.


We are also deepening our specialty and wellness offering. Our uniquely designed

packages combining pathology and radiology across both wellness and illness are

generating encouraging results. I'm particularly pleased to share that our specialized

test portfolio has also evolved as customized and specialty-driven health care packages

covering areas such as oncology, cardiac care, obesity, metabolic health, gastro-related

wellness testing as well as routine and basic health care.


We are also preparing to launch a new set of innovative packages in the coming

months, and we believe these offerings have the potential to resonate strongly across

both ends of our customer base from our PPP beneficiaries, including senior citizens

and Ayushman Bharat beneficiaries to our growing retail and Gen Z audience.


This is an important part of our strategy to make diagnostics more relevant, more

accessible and more closely aligned with the evolving health care needs of India. Our

strategic partnerships have also begun to deliver meaningful results. To that, I'm happy

to share that Apulki Hospital, Pune, has commenced operations.


Under this partnership, Krsnaa has exclusive diagnostic rights for both radiology and

pathology, including super specialty segments such as oncology, cardiology, alongside

from basic routine diagnostic services to genetics.


More importantly, this relationship provides us a platform to strengthen our presence

across Apulki hospitals over the next 30-plus years. This is exactly the type of

partnership we  value, long  duration, high  visibility revenue  opportunities  that

complement our core PPP business and create sustainable value over long term. The

infrastructure has been built, the network is scaling and now we are entering the phase

where we are expected to invest investments to increasingly translate into the operating

leverages and financial performance.


               Page 6 of 18
[page 8]
                                                                     Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                                                   August 14, 2026

                We remain confident  in our underlying  strengths of our business model and

                           opportunities ahead. Our focus for coming quarters will be on execution, utilization,

                             profitability and sustainable growth. We believe and now well established that the

                         platform we have created gives us a strong foundation to participate meaningfully in

                             India's rapidly evolving diagnostics and health care opportunities.


                We are building for scale, but we are equally focused on building for quality,

                             profitability and longevity. With that, I'll hand it over to our Interim CFO, Mr. Chandra

                         Prakash, to take you all through the financial highlights of the quarter. Thank you,

                         Mitesh.


Chandra Singh:        Thank you, Mr. Mitesh.  It  is my privilege to walk you through our financial

                        performance for the quarter. If I talk about revenue from operations for Q1 FY27, it

                         stood at INR2,355 million against Q1 FY26 revenue of INR1,930 million, representing

                        a year-on-year growth of 22%.


                  EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR588 million with an EBITDA margin of 25%

                           against 27% in Q1 FY26. As guided in our previous call, this quarter did carry an

                        element of upfront cost, largely around 4,000 manpower onboarded in Rajasthan

                             logistics across collection center ahead of full revenue realization from the project.


                        This cost has largely been absorbed within the quarter, and we expect the impact to

                        normalize further as Rajasthan revenue scales through the rest of the year. PAT for the

                           quarter stood at INR166 million, translating to a margin of 7%.


                  When I talk about retail business, I am pleased to inform that in continuation with our

                         focus on retail, our retail revenue for the Q1 FY27 stood at INR193 million against

                        revenue of INR118 million in quarter 1 FY'26, growing at impressive year-on-year

                       growth rate of 64% and contributed approximately 9% of overall group revenue.


                      With the road map ahead and leveraging the various levers as highlighted by Mr.

                         Mitesh, we are confident of becoming EBITDA positive by Q2. With this, I would like

                            to conclude the CFO opening remarks. We are deeply grateful for your continued

                         confidence in Krsnaa journey. I would like to now invite the moderator to open the

                            floor for questions. Thank you.


Moderator:           Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first

                          question is from the line of Raman from Sequent Investments.


Raman:                      I just have 2 questions. First of all, one of the question is pertaining to the increase in

                           fee to hospitals during the quarter. There is INR41 crores expense under fee to hospital

                         during the quarter, which has significantly shot up on sequential quarter as well as

                         year-on-year basis. Yes. So the increase is -- can you just provide an explanation why...

                                  Page 7 of 18
[page 9]
                                                                     Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                                                   August 14, 2026

Yash Mutha:          So actually, the -- whilst the accounting nomenclature is fees to hospital, this is also -

                                 - the actual increase is on account of Rajasthan project. So for a project like Rajasthan

                          or even other PPP projects, we have certain partners that we work in these remote

                            locations. And there's a certain revenue share amount that goes to these partners.


                     So what you see as an expense is because of like the manpower and certain of the

                          operations that they handle and that expense goes in that line. So the increase is

                        probably because of Rajasthan and projects like Manipur and where we have these

                           partners providing us different kind of services.


Raman:             And can you quantify how much of the revenue has been booked with respect to

                         Rajasthan PPP during this quarter? And going forward for the entire year, how much

                      do we expect will be coming from Rajasthan PPP.


Yash Mutha:            Rajasthan revenue, I think we have reported around INR26 crores. And from an

                         annualized basis, I think even if you just multiply this by 4, what number we are

                         expecting is about INR100 crores to INR150 crores of Rajasthan for the full year.


Raman:               Okay. So you are expecting this INR26 crores to come for every quarter going

                        forward?


Yash Mutha:         And it will grow. I mean since this is the first quarter of implementation as the labs

                       and other centers go live, the revenue will, of course, double up in the coming quarters.

                   And this is how we expect the business to grow up.


Raman:                 Understood. Sir, I think in the earlier call, you mentioned that you plan to do around

                    INR200 crores to INR250 crores from Rajasthan PPP in FY27. So I just want to

                          understand,  is there any particular  --  is  this guidance intact because you have

                       mentioned that we will be doing only INR150 crores.


Yash Mutha:           No, as I said, from a guidance perspective, we'll prefer to be on a conservative basis.

                    As an aspiration, of course, we want to achieve the numbers that we stated earlier. But

                                   if I have to give a guidance, this is something that we have a clear visibility in terms

                          of the revenues that I quoted earlier.


Raman:                 Understood, sir. And...


Mitesh Dave:           Mitesh this side, further to add, like we are hoping to get our revenues doubling up in

                           the coming quarter for the Rajasthan I'm talking about. And on a steady state, when we

                           are looking at it, it would be somewhere closer to 150, 175. And further basis the

                       ramping up, the overall numbers that we have suggested or the previously stated still

                            stand.



                                  Page 8 of 18
[page 10]
                                                                     Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                                                   August 14, 2026

Raman:                 Understood, sir. My second question is on the fundraise part. I think promoters has

                          infused funds via warrants. Can you quantify what was the fundraise for?


Yash Mutha:           Could you just repeat the question, please?


Raman:              So I think the promoter has infused funds via warrant issue. So can you specify why

                           there was a fundraise why there was a promoter infusion.


Yash Mutha:           Yes. it's the warrants was proposed as contribution from the promoter. Two reasons.

                    One is, of course, the funds will be utilized for certain capital expenditure for projects

                       and certain acquisitions that we have in mind, and that was the reason why the funds

                       have been raised.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Surya Narayan Patra from PhillipCapital India.


Surya Narayan Patra:   Sorry. Am I audible?


Moderator:             Yes, Mr. Surya, you're audible.


Surya Narayan Patra:  My first question is on the radiology revenue share possibly that since we have

                       implemented new centers now for this quarter, what could be the kind of revenue share

                             that we should be seeing? Can you just let me know that would be the first question.


Mitesh Dave:           Okay. Mitesh this side. Yes, as we have added new centers in the radiology as an MRI

                       and certain more are into the pipeline. However, revenue contribution considering

                         radiology and pathology more or less would be in the same line as pathology project

                            for the Rajasthan, which is a huge one, is also getting ramped up.


                   And parallelly, the MRI, which is getting operationalized is also going to ramp up. So

                            for now, we don't see much of a variation coming into the radio versus patho. However,

                            in the coming quarter, we're going to have an detailed understanding how the overall

                          operations are shaping up.


Surya Narayan Patra:   Okay. So then if I just take the earlier quarters' understanding, sir, let's say, around

                  48% to 50% kind of range for the radiology, then we are seeing a kind of a really strong

                       growth for the radiology business, which is higher than the kind of overall growth that

                   we would have reported. So then should we anticipate kind of a stronger growth for

                           the entire of the year led by radiology, which is generally believed to be a high-margin

                         business?


Yash Mutha:           Yes. So Mr. Surya, our focus is on driving both radiology and pathology together. In

                        terms of the overall contribution, whilst currently, the numbers would be 45%, 55%. I

                          think the way at which Rajasthan would eventually ramp up, if it takes a faster pace,

                           the balance might tend to go towards pathology.

                                  Page 9 of 18
[page 11]
                                                                     Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                                                   August 14, 2026

                      But both the engines, both radiology also we are focusing. And now with MRIs getting

                           operationalized, we also see the MRI business is ramping up and therefore, the

                           contribution also will come from the MRI business.


Surya Narayan Patra:   Sure, sir. Sir, my second question is about RPL. Congratulations for the kind of a strong

                          progress that you are witnessing in the initial quarter itself. So that is really appreciable.

                      But simultaneously, I just wanted to check whether the RPL is still -- it is in red at the

                  EBITDA level because there is a kind of a drag or there is a kind of a decline only that

                   we have witnessed.


                    As you have in the initial remarks alluded that this is -- could be because largely

                        because of the Rajasthan. But my question is that, okay, RPL is negative at the

                  EBITDA level or it is already been broken even and contributing to the bottom line.


Yash Mutha:          So RPL,  it's currently in the quarter 1,  it's at negative EBITDA level for reasons

                        because we have deployed manpower. If you see on the retail side, considering our

                          operations in the 5 states, we have to deploy the ground fleet and that is some of the

                             costs. And like I think it was mentioned by Mitesh as well, by Q2, we expect RPL to

                           also be EBITDA positive. And from there on, it will continue it's upward journey.


Mitesh Dave:           Yes. So thanks, Surya, for acknowledging the effort that we are putting up towards the

                     RPL, number one. Secondly, just to add, while yes, there is a drag, but drag has come

                    down substantially considering the previous few quarters, and it is at a nominal level

                          considering this quarter as in quarter 1. And as Mr. Yash has just mentioned, by quarter

                             2, we are looking to be breakeven positive for the entire RPL.


Surya Narayan Patra:   Sure, sir. Congratulations for that. And so then, sir, is it possible to give a sense that

                        while we would be seeing relatively lower margin profile for this quarter compared to

                           the kind of the trend that you would have set for our business so far. Here put together

                           led by Rajasthan and led by RPL, what could be the absolute number drag that we

                      would be seeing and which can be covered up in the subsequent period? Can you share

                             that number, sir?


Yash Mutha:            Surya, you're asking from an overall for the Krsnaa Diagnostics company as a whole?

                     The margins we expect to improve from quarter-on-quarter, like Mitesh also alluded

                               earlier, with Rajasthan revenue doubling up in this quarter 2 as we expect as well as

                  RPL getting positive. So overall, the drag will be lesser in the coming quarters, and we

                          see an uptick in the margins going forward as well.


Surya Narayan Patra:  One point on the CGHS, sir. See, I think...


Moderator:             Sorry to interrupt, please join the queue for the follow-up questions. The next question

                                 is from the line of Lokesh from Vallum Capital.

                                 Page 10 of 18
[page 12]
                                                                     Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                                                   August 14, 2026

Lokesh:                Yash, my question was on just a clarification, radio and pathology 45, 55 this quarter?


Yash Mutha:                  It's 41, 59, sorry.


Lokesh:                  41, 59. So, Yash, if you see radio has been flat revenue wise even after the expansion

                      2 years back from 148 centers to 180 centers, that expansion has not contributed much

                            to the top line of radiology if I go by the revenue mix. What is the problem that you

                           are facing?


Yash Mutha:          What you're saying is there is a slight difference in your understanding. The reason is

                           the Rajasthan contribution in this quarter has been significantly higher compared to

                         radiology because the MRI projects have been operationalized over the, let's say, the

                               last 3 months in a staggered manner.


                     So we've not seen the full utilization or full revenue contribution from the MRI

                            projects. And as these projects get up and coming, you will see a contribution. There

                     was also the overall, if you see some of the radiology projects that we lost in the last

                            quarter, they completed their tenure. So that also impact is there. But directionally,

                         radiology is also improving quarter-on-quarter and pathology, just pathology being a

                            larger project, its contribution, the revenue has been higher and that will continue in

                           the coming quarters.


                      But as I said, we are aspiration to have both radiology growth in terms of the

                           contribution increasing in the coming quarters as these projects get mature and they

                           get operationalized.


Lokesh:              So then is there a change in the mix of your centers where you've added and you've

                              lost some and you've added new. So the matured ones were contributing and now the

                   new ones have come in, so you're kind of flat. Is that the understanding correct?


Yash Mutha:          So from a center count perspective, it's not material. - it's not a material project that

                        we've won. The projects are still there. We still have the same number of, if you see

                       even in the network of radiology centers that we have, they continue. We've added

                     more centers and that revenue ramp-up is still underway. The earlier or the existing

                           centers that are there, they are also growing on a like-like, like I mentioned, they have

                     grown almost 12%, and that we expect to continue to grow in the coming quarters.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Aditya Chheda from InCred Asset Management.


Pooja Sanghvi:          This is Pooja Sanghvi. So basically, I wanted to understand the drivers of volume

                       growth versus value growth for this quarter.


Yash Mutha:           Yes, Pooja?


                                 Page 11 of 18
[page 13]
                                                                     Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                                                   August 14, 2026

Mitesh Dave:           Mitesh this side. Volume growth is mainly on account of the expansion that has been

                           carried out, considering in pathology, mainly Rajasthan, in radiology, the new MRI

                            centers, which has been added. Parallelly, in the like-to-like also, it has witnessed a

                          strong growth.


                        That is based on multiple activations, activities and efficiency that we have brought in.

                       Value growth is mainly on account of the new footfalls, which has added and the repeat

                          cycles followed by the -- or backed by the and overall retail, which has added the

                           overall value growth too.


Pooja Sanghvi:            Sir, I have one more question. So can you clarify why the fees to the hospital has

                      jumped to the INR40 crores run rate now?


Yash Mutha:           Yes. As I explained earlier, the fees to hospital is nothing but an expense which as

                       Krsnaa Diagnostics, we also partner with certain local partners who have expertise in

                            certain operations, especially considering a large statewide deployment. So there's a

                            certain operations that they undertake. And therefore, there's an expense or revenue

                          sharing that happens to these partners and that expense is sitting in the fees to hospital.


                     So while the nomenclature might not be appropriate, but  it's essentially for the

                         Rajasthan project, when the project got launched up, some of the activities are

                        undertaken by these partners and therefore, there's a certain revenue share that goes to

                          these partners who work alongside with us in the statewide deployment.


Pooja Sanghvi:            Sir, lastly on the status on receivables of Himachal and Karnataka.


Yash Mutha:           Yes. So on Karnataka, we have received -- the money has started flowing in. There's

                           also approval that we sighted where the state government has approved certain funds

                       and money has started flowing in. Karnataka, it's still not to the expectation that we

                         have. But again, we've received assurances from both the ministries on both these

                        governments, and we are following up in terms of getting the monies.


Moderator:             Pooja rejoin the queue for the follow-up questions. The next question is from the line

                          of Deepak Ajmera from IGE India. As there is no response from the line of Deepak,

                            we'll move to the next that is Vivek Kumar from Bestpals Advisory LLP.


Vivek Kumar:             Sir, am I audible?


Moderator:             Yes.


Vivek Kumar:       My question regarding retail, how are you -- because you're doing mostly in your Tier

                             2, I'm assuming this if my assumption is wrong, please correct me. So if you're doing

                                       it in Tier 2, Tier 3 locations, how are you trying to get the customers and their trust


                                 Page 12 of 18
[page 14]
                                                                     Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                                                   August 14, 2026

                        because mostly their customers believe they do not go anywhere unless the doctor is

                          prescribed and recommended by the doctor.


                     So how are we building the trust or we are partnering with the doctors? So how is the

                          business model for retail more so in the -- please can you -- what percentage comes

                      from Tier 2, Tier 3 and Tier 4 for our retail business, if you can go in little bit detail,

                   how are we winning customers.


Yash Mutha:           Yes. So  it's a good question. In terms of retail, how we are able to attract these

                         customers. If you see when the places that Krsnaa is present today, like you mentioned,

                                       it's in Tier 2, Tier 3 locations, where it's currently not a very strong competitive strength

                            available, number one. Second is when we educate our -- these -- whether it is the

                          franchisees or our touch points that Krsnaa is backed by serving 3 crores patients,

                        having these highest number of NABL, NABH accreditation in the country today and

                        with strong quality practices in our operations.


                   And that is where the doctors see the value. And of course, then the pricing also

                      becomes an important element as a result of which you have seen the kind of growth

                             that we've been achieving quarter-on-quarter. So as we mentioned earlier, from a DNA

                           perspective, our so-called customer acquisition costs are not significant. We try to

                            rather leverage on the infrastructure, the quality, the accessibility that we build.


Vivek Kumar:         So we partner with doctors, right? So that's the understanding.


Yash Mutha:           No, no. We don't partner. We educate the doctors that, look, this is a company which

                         has operations in 18 states. These are our quality benchmarks. These are the kind of

                           prices that we offer and of course, then the plethora of the test menu that we have.


Vivek Kumar:          But they do not ask for any commission.


Mitesh Dave:          Not really. So if you see that in PPP, we have got trust of more than 30,000-plus doctors

                          already existing in our system, right? So our reports, which has been released or

                          authorized for the patient who is coming to a government hospital under any of the

              NHM scheme the doctor is seeing that and then prescribing the further course of

                           treatment.


                        That particular report itself speaks out loud around the trust that we carry all across, be

                                       it is a doctor practicing in government hospitals or the outside the hospitals, number

                          one. Number two rest all what Mr. Yash has mentioned. Be it is the accessibility,

                            affordability backed by the quality because if you see our overall quality standards

                         pan-India are the highest than the nearest peer.




                                 Page 13 of 18
[page 15]
                                                                     Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                                                   August 14, 2026

                     So all these factors plays a lot. And thirdly, to answer or to support that statement today

                        with the increasing awareness all across and even government health care schemes,

                      making people well aware even in the Tier 2, Tier 3 towns. So they are also equally

                        educated for getting into the illness prescribed by the doctor or wellness of their own.


Vivek Kumar:             Sir, I got it, sir, but just clarification normally Tier 2, Tier 3 doctors have their own

                           partnership with diagnostics. So that is why there's a conflict of -- so they get some

                    money from there, right? So how are you able to bypass...


Mitesh Dave:       We would not like to comment on...


Yash Mutha:           No. And as a practice, if you see the prices at which we offer and the value, I don't

                          think so there's a need for any of these kind of associations or practices. We rather

                         focus on the quality of the space.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Deepak Ajmera from IGE India.


Deepak Ajmera:     Am I audible?


Moderator:             Yes.


Deepak Ajmera:        Yes. So on the Himachal Pradesh part, we have added 22 new locations over there. So

                      what are our future plans and revenue guidance over there? And how are we going to

                         execute in these new locations?


Yash Mutha:          So currently, as I said, it's a new project giving us the revenue visibility for over a

                         period of 10 years. Like we started with Himachal Pradesh, this additional 22 locations

                          of totally 34 locations is what we will be serving.


                         Predominantly, we are discussing this to be an entirely cash business. And with regards

                            to the revenue and investment, we'll be giving the details more in the coming quarters.

                          There's still some discussions going on. So I'll be able to have more clarity in the

                      coming days and then we'll update you. Maybe we can also discuss this offline as and

                    when the information comes to us.


Deepak Ajmera:       So beyond Rajasthan, how we going to grow in terms of revenue, if you can just

                           highlight that?


Yash Mutha:           Yes. So if you see from a growth perspective, the like-for-like business, our existing

                          businesses that -- which were established in the previous years, the infrastructure that

                   we have already in place, that will continue to grow.


                         Rajasthan is another engine that we've added in terms of the PPP projects that will

                            further add to the existing base. On top of it, the Himachal Pradesh additional centers

                                 Page 14 of 18
[page 16]
                                                                     Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                                                   August 14, 2026

                          as well as there are some more PPP projects in pipeline, which we envisage which

                        should materialize in the coming quarters will also give us an additional engine of

                         growth.


                     Then there is a third engine, which is the retail business that we've started expanding

                       and  that  is also showing encouraging  results. And we're also launching some

                          innovative products. Like I mentioned earlier, we'll be announcing some new products

                            in the market very soon, which is a blend of diagnostics and some financial protection.

                     So there are these multiple levers, which, in our opinion, should give us a directional

                         growth. And continue the journey upwards.


Deepak Ajmera:        Okay. And on the margin front, you said the operational efficiency going to kick in, in

                          Rajasthan. So could you please highlight the margins we're going to enjoy this year?


Yash Mutha:           Yes. So from a margin perspective, as I said, we -- once the Rajasthan operation

                         normalizes in terms of the maturity of the operation, we expect the margins to come

                       back to double digits at the end of the year as a whole.


Deepak Ajmera:       And on the retail front, we have achieved INR19 crores, INR20 crores kind of a

                           quarterly run rate. How do you see this going forward?


Mitesh Dave:           Mitesh this side. So well, it's an emerging business, and it's -- I should still say that it's

                              just scratching up the surfaces. So by the end of this financial year, we are hoping to

                      go exponentially high with the current run rate.


                     So -- and it's quite encouraging the overall results of the feedback that we are getting

                                       it from the market, be it the patients or the doctors and all the differentiators that we

                       have plugged in our system while we were going through the -- going to launch the

                  RPL a year before.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Rajat from Tata Mutual Fund.


Rajat:           Am I audible?


Yash Mutha:           Yes, you are audible, Rajat.


Rajat:                  Yash, just one observation I have is that if I see your employee expenses, right, for the

                            quarter, despite the starting of Rajasthan tender, right, the employee cost seems to be

                                 flat both on a Y-o-Y basis as well as on a quarter-on-quarter basis. I don't know if you

                       have answered this before, but I joined the call a little late.


Yash Mutha:           No, no. So Rajat, in terms of the employee cost, what has happened is most of the

                       employees what even our CFO mentioned earlier, we came in mostly towards the end


                                 Page 15 of 18
[page 17]
                                                                     Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                                                   August 14, 2026

                          of Q1. And some of the employees are also as part of the partners or the business

                           associates with whom we work, which gets captured under the fees to hospital.


                   And importantly, as management also, we have done some rationalization of the

                     manpower cost, considering, as I said, multiple ways to ensure that we continue to be

                          driving up our margins upwards. So this is how you see. And whilst on a percentage

                             basis, because it's a percentage of revenue, it sees as a lower percentage. But in terms

                          of absolute, there has been an increase. But still, we've been able to control the expense

                         not to have a very major impact on the financial statements.


Rajat:               So going forward, Yash, let's say, next 2 to 3 quarters, do you think employee expenses

                            will be in the similar range? Or as the project ramps up, we'll need to hire more people

                          or the hiring is already done is what I'm trying to understand.


Yash Mutha:           No, there will be some hiring because as I said, some of the labs are still yet to be

                           operationalized, but we will be in tandem with the revenue growth as well. Like the

                        revenue doubles up, I don't think so the impact of the manpower will be significant in

                           the coming quarters.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Pooja from InCred Asset Management.


Pooja Sanghvi:             I was just asking that can you give any guidance on the recovery in the Himachal and

                        Karnataka would it be by the end of Q3 or Q4 or...


Yash Mutha:                     . So Pooja on the recovery side, as I said, with Himachal Pradesh, we've already

                          received communication where certain funds have been allocated and that money has

                          already started flowing in. Karnataka, the conversations are going on. there have been

                          various representations. And along with the recent change in the ministry as well, there

                         has been some delay from a procedure perspective, but we expect money to be

                           collected by Q2.


                     So apart from if you see HP, Karnataka and a bit of Maharashtra, all other projects are

                      on track in terms of receiving except for these 3 states where the teams are working

                          ferociously to recover the money that is due from the government.


Pooja Sanghvi:         Okay. Got it, sir. And sir, retail sales is still 8%. So do we expect the mix to improve

                        going forward?


Yash Mutha:           Could you repeat the question, please?


Pooja Sanghvi:        The retail as a percentage of sales is 8%. But going forward, do we expect it to improve,

                             like the mix to improve going forward?



                                 Page 16 of 18
[page 18]
                                                                     Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                                                   August 14, 2026

Mitesh Dave:           Mitesh this side. Absolutely, and that's where we are working towards because what

                                 all network which has already been laid out into the market space as well as the network

                      which is ongoing and the network which we will going to further laying out into the

                         market.


                     Our contribution what we are looking to target this financial year is to be in the range

                          of 10% to 15%. And going forward, it's further continue to add up to the overall

                           contribution.


Moderator:           The next question is from the line of Surya Narayan Patra from PhillipCapital.


Surya Narayan Patra:  So on the CGHS front, this quarter, we have seen industry peers getting benefited out

                          of it. And possibly for us, it should be a kind of sizable one. Any benefit of that we

                       have seen, sir?


Yash Mutha:           No. So Surya, the CGHS rates that has been more on the hospital side. Since our rates

                           are contractually as per the tender rate, we don't see it immediately in the current

                            tenders. But the forthcoming tenders still will be benchmarked to the new rates, that is

                   how -- there might be a possibility of getting the upside, but not for the current

                           business.


Surya Narayan Patra:  And just one clarification about the volume growth in fact, while we have seen RPL

                         seeing a kind of robust volume growth, but if we adjust that RPL's volume growth from

                           the reported overall growth, then it looks it is a flat performance for us. So what is

                        impacting whether it is the kind of the effort that you have been following in the last

                        couple of quarters to monetize your receivables, whether those efforts continuing and

                        impacting the volume? Or how should one think this number performance in terms of

                           the volumes?


Mitesh Dave:           Mitesh this side. So if you see RPL is a business which has been diversified and has

                       been operationalized to complement the existing PPP. If you see the overall volume

                         growth, it is both ways, be it is RPL showing higher because of the lower base currently

                   we are having and PPP as an overall business, wherein the base is huge and large and

                      where it is growing at an pace where it is with the adding of the Rajasthan and the MRI

                           are driving the major ones.


                      However, with the existing other businesses, if you see the volumes, volumes are in

                             line with what it should be and adding up to our predefined rates with the government

                          proportionately the values are growing.


Surya Narayan Patra:   Okay. So here, we should not map the industry volume growth to Krsnaa's PPP contract

                      volume growth, sir?


                                 Page 17 of 18
[page 19]
                                                                     Krsnaa Diagnostics Limited
                                                                                   August 14, 2026

Yash Mutha:           No. So, Surya, if you see from a volume growth perspective, as I said, in the PPP, the

                      ramp-up sometimes happens exponentially, right, because these are underserved areas.

                     So the volume growth would not necessarily be in the same the way industry moves.

                     Our business model is differentiated. Our presence is in different locations compared

                            to what the peers would have been.


                     So  I wouldn't say  it's an apple-to-apple comparison. Yes, but from a direction

                           perspective, both retail and on the PPP side, volumes have grown and they continue to

                        grow. And that also is reflected in both from a revenue perspective. Like what Mitesh

                           also mentioned earlier in terms of the retail, we are seeing a huge uptick in the

                         acceptance and people have  started accepting  retail wellness packages,  illness

                         packages. And similarly on the PPP side with Rajasthan and other the radiology

                            projects, the volumes continue to grow.


Moderator:           Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints that was last question. I

                      would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.


Yash Mutha:          Thank you. Sumit, I hope we've been able to address all your questions today. If there

                           are any queries that remain unanswered or if you require any further information,

                          please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations teams, and we'll be happy to

                               assist. Thank you once again for joining us today and for your continued interest and

                         support in Krsnaa Diagnostics. We look forward to speaking with you again in the next

                            quarter. Thank you.


Moderator:           Thank you. On behalf of Equirus Securities Private Limited, that concludes this

                          conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.





                                 Page 18 of 18