
[page 1]
Ref: MHL/Sec&Legal/2026-27/15                                               May 19, 2026

To,
BSE Limited                                           National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Scrip Code: 542650                                         Scrip Symbol: METROPOLIS

Dear Sir/Madam,

Sub: Earnings call transcript for Q4 FY26

Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Q4 FY26 earnings conference call held on Thursday, May 14, 2026.
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website i.e. www.metropolisindia.com

You are requested to take the above information on record.

Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,

For Metropolis Healthcare Limited



                                                                                   c=IN, st=Maharashtra,Kamlesh                                                         DigitallyDN:2.5.4.20=7b2c373c96d15b9bcfca30002f2fbd0e3a8a7775221bd4075c136f7c3signed by Kamlesh Chandrashekhar Kulkarni
                                                                        7ee6541, postalCode=422004, street=SO Chandrashekhar Kulkarni Plot No47
                                                                   Vrundavan Nagar Dindori Road Near Gajanan Maharaj Mandir Mhasrul
                                                                        pseudonym=ce57b9d646ce4631a4e68e0e138a62c3, title=1552,Chandrashekhar                          Nashik,serialNumber=2d68a0037beac42820279c8effc9ae2073aa3f9ef35e80715cbc
Kulkarni                                                b9b2acfdcc68,Date: 2026.05.19o=Personal,19:04:30 +05'30'cn=Kamlesh Chandrashekhar Kulkarni
Kamlesh C Kulkarni
Head – Legal & Secretarial

Encl: A/a
[page 2]
           “Metropolis Healthcare Limited

      Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call”

              May 14, 2026

  E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording
                 uploaded on the stock exchanges on May 14, 2026 will prevail.





MANAGEMENT: MS. AMEERA SHAH – PROMOTER, CHAIRPERSON AND
            WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – METROPOLIS
            HEALTHCARE LIMITED
            MR. SURENDRAN CHEMMENKOTIL – MANAGING
             DIRECTOR – METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED
            MR. SAMEER PATEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
             METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED
            MR. MOHAN MENON – CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER –
             METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED


MODERATOR:  MR. GAURAV TINANI – AMBIT CAPITAL




                                  Page 1 of 17
[page 3]
                                                                           Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                                   May 14, 2026




Moderator:                Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call

                             of Metropolis Healthcare Limited, hosted by Ambit Capital. This conference call may contain

                           forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and

                             expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future

                          performance of the company, and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to

                                predict.


                      As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity

                               for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during

                                 this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone

                             telephones. Please note that this conference call is being recorded.


                                    I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gaurav Tinani from Ambit Capital. Thank you, and over

                               to you, Mr. Tinani.


Gaurav Tinani:          Thank you, Swara, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of Ambit Capital, we welcome you

                                    all on the Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call for Metropolis Healthcare Limited. Today,

                        on the call, we are joined by Ms. Ameera Shah, the Promoter, Chairperson and Whole-Time

                              Director; Mr. Surendran C., the Managing Director; and Mr. Sameer Patel, the Chief Financial

                             Officer for Metropolis Healthcare Limited.


                 We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management, followed by a question-and-

                         answer session. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am.


Ameera Shah:           Thank you so much, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for the Q4

                         and the FY26 earnings conference Call of Metropolis Healthcare. As mentioned, I'm joined by

                            Suren, by Sameer, and also by Mohan, the CMO, and the rest of the leadership team and the IR

                            Advisors. We've uploaded our investor presentation and related documents on the stock

                          exchanges and the company's website, and I hope everyone has had an opportunity to go through

                             the same.


                           Let me begin with a brief perspective on the broader diagnostics landscape before I move into

                             the company-specific updates. The diagnostics industry in India continues to evolve in a very

                             constructive direction. We are seeing a steady shift towards organized trusted players like

                            Metropolis, as doctors and consumers are placing greater emphasis on quality standards,

                                 scientific expertise, lab compliance, and an overall superior experience. This transition reflects

                           a maturing market where trust and reliability are becoming central to decision-making.


                        At the same time, the industry is also gradually moving beyond routine testing-led growth with

                             stronger contributions now coming from specialty diagnostics, wellness, and more complex and

                                clinically relevant testing. These areas not only enhance the depth of diagnostic insights but also

                              align more closely with evolving health care needs.


                             In parallel, factors such as deeper digital engagement, improved consumer awareness, and a

                               rising focus on longitudinal health monitoring are creating new opportunities for scaled and

                                  Page 2 of 17
[page 4]
                                                  Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                 May 14, 2026

credible diagnostic platforms. The broad direction has been visible in our earlier quarterly

commentary as well, where we've consistently highlighted preventive care, specialty testing, AI-

led enablement, genomics, and customer engagement as key structural drivers shaping the future

growth of the sector. While competition will always be there, we believe the structural runway

for us is strong without any unreasonable or disruptive competitive environment.


Metropolis remains well-positioned in the industry because our moat is built on capabilities that

are  difficult to  replicate  at  scale: consistent lab  quality, deep and long-standing doctor

engagement, strong scientific and clinical expertise, best-in-class tech platforms, and a highly

standardized operating model across the network. Together, these elements create a foundation

that goes well beyond service-level differentiation and support sustained performance over time.


In diagnostics, trust is built not only through brand visibility and geographical reach, but through

the accuracy, consistency, and reliability of what happens behind the scenes in the lab.

Institutional knowledge built over years of experience further strengthens this backbone by

ensuring that complex cases are handled with depth and accuracy. This remains one of the key

reasons why Metropolis continues to earn trust with doctors and patients and sustain  its

leadership in the premium diagnostics space.


On digital and AI, our approach continues to be practical, measured, and focused on high-impact

use cases. We do not see AI as a near-term disruptor in pathology, but an important enabler of

productivity, service quality, customer engagement, and workflow efficiency. Over the past few

quarters, we have strengthened our digital and AI tools across customer and partner platforms,

lead management, workflow automation, contact center  quality, and selective diagnostic

applications.


Together, these  initiatives are helping us build a stronger operating platform, improve

productivity and efficiency, enhance customer experience, and support more scalable and

sustainable growth for years to come.


Our genomics journey has continued to advance steadily and remains a key strategic pillar for

the future. With the integration of Core Diagnostics and the ongoing strengthening of our central

genomics platform, we are deepening our capabilities across critical areas such as oncology,

reproductive health, inherited disorders, and precision diagnostics.


This platform is now anchored by 2 CAP-accredited genomic labs in Gurgaon and Bombay,

along with the growing team of genetic counsellors across the country, strengthening our ability

to deliver high-end genomic testing with quality interpretation and scale. This integration has

also enabled us to expand access to high-end genomic testing across India through both our B2C

and B2B channels.


Anyone can add machines, but the real difference in results lies in the personalized interpretation

needed for every patient, which rests on institutional expertise and knowledge, not on the

equipment. As a result, Metropolis is increasingly positioned as a trusted and credible leader in

specialty genomics testing, capable of delivering advanced solutions at scale. We see genomics



               Page 3 of 17
[page 5]
                                                  Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                 May 14, 2026

evolving into a significant growth driver over time, particularly in disease segments where

precision, nuanced interpretation, and strong scientific engagement are essential.


The participation and response we received at our recent genomics and scientific symposiums

in Mumbai and Chennai have been so strong, clearly depicting that there are big gaps in the

market for good clinical reports, which we can fill. We believe this is a strong testament to the

clinical trust in Metropolis and to the relevance of the scientific platform we are continuing to

build in genomics.


At the same time, we continue to make steady progress on productivity and platform

modernization. Over the  last few  quarters, we have worked on lab platform upgrades,

infrastructure consolidation, vendor consolidation, and more optimal use of technology across

the network. These efforts are helping simplify the operating backbone, improve efficiency, and

support structural cost discipline over time.


On the inorganic front as well, integration is progressing broadly in line with our expectations.

For Core Diagnostics, we have committed that within 4 quarters of doing the acquisition, we

would move from a negative 2% EBITDA to a high-single-digit EBITDA in Q4. We have

completed this mission.


We are on our path for our 3-year commitment for a 20%-plus EBITDA at core. Over the past

few quarters, our priority has been  stabilization  at the core, driving process alignment,

integrating platforms, and realizing synergies across the acquired businesses so they are

seamlessly embedded within the Metropolis umbrella and operating DNA.


We're now beginning to see tangible value emerge, not just from increased scale, but from

enhanced capabilities, lab consolidation, better network utilization, procurement efficiencies,

and a stronger foundation to support future growth. As we move ahead, our focus will shift more

towards driving volumes and scaling the platform. This, in turn, will unlock efficiencies and

leverage, providing a clear pathway for margin expansion over time.


Speaking of FY26, it's been a strong and well-executed year for Metropolis. We delivered

organic revenue growth of 13.7%, better than our stated guidance of 12% to 13%. On a

normalized basis, organic margins expanded by around 140 basis points to 25.9%, supported by

sustained  productivity improvements, ongoing  lab platform upgrades, and consolidation

initiatives.


As you know, we have also done a bonus share issue in March '26 to enhance the liquidity of

our shares for shareholders. I'm pleased to share that the Board has also recommended another

interim dividend of INR1 per share. This reflects the strength of our financial position and our

continued commitment to creating long-term value for shareholders.


Looking at the past 3 years, we have accomplished the following: an organic CAGR revenue

growth of 13% on a like-to-like basis, which is largely driven by test volume and patient volume

growth; restored organic revenue margins to pre-COVID levels of around 26%; expanded lab

capacity by more than 50% and increased our presence to more than 750 towns and cities across

India; built a strong retail D2C mindset, resulting in self-referrals contributing 40% and B2C

               Page 4 of 17
[page 6]
                                                  Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                 May 14, 2026

business accounting for 60% of revenue, both creating a more sticky, higher-margin business

model for the future. We expanded into basic radiology and vital checks in some centers on a

pilot basis and are encouraged by the response.


We also, in the last 3 years, established a robust technology architecture from the ground up,

enabling digital channels to grow from 0% to 25% of revenue, while making the organization

significantly more automated. We also strengthened our scientific capabilities and enhanced our

reputation amongst doctors and hospitals, and added the entire genomics segment.


This will lead to better price elasticity and the highest specialty mix in the industry. We also

expanded  our  North  India  business,  increasing  the  contribution from  mid-single-digit

contribution to revenue to 17% of revenues. And we added, enhanced, and rebuilt a stable and

better-quality management team that can take the business forward.


Over the next 3 years, the vision is to grow at a CAGR of 14% to 15% in revenue. Organic

revenues would come primarily via patient volumes, RPP growth, and price increases. And, an

additional part of it would also come by adding strategic and value-additive acquisitions. Even

though we are building a target for acquisitions, these would only happen if it's at the right deal

at the right price and not just to add growth.


We are going to reimagine our processes through automation and technology enablement to

drive center productivity and margin expansion with the goal of achieving a sustainable group

EBITDA margin of 27% to 28% over the next 3 years, supported by profitability across every

regional market and bringing core to a 20% plus margin profile.


We would like to continue to be the most respected scientific brand, not just in the West and

South, but also in the North and East of India, by building relationships and trust amongst

doctors. We're also building a network of 100 mini hubs over the next 3 years, which will

encompass pathology and basic radiology to service retail and corporate clientele. 50 mini hubs

would be the existing collection center locations upgraded to mini hubs, and 50 would be new

centers to be set up.


We expect these centers to allow us to provide more services to our existing B2C customers, as

well as corporate clients and insurance. We would expand our asset-light collection center

network by adding 1,500 more centers, taking the lab-to-center ratio to 1: 35 from the current

1:24, and enhancing center productivity of existing centers by 20% over 3 years.


We would also like to build capability in Metropolis to build a tech-enabled D2C vertical,

focusing on enhanced chronic business, acquired and serviced via digital and physical channels.

Digital revenue in Metropolis has a higher customer lifetime value than brick-and-mortar

businesses, and this, while enhancing the digital contribution, would enhance the RPP growth.

Overall, the direction of the business continues to strengthen with stronger foundations, sharper

execution, and better visibility ahead.


With that, I'll now ask Suren to take you through the operational performance and key business

drivers for the quarter and the full year.


               Page 5 of 17
[page 7]
                                                                           Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                                   May 14, 2026

Surendran Chemmenkotil: Thank you, Ameera, and good morning, everyone. Let me take you through our performance for

                             the quarter and the full year, and then spend some time on the key business drivers across

                             channels, network productivity, margins, and operating outlook. For quarter 4 '26, MHL Group

                          revenue stood at INR 425 crores, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 23% with EBITDA margin

                             of 25.4% . For the full year, revenue stood at INR 1,646 crores, growing 23.6% year-on-year

                           with an EBITDA margin of 24.4% .


                               Just as importantly, the underlying quality of growth remains strong, supported by patient

                           growth, realization improvement, better mix and productivity gains. On an organic basis,

                          revenue grew by 14.7% in quarter 4, driven largely by patient volume growth of 9.3% and

                               realization improvement of around 5%


                          For the full year, organic revenue growth stood at 13.7%  , as Ameera mentioned. It is also

                            important to note that unlike last year, we did not take a price increase in quarter 4 due to GST

                              reasons. This indicates that the quarterly performance was driven by healthy underlying demand,

                       mix improvement, and better execution, leaving the price lever as an opportunity for growth

                                  later in the year.


                              Full year '26 was not just important for the performance we delivered, but also for the progress

                     we made on several structural changes initiated last year. This includes strengthening the

                          network through lab consolidation and a sharper center-to-lab ratio, driving productivity and

                         margin improvement initiatives across the lab platform changes, building stronger and better

                              quality B2B business, progressing our M&A integration playbook, and advancing our digital

                           agenda. Importantly, these are not one-time actions. They are structural changes intended to

                         improve the quality and sustainability of growth in revenue and profitability over time.


                           Let me first talk about the channels. In B2C organic revenue, we continue to see strong traction

                           with revenue growth of 14.7% in the quarter and 14% for the full year. This was supported by

                             the healthy demand across wellness, specialty, and routine testing, along with better customer

                         engagement through both physical and digital channels.


                             In B2B organic, revenue grew by 14.7% in quarter 4 and 13.3% for the year. We have been

                         working on improving ease of doing business, enhancing service consistency, deepening

                                 institutional and corporate relationships, and building a more sustainable portfolio with better

                               unit economics.


                      From a segment standpoint, for the organic revenue, TruHealth and Specialty continue to

                          perform very strongly. TruHealth and Specialty grew by 20% and 17%, respectively, in the

                              quarter and by 21% and 16%, respectively, for the full year. These categories continue to

                         improve both customer engagement and the overall mix quality of the business.


                           Let me now come to network and productivity because this is becoming an increasingly

                            important part of our journey. Over the last 2 years, we have invested significantly in expanding

                         and strengthening our lab and service center backbone. That heavy build-out phase is now

                              largely behind us, and the focus has clearly shifted from expanded capex to throughput-led

                              productivity.


                                  Page 6 of 17
[page 8]
                                                  Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                 May 14, 2026

In other words, the priority today is not just to add more infrastructure, but to get more output,

better efficiency, and stronger leverage from the infrastructure we have already created. This is

a key shift in our operating model and one of the important drivers of margin improvement going

forward.


During the year, we added 490 centers, taking our total network to over 5,000 collection centers

across more than 750 towns and 212 labs. At the same time, the productivity of the existing

network improved with the same lab growth at about 14%.


And the center-to-lab ratio, which strengthened from 20:1 to 24:1, is a clear testament to the

focused execution over the last year to improve network density and drive higher throughput

from the infrastructure we have already built. Over the next 18 months, we expect to strengthen

the feeder center network further and move this ratio closer to 30:1 in many markets, depending

on cluster maturity, and over a 3-year horizon, we want to take this to 35:1 lab-to-center ratio.


Another important driver of improvement this year has been our productivity and margin agenda.

During  the  year, we continued  to work on  the  lab  testing platform upgradation and

standardization, equipment vendor consolidation, better inventory discipline through barcoding,

and more optimal use of technology in labs across the country.


These interventions are improving turnaround time, material productivity, and throughput across

the network, and the benefits started coming in in quarter 4. We expect them to strengthen further

over the next 2 quarters as implementation progresses across the network.


Organic EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 27.2% compared to 18.5% in the same period

last year, while the full year EBITDA margin came in at 25.9%. Although the prior-year margin

was partly impacted by onetime acquisition-related cost then, EBITDA margin expanded by 140

basis points even after adjusting for these costs.


This improvement was driven by a combination of better operating leverage, stronger specialty

and wellness mix, productivity gains, integration synergies from acquisitions, and ongoing

efficiency initiatives across the network.


On acquisitions, the portfolio continued to progress well. Core Diagnostics improved to a high-

single-digit margin in quarter 4 '26, while Dehradun, Agra, and Kolhapur acquisitions continue

to operate at margins above the company average. Over the past few calls, we have been clear

that this year one is about integration, cleanup, and efficiency, followed by revenue acceleration

on a stronger platform.


We believe we are now building a repeatable playbook for M&A integration across processes,

people, systems, quality standards, and commercial synergies. And that will remain an important

capability for us going forward.


To summarize, financial year '26 was a year in which both our business fundamentals and our

operating model became meaningfully stronger. As we exit the year, we are seeing strong

momentum across multiple areas of the business. Patient volume growth remained healthy in the

7% to 8 % range, supported by the lab additions made over the last few years, continuous center

               Page 7 of 17
[page 9]
                                                                           Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                                   May 14, 2026

                           expansion quarter after quarter, and the acceleration of our digital agenda. We are optimistic of

                              sustaining the same going forward.


                        At the same time, RPP growth is being driven by an improving mix, led by enhanced TruHealth

                               offerings, a higher specialty mix, and increasing contribution from genomics. Together, these

                              drivers are helping us deliver consistent and broad-based revenue growth. Importantly, this

                         growth  is being complemented by a sustainable margin improvement. Our lab platform

                            upgrades, vendor consolidation initiatives, and multiple productivity improvement programs are

                     now translated into stronger operating leverage across the network.


                 We are also seeing encouraging progress in improving network productivity, strengthening the

                              quality of B2B business, and successfully integrating acquisitions through a more structured and

                              scalable playbook. What is particularly encouraging is that these gains are not driven by one-off

                                factors, but by structural changes we have been implementing across the business over the last

                              year. This gives us the confidence that the business is not only growing, but growing in a more

                               sustainable, efficient, and high-quality manner. With this, I hand over the call to Sameer, who

                               will take us through the details of the financial highlights. Thank you, and over to you, Sameer.


Sameer Patel:            Thank you, Suren, and good morning, everyone. Let me briefly walk you through the key

                               financial highlights for quarter 4 and full year FY26 for both the organic business and MHL

                          Group. Let's start with an organic business. Organic business has delivered strong, consistent

                          performance during the quarter and the year, driven by healthy growth across both B2B and B2C

                           segments.


                            Quarter 4 FY26 revenue stood at INR 392 crores, growing 14.7% year-on-year, supported by

                  9% growth in both patient and test volume. Full year FY26 revenue stood at INR 1,510 crores,

                               reflecting 13.7% year-on-year growth with patient volume growth at 7.5% and test volume

                         growth at 8%.


                    B2C and B2B revenue for the quarter grew at 15% year-on-year, while full-year FY26 B2C and

                    B2B revenue grew by 14% and 13.3%, respectively. Our focus segments continued to perform

                              well. The TruHealth segment contributed 19% of FY26 revenue, grew by 21% year-on-year.

                     And Specialty segment contributed 37% of revenue with 16% year-on-year growth.


                        With respect to margins, quarter 4 EBITDA stood at INR 107 crores with a margin of 27.2%,

                        grew 69% year-on-year. Full-year FY26 EBITDA stood at INR 392 crores with a margin of

                         25.9%, reflecting 29% year-on-year growth. Quarter 4 PAT stood at INR 55 crores with a margin

                             of 14.1%, grew 89% year-year. Full-year FY26 PAT stood at INR 194 crores, with a margin of

                       12.8% and 33% year-on-year growth.


                      Now, talking about MHL Group performance. At the MHL Group level, performance remained

                             robust across revenue, volume, and profitability. Q4FY26 revenue stood at INR 425 crores, 23%

                             year-on-year, with a patient volume growth of 11% and test volume growth of 14%. Full-year

                     FY26 revenue stood at INR 1,646 crores, reflecting 23.6% year-on-year growth with the patient

                         and the test volume growth of 12% and 13%, respectively.



                                  Page 8 of 17
[page 10]
                                                                           Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                                   May 14, 2026

                          Across channels, quarter 4 B2C and B2B revenue grew by 20% and 28% year-on-year,

                               respectively. Full year FY26 B2C and B2B revenue grew by 19% and 31% year-on-year,

                               respectively. Segment performance continued to strengthen. The TruHealth segment contributed

                    18% for FY26 revenue, grew by 27% year-on-year. The Specialty segment contributed 39% of

                          revenue with a strong 32% year-on-year growth.


                                Profitability remained strong. Quarter four EBITDA stood at INR 108 crores with a margin of

                         25.4%, grew 71% year-on-year. Full year FY26 EBITDA stood at INR 401 crores with a margin

                             of 24.4%, reflecting 32% growth year-on-year. Quarter 4 PAT stood at INR 51 crores with a

                         margin of 12% and grew by 75% year-on-year. Full-year FY26 PAT stood at INR 191 crores

                           with a margin of 11.6%, grew by 31% year-on-year.


                      Now, talking about the capex for the year. We have incurred a capex the capex stood at INR 65

                               crores. As highlighted earlier, our capital allocation strategy will become increasingly selective

                         and productivity-driven. Investments are now focused on targeted network addition, specialty

                                   test expansion, technology upgrades, and digital capabilities. With most of the lab network

                             already in place, future growth is expected to benefit from improved operating leverage and

                         enhanced productivity as volume continues to scale.


                        With this, I open the floor for Q&A. Thank you.


Moderator:             The first question is from the line of Tausif from BNP.


Tausif:             We have talked about our revenue growth guidance of mid-teens for the next 2 to 3 years. Can

                        you give some more colour on this? Can you tell us, in the last 2 quarters, have you seen some

                                structural shift from unorganized player to organized player, and any competition from online

                             players?


Ameera Shah:              See, there's no third-party data available that tells you the move from unorganized to organized.

                         But we having feet on the ground, the sense, like I mentioned in the speech, is that there is a

                       movement happening, where consumers and doctors are finding more comfort in bigger brands,

                         which have more predictability, and also the specialty market is increasing. We have to

                        remember that oncology and neurology are the 2 fastest-growing therapeutic segments globally

                           over the next 10 years.


                     And as more of these issues come into India as well, it means more specialty tests will happen

                               rather than just routine, which naturally will happen with the more organized players and less

                           with the unorganized players. So this mid-teens growth, 14% to 15% that we've guided for the

                            next 3 years, is obviously a combination of volume, RPP increase, as well as some price increase,

                         and that's the breakup of it.


Tausif:                And ma'am, do you plan to take a price hike in this fiscal?


Surendran Chemmenkotil: Well, at this point of time, we are not looking at a price increase. But as the year progresses, if

                              there is a need for us to do it, we would not hesitate to do so.



                                  Page 9 of 17
[page 11]
                                                                           Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                                   May 14, 2026

Tausif:                  Okay. And just a follow-up question on your guidance. We have guided the EBITDA margin of

                    27% to 28% next 3 years, but how should one see the next fiscal? Will be the range of 26%,

                                   that's quite achievable?


Surendran Chemmenkotil: So we'll definitely be looking at about 125 to 150 bps improvement in the coming year.


Moderator:             The next question is from the line of Raman KV from Sequent Investments.


Raman KV:                 Just a follow-up on the guidance part. You mentioned that you will be growing at 14% to 15%

                 CAGR over the next 3 years. How much will this be from the volume growth in terms of patient

                        volume growth, and how much will be in terms of better price realization coming from Specialty

                         and Core Diagnostics?


Surendran Chemmenkotil: So, about 8% to 9% of patient volume growth is what we are estimating for the coming fiscal

                               for sure, right? And the remaining 5% will be coming from the realization.


Raman KV:               Understood, sir. And sir, my next question is with respect to the Specialty division. For the past

                        2 years, the contribution the revenue mix from Specialty division has been around -- hovering

                          around 35% to 37%. So are you planning to increase your wallet share in the Specialty division

                                    -- like contribution from your Specialty division going forward? Or do you think this is healthy


Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes. Definitely, I think there are 2 big levers we have beyond the existing specialty testing

                                capabilities. One, of course, we talked about the genomics journey that we have already started

                         and are accelerating. And the second one is the Core Diagnostics' product capability that we

                            have, which we'll use across our network. I mean, these two things added to our otherwise the

                             Specialty portfolio that we have to be able to take the Specialty contribution further higher.


Raman KV:                So, are you expecting that this year, it will be around 40%?


Surendran Chemmenkotil: I think so.


Moderator:             The next question is from the line of Sudarshan Agarwal from Axis Capital.


Sudarshan Agarwal:        In the initial comments, you said you are adding some 100 mini hubs. Can you tell me the nature

                                 this is how this is different versus your collection centers? And how many do you have in your

                              existing network? And what is the differentiation in terms of capex requirement for, let's say,

                          mini hub versus your normal collection centers?


Ameera Shah:           So normal collection center just obviously we collect blood samples there and then transport it

                               to lab for testing. One of the things that we have done over the past 2 years is, we have added

                       some ECG, x-ray, and in some limited locations, sonography as well to sort of see whether we

                              are able to increase the RPP per patient by doing that. And we have found that, that has helped

                               us. And therefore, we wanted to go out and do this in a bigger way.


                      Now,  it will not be about just adding X-ray, ECG, but maybe some more basic radiology

                              modalities, not like a CT MRI, but more basic modalities that could include, in some cases, the

                        bone density machine, in some cases, a mammogram -- mammography machine, or in some

                               cases, a bigger X-ray machine.

                                 Page 10 of 17
[page 12]
                                                                           Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                                   May 14, 2026

                     And the idea is basically that you're creating enough services at the local level. It is not just

                            blood, but blood plus radiology, plus, in some cases, it requires a consultation possibility, and

                        making these into slightly bigger, more service infrastructure centers, which can be then utilized

                            not only for retail customers, but for corporate customers as well.


Sudarshan Agarwal:      Okay. And the capex would be higher for these centers?


Ameera Shah:           Of course.


Sudarshan Agarwal:     By how much?


Ameera Shah:                   It will be higher than a collection center, but it will probably be similar to sort of a satellite lab.

                        About INR 30 lakh, INR 40 lakh is approximately what we are estimating at this point in time.


Sudarshan Agarwal:       Yes. Got it. And last one more on the bookkeeping side. So I was looking at your bridge through

                            organic to growth. So when you mentioned that Core Diagnostics is at high-single digit, but if I

                              subtract your MHL Group revenues and EBITDA from your MHL organic numbers, the M&A

                             portion margin comes to around 4% to 5%. So is there some intersegment elimination that is

                          happening? Because I cannot reconcile the numbers to high single digits otherwise?


Sameer Patel:               Certainly. So, what happens when the business is generated from MHL and the processing

                          happens on the Specialty and the Core, at the consolidation level, there is an elimination of

                          revenue and the margin that will be there. And therefore, you will see that.


Sudarshan Agarwal:      Okay. That benefit may be sitting on the organic margin that you have?


Sameer Patel:             Yes.


Sudarshan Agarwal:      Got it. And one last bookkeeping. Your depreciation increased quite sharply on a Q-on-Q basis.

                                    I assume this is due to the genomic machinery that was expected. Or was there some one-off or

                          impairment that happened during this quarter?


Sameer Patel:                    It's a mix of a few things. Certainly, genomic machine has come. Also the capex investment in

                             the later part of the year, and hence, Q4 sees the full depreciation impact. Also, the network

                           expansion was more aggressive in the second half. So that's where those elements are reflected

                               in depreciation.


Moderator:             The next question is from the line of Surya Patra from PhillipCapital.


Surya Patra:         My first question is on the growth side. What I'm seeing that, okay, the Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3, in

                                    all the regions, the growth looks similar because the revenue mix is also similar on a Y-o-Y

                                basis. So the general understanding is that Tier 2 and Tier 3 should be growing faster than the

                                  cities because cities would have all possible forms of competition. So, question is that, okay, so

                              are we not anticipating better growth or faster growth in the beyond Tier 1 market, and hence,

                             progressively better growth with the mix improving towards that side?


Surendran Chemmenkotil: Let me help you to decode the tier-wise growth, Tier 1, Tier 2 growth. Tier 1, we have added

                         Core Diagnostics is coming on largely on the Tier 1 setup, and you see a much higher growth in

                                 Page 11 of 17
[page 13]
                                                                           Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                                   May 14, 2026

                             Tier 1 for the last year. Similarly, on Tier 2, you have cities like Dehradun, Agra, et cetera, that

                         have been added, and you will find a higher growth in Tier 2.


                     And Tier 3, we are growing at about 26% to 30% in the last few quarters. So definitely, the Tier

                        3 and above is showing a much higher growth than the Tier 1, Tier 2 on a like-to-like basis, and

                                           it will continue to be so.


Surya Patra:             Okay. And these digital initiatives that we are talking about, should we consider them as a kind

                             of lever for margin expansion? Or it drives even volume?


Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes. It drives volume first. And of course, the cost of servicing is relatively lesser than that of

                            non-inorganic channel. So, definitely, the margins get better as our digital revenue scales up.


Ameera Shah:               Just to add, it depends on the way you acquire a customer, right? I mean, look, there are many

                             health tech companies that are looking at deep discounting to acquire customers, which is not

                             the Metropolis way. So if you do deep discounting to acquire, then obviously, that business may

                            not have strong unit economics and may not be positive profitably.


                         But the kind of business that Metropolis is acquiring digitally is more on the back of already a

                             strong brand that we have in physical channels on the ground, which allows us to, therefore,

                         have a lower cost of acquisition, a lower cost of servicing, and a higher customer lifetime value,

                         which could therefore result in a better margin for Metropolis. It doesn't mean it's the standard

                               for the whole industry.


Surya Patra:              Another point was about the inorganic growth. Is there any scope for that? Because it looks like

                                  that, okay, having done the Core Diagnostics now, we are focusing more on the organic part.

                     And we also do understand that the targets in the diagnostic space within India, if you see, are

                       more or less singular labs largely. Hence, the M&A possibility looks limited or less. So what is

                          your view on that, on the scope of the inorganic growth?


Ameera Shah:              See, actually, there are -- like you said rightly, there are some 3 lakh labs in India, and 90-odd-

                             percent of them are single labs. There are some chain labs, which have been created regionally,

                         and there are many, many assets available for acquisition. But we generally find that the quality

                             of many of the assets available for acquisition may not meet our standards for what we would

                                like to buy.


                           So, we will remain selective, but we continue to see opportunities at play. We continue to explore

                           them. And obviously, when something looks like the right candidate, which is adding something

                                strategic to us at the right price, then obviously, that's when we go ahead to try to close the deal.

                         But broadly, I think we can continue to see inorganic action for the next few years.


Surya Patra:             Okay. Just one clarification from my side. What portion of our, let's say, test volume would be

                             led by insurance companies?


Surendran Chemmenkotil: That's very insignificant at this point in time. We don't have high volumes from the insurance

                         segment as of now. We are just building our portfolio at this point in time.



                                 Page 12 of 17
[page 14]
                                                                           Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                                   May 14, 2026

Moderator:             The next question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs.


Shyam Srinivasan:          Just one on the opening remarks of trying to increase our branch productivity our network

                             productivity by 20% for mature stores. Can you just double-click on that, please?


Surendran Chemmenkotil: So we have set up all these, let's say, last year, 500 centers, and the year before that, 500 centers.

                             In the initial days, once the centers are set up, we just drive to improve the walk-ins into these

                              centers by engaging with the doctors nearby, and we're also engaging with the hospitals, clinics,

                                 et cetera, nearby, and also doing many other activities to engage with the customers in the

                           neighborhood.


                           So, that helps us to improve the productivity of each of the centers that we have set up. So I

                         mean, on a year-on-year basis, about 8% to 10% improvement on the productivity of the same

                               center, over a 3-year period, we are definitely able to get a 20% improvement from the same

                              centers that we have set up in the last maybe a couple of years.


Shyam Srinivasan:       And is there any absolute number that we are starting with, like this is the right numbers per

                               center, if there is any metric like that?


Surendran Chemmenkotil: So for us, in our own centers, for example, the average productivity is around INR 3.5 lakhs to

                     INR 4 lakhs per center. When we set up in year 1, this comes to around by the end of year 1, we

                        do about INR 1 lakh, INR1.5 lakhs, and we bring this into above INR 3 lakhs at the end of the

                                third year. So that's the number for our own centers, and this number is different -- differ for the

                             franchise centers and the rural centers.


Shyam Srinivasan:        Got it. Very helpful. My second question on the other comment on digital channels, right, that

                            they now contribute -- did I get it right when you said it's contributing 25% of revenue? If you

                           could explain that, please? And what are some of the measures? I know we've been investing in

                            technology. But just want to understand the nature of this channel? Is it like D2C? Or am I

                           missing something?


Surendran Chemmenkotil: So these are largely D2C. Let me talk about 3 distinct channels here. One, of course, our

                           Metropolis app, we drive customers through the Metropolis app and engage with them. And

                            secondly, I mean, we acquire customers through our website, where we will encourage the

                          customer to come and place his request for a test.


                     And the third one is our customer data platform, which is a CLM engine that we talk about, our

                              existing customer. We reach out to them through digital modes and give them what the next best

                             action is, or, on the basis of their past testing trends, what's the right thing for them to do in the

                        coming days. And these are 3 big initiatives that we do to drive the digital customer acquisition.


Moderator:             The next question is from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional Equities.


Alankar Garude:          Sameer, can you elaborate further on the intersegment eliminations? And how long will these

                             eliminations continue?




                                 Page 13 of 17
[page 15]
                                                                           Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                                   May 14, 2026

Sameer Patel:                    It will be there always because when the core business is going to process genomics business

                         and oncology business, and the revenue is generated across the network. That is the synergy

                              benefit that we are expanding the test menu across the country to all our clients and clinicians.

                          That is where the revenue is generated, and then the processing will happen. So that's why the

                          intercompany transfer will happen, and the elimination will be there.


Surendran Chemmenkotil: If I can just add to what Sameer said, one of our objectives is to drive high-end oncology revenue

                             of the core products through the MHL distribution network. So we will keep on stepping up this

                               particular engine and start selling more and more core products through the MHL distribution

                             engine. So you will -- as the revenue grows, and of course, there will be more and more

                          intercompany adjustments. But when you look at the group level, this anyway gets utilized, and

                                we'll report the net number at the group level, as you know.


Alankar Garude:         Got it, sir. Just thinking whether, ideally, we should split the intersegment eliminations between

                             the organic and the inorganic EBITDA when you report it in your presentation. Would that be a

                                better approach? Or do you think organic EBITDA is what the true EBITDA is as we report in

                             the presentation?


Ameera Shah:              Honestly, we can go and split the heads, but the reality is now the acquisition is a year old. So

                            everything is going to be organic anyway from April 1. So it really doesn't matter. It will all get

                            consolidated into the group anyway.


Surendran Chemmenkotil: Quarter 1 onwards, you will be seeing only one number in our presentation, which is the organic

                             or a company-level number. Last year, we provided this because acquisitions and integrations

                         were just happening.


Alankar Garude:           Fair enough. The second question is, you have been seeing a pretty good increase in revenue per

                                patient, as well as revenue per test, despite not taking any price hikes over the last few quarters.

                      Now, premiumization and TruHealth have been important drivers. Specifically, on TruHealth,

                          based on the visibility you have today, from 19% currently, to what level can the mix increase

                           over the longer term?


Surendran Chemmenkotil: Well, I mean, this can definitely go beyond 25% as well, I mean, in the next 2 to 3 years period.

                     And I mean, every year, I think we are moving this up by a couple of percentage. Maybe in the

                        coming year, we will further step up our efforts to make it faster because we are now, in the

                          TruHealth packages, we are including vital checkups, consults, basic radiology, and also going

                            forward, maybe some of the other adjacent services we'll keep adding. So the overall RPP will

                         keep getting better on the TruHealth packages. So we would like to see this moving faster the

                             contribution of TruHealth moving faster in the coming years.


Moderator:             The next question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors.


Kunal Thanvi:                 I had two questions. One was on the gross margin expansion that we have seen for Metropolis

                         and for other players as well. So, can you double-click on this and explain what is driving the

                            gross margin improvement? Is it the scale advantage that we're seeing from our suppliers? Or

                          does it also have to do with the on-ground competitive intensity kind of softening in the last 1


                                 Page 14 of 17
[page 16]
                                                                           Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                                   May 14, 2026

                            year? Because the trend has been true for almost all the diagnostic players. That was the first

                              question.


                       The second question is on our core markets, something like Mumbai. What kind of volume

                         growth are we witnessing there? Because in a few con calls, you said that you've been gaining

                          market share in the core markets like Mumbai as well. Is the trend still continuing?


                     And the last one was, you talked about the brand expansion is largely behind us, and from here

                            on, we will see operative leverage. If you can, again, double-click on the current utilization level

                        on a consol. basis and how that is expected to move around in FY27 and then in '28? These are

                             the three questions.


Surendran Chemmenkotil: Okay. Let me address the first question, which is the gross margin improvement. There are two

                             things that are really helping us to improve the gross margin. One is, like we mentioned in our

                            speech, we have undertaken a  lab  platform  consolidation and  upgrades. We  are  just

                             consolidating some of the vendors and moving into better, higher-efficiency, more productive,

                            technology-enabled, and scalable platforms. In this process, we will get a scale advantage.


                             In this case, we'll get some advantages coming out of the technology, and overall, our material

                          consumption hence improves. And also during this year, we have introduced barcoding in all

                           our 220 labs, which has also further helped us improve our material consumption percentages.


                     And the second thing that we mentioned, last year, we did not significantly add any new labs.

                       Our lab addition phase is over, I mean, a year back. In the coming year also, we are not planning

                               to add a high number of labs in the network. So these 2 things will definitely helping us to

                         improve the gross margins.


                     And the second question was about -- what you said? The Mumbai City volume side. I think it's

                              largely in line with the overall volume growth of the company. I mean, give or take 1% here and

                                there, that's the number that we see across the geographies. But of course, we see a much higher

                               patient volume growth on the northern part of the market for us, I mean, for this year, because

                             of the new acquisitions that we have done on that side. But otherwise, largely across the country,

                     we are getting stable and good patient volume growth across.


Kunal Thanvi:              Sure. And on the utilization of the lab's overall capacity?


Surendran Chemmenkotil: See, we talked the lab, what you call, productivity has gone up by 14% during this year, right,

                           because that's why we'll not add any more labs, and add more centers to feed them, the lab

                                 utilization goes up. See, all these labs are of different category. Some of them are big regional

                             reference labs.


                     Some of them are global labs. Some of them are satellite labs, and some of them are greenfield

                                labs. It's very difficult for us to give one unit as lab utilization per se in this business. So, I mean,

                     we can talk more about when we set up a lab, we are just starting fresh. And then, every year, if

                             the growth goes up by 14%, 15%, that's utilization growth that you can relate to.



                                 Page 15 of 17
[page 17]
                                                                           Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                                   May 14, 2026

Kunal Thanvi:           Got it. If I can squeeze 1 more question, that has to do with -- when we're talking about this

                             productivity improvement, the efficiency improvement, the use of technology, et cetera, et

                                cetera, from a longer-term perspective, meaning like 5 years, 10 years out, what kind of steady-

                                 state margins this business should have?


                         Because the kind of gross margin expansion that we have seen, what is -- at some stage, when

                             the expansion -- when most of the labs that we're adding today will get kind of utilized to an

                           optimal level, like this 27%, 28% EBITDA margin is the -- aspire to make -- or over a longer

                              period, margins can even move further if we don't chose to invest aggressively in the way we've

                        done in last few years?


Ameera Shah:              See, margins can keep expanding till the time you have operating leverage, right? I mean, as

                           long as you're able to keep growing the business and your cost growth is lower, you can keep

                          having operating leverage. But finally, I think when we are building a business, you look at it

                            not only from a short-term basis but also from a medium- and long-term basis, and keep

                             reinventing yourself and investing in strategic initiatives that allow you to build second and third

                         growth engines for the future.


                           So, maximizing the EBITDA may not, in our mind, be a smarter strategy. We believe a

                              sustainable EBITDA of 27% to 28% over the next 3 years makes sense for us. And if we are

                             able to generate more operating leverage, we would like to invest it back in the business, either

                               in terms of adding services or building the brand further, or building further distribution. That's

                             the direction we would like to go.


Moderator:             The next question is from the line of Kaustav Bubna from BMSPL.


Kaustav Bubna:            Previously, you mentioned that your growth in Tier 1 areas is less than in single digits. So, I

                         wanted to understand really because -- let's take Mumbai, for example, right? So, in Mumbai,

                         even a Tier 1 city, is broken down into different areas where consumption patterns would be

                               different because of the type of people with different income levels staying in those areas.


                           So, if you take Bombay, for example, right, and you say what would your expected growth rate

                         be in a place like Mumbai? And if you had to actually break that down between the areas of

                       Mumbai, like North, South, East and more Eastern area like the Kalyan side, etcetera, what

                        would you say Metropolis', how you call it, presence is in these areas? And how would the

                         growth rate differ in these different areas of Mumbai?


Surendran Chemmenkotil: See, Mumbai is our biggest market, as you know. We have about 500 service centers across

                       Mumbai, not only in the metropolitan area, but also spread into -- across even the outskirts of

                       Mumbai. So, we are present in whichever -- whether it's Kalyan or Borivali, or I mean, Virar,

                             Vasai, I mean, all areas we are spread across, and we keep increasing the network footprint in

                                 this area. So, this is a continuous process. And in Mumbai also, we are growing at 13%, 14%

                           kind of revenue growth on a year-on-year basis.


                                       It will be difficult for me to share further micro market segmentation of Mumbai and tell you

                     how much is the Kalyan growth, how much is the Thane growth. That will be very difficult for


                                 Page 16 of 17
[page 18]
                                                                           Metropolis Healthcare Limited
                                                                   May 14, 2026

                    me to share with you. But at an overall level, most parts of the Mumbai are growing at 13%,

                    14% kind of growth.


Ameera Shah:          And just to clarify, I think the Tier 1 growth is not single digit, but it's closer to 11%.


Moderator:                Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand the floor

                           over to the management for closing comments.


Ameera Shah:           Thank you to all for joining us today for the Q4 and the FY26 earnings call. We appreciate all

                             the engagement and all the questions. We've had quite a tremendous year, not only a year with

                           a strong organic growth, but a year of fundamental building, which has also helped us expand

                           our margins quite significantly, and also a year where we did four acquisitions and have not only

                           absorbed them but seamlessly integrated them into the business, realizing obviously a very fast

                         growth rate of about 23.6% for the whole year.


                 We are very, very excited and positive about the next 3 years, and we believe that via three or

                             four channels, or via three or four sort of pillars we will continue to build the business very

                              strongly. We are doubling down on technology. We are doubling down on building engagement

                           with our consumers and building the brand through experience, and doubling down on science

                         and really building the scientific foundation even stronger.


                           Obviously, all of this is going to be enabled by the right people, the right talent, and finally to

                                result in a commercially and a stronger business and a bigger business in the next few years to

                         come.


                           So, we continue to remain excited, and we look forward to meeting all of you soon. And we are

                           looking forward to actually planning a sort of day in our lab sometime in June or July. We'll

                      come back to a lot of you, where we would be very happy to host you, show you around, and

                         engage you even more deeply. Thank you so much.


Moderator:              Thank you very much. On behalf of Ambit Capital, that concludes this conference call. Thank

                        you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.





                                 Page 17 of 17