
[page 1]
Vimta Labs Limited
Registered Office
142, IDA Phase  II, Cherlapally
Hyderabad-500 051, Telangana, India
T: •91 40 27264141
F: ~91 40 2726 3657                                                                         Driven by Quality. Inspired by Science.         Vima
           VLL SE 086 2025 26
                 Date: 03.02.2026


              B S E Limited,                           National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
               P J Towers, Dalal Street,               “Exchange  Plaza”,  Bandra,  Kurla  Complex,
              Mumbai - 400001.                     Bandra (E), Murnbai — 400051.
                   Scrip Code: 524394                    Trading Symbol: VIMTALABS


              Dear Sir/Madam,

                Sub: Transcript of the FY/Q3-2025-26 earnings/investor call held on 28th January 2026.
                 Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.

                 Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the FY/Q3-2025-26 earnings/investor call held dn
               Wednesday, 28” January 2026.

                  Further, pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
                 Regulations, 2015 the aforesaid information  is available on the website of the Company  i.e.,
                  https://vjmta.corn/irivestor-earnjngs-call/

                This is for your information and necessary records

              Thanking you,

              For VIMTA LABS LIMITED
          SUJANI        DigitallySUJANI VASIREDDIsigned by
          VASIREDDI Date:19:34:082026.02.03+05'30'
                Sujani Vasireddi
            Company Secretary

              End: as above





       Plot No. 5, Life Sciences Facility, Neovantage Science & Technology Park Private Limited, Shamirpet Genome Valley, Turkapally
      Medchal-Malkajgiri, Hyderabad-500 101, Telangana, India. T: •91 4067404040 E: mdoffice@vimta.com URL    : www.vimta.com
                                               CIN: L24110TG1990PLC011977
[page 2]
              “Vimta Labs Limited

      Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call”

                  January 28, 2026





MANAGEMENT: MS. HARITA VASIREDDI – MANAGING DIRECTOR

            MR. SATYA SREENIVAS NEERUKONDA – EXECUTIVE
             DIRECTOR

            MR. SIVA RAMA KRISHNA – CHIEF FINANCIAL
             OFFICER

             MS. SUJANI VASIREDDI – COMPANY SECRETARY


MODERATOR:  MR. VISHAL MANCHANDA – SYSTEMATIX
              INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES





                                  Page 1 of 11
[page 3]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                                  January 28, 2026





Moderator:                Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Vimta Labs Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings

                          Conference Call hosted by Systematix Institutional Equities. As a reminder, all participant lines

                               will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after

                             the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal

                         an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference

                                    is being recorded.


                                    I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Manchanda from Systematix Institutional Equities.

                       Thank you, and over to you, sir.


Vishal Manchanda:       Thank you, Bhoomi. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, I

                       welcome you to the Q3 FY '26 Earnings Call of Vimta Labs. We thank the Vimta Labs'

                        management for giving us an opportunity to host the call.


                          Today, we have with us the senior management of the company represented by Ms. Harita

                             Vasireddi, Managing Director; Mr. Satya Sreenivas Neerukonda, Executive Director; Mr. Siva

                     Rama Krishna, Chief Financial Officer; and Ms. Sujani Vasireddi, Company Secretary.


                       Thank you, and over to you.


Siva Rama Krishna:       Yes. Thank you, Vishal. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to Q3 and 9 months FY

                              '26 Earnings Call of Vimta Labs Limited. Please note that the investor presentation and the

                               financial results are available on the company website and the stock exchanges. Also, anything

                              said on this call, which reflects our outlook for the future or which could be construed as a

                           forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company

                               faces.


                           This conference call is being recorded and the transcript, along with the audio of the same will

                         be made available on the website of the company as well as on the stock exchanges. Please also

                            note that the audio of the conference call is the copyright material of Vimta Labs Limited and

                           cannot be copied, rebroadcasted or attributed in the press or media without specific and written

                            consent of the company.


                      From the management, we have with us Ms. Harita Vasireddi, Managing Director; Mr. Satya

                            Sreenivas Neerukonda, Executive Director; Mr. Siva Rama Krishna Kambhampati, CFO;

                            myself; Ms. Sujani Vasireddi, Company Secretary.


                   Now I request Ms. Harita Vasireddi, Managing Director of Vimta Labs Limited to provide you
                           with the update for the quarter and 9 months ended 31st December 2025. Thank you, and over

                               to you, ma'am.


Harita Vasireddi:         Thank you, Siva. Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to the Q3 and 9 months FY '26

                            earnings call today. I will start with the business updates, and then our CFO will take over to

                             discuss the financial performance for the period ended 31st December 2025.



                                  Page 2 of 11
[page 4]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                                  January 28, 2026


                                    I would like to report that Vimta Labs has recorded a quarterly revenue of INR100.5 crores,

                          showcasing sustained momentum with a growth of 10.2% on a year-on-year basis. This growth

                                    is a result of the pharmaceutical and food testing services contributing majorly.


                     As innovation accelerates, quality norms become more stringent, the wellness sector continues

                               to expand and the demand for uncompromising product quality and safety continues to surge.

                        With a wide array and advanced testing capabilities and strong domain proficiency, Vimta is

                            well equipped to seize new growth opportunities in all our services.


                      Coming to discussing the services we provide in a little bit more detail. Our biggest contributor

                               to the revenue that is the pharmaceutical testing and research services. They continue to do well.

                         But I'd like to share that we saw some lag in booking clinical research orders during the quarter,

                         and we also faced certain unexpected operational challenges in the analytical services, which

                              resulted in some revenues getting deferred to next quarters.


                    On biologics contract research and development services, I would like to again inform that the

                          equipment procurement and the facility setup  is well on track, and we are confident of

                           commercializing these services by quarter 1 of next fiscal.


                       Our food testing division experienced good momentum during the quarter, and we will see

                         improved traction in the coming quarter with certain tailwinds in place.


                             In the Electricals & Electronics division, revenues have remained steady, and we continue to

                            focus on increasing our penetration into the market. From an operational standpoint, the

                                installation of second chamber in our life sciences facility for EMI/EMC testing is well on track.


                       The current chamber is running at 24/7, 80% - 85% utilization. Anchored by a strong scientific

                             operational base and encouraging market momentum, we are optimistic about driving continued

                         growth across our service offerings.


                        With this, I will now hand over the call back to Siva for a detailed discussion on the financials.

                       Thank you.


Siva Rama Krishna:      Thank you, Ms. Harita. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our Q3 and 9

                        months FY '26 earnings call today. I'll begin with an overview of our financial performance for

                             the quarter and 9 months ended December 31, 2025. After that, we'll open the floor for questions.


                          Before we move into the financials, I'd like to highlight that following the divestment of our

                            Diagnostic and Pathological services business announced on August 30, 2024, the figures for

                             the previous period have been regrouped to ensure a like-for-like comparison with the current

                               quarter. I'll start with the financial highlights for the quarter. Total income for Q3 FY '26 stood

                                 at INR1,005 million as compared to INR911 million in Q3 2025, a 10.2% growth on a year-on-

                            year basis.


                             Quarter-on-quarter has seen a slight decline of 3.9% when compared to Q3 FY '25. EBITDA

                            stood at INR344 million in Q3 FY '26 as compared to INR343 million in FY '25, up by almost

                       0.4% year-on-year. EBITDA margins for the quarter stood at 34.3% PAT in Q3 stood at INR176

                                  Page 3 of 11
[page 5]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                                  January 28, 2026


                             million as compared to INR175 million in Q3 FY '25, a growth of 0.4% year-on-year. PAT

                         margin for the quarter stood at 17.5%. Basic EPS in Q3 FY '26 was at INR3.96.


                      Coming to 9 months performance. Total income for 9 months FY '26 was at INR3,043 million

                             as compared to INR2,521 million in previous year. So it has grown up by almost 20.7% year-

                           on-year basis.


                    EBITDA for 9 months was at INR1,068 million as compared to INR915 million in FY '25, up

                        by almost 16.7% year-on-year. EBITDA margin stood at 35.1%. 9 months FY '26 PAT was at

                      INR564 million as compared to INR484 million in FY '25 with a 16.4% year-on-year growth.

                   PAT margin was at 18.5%. Basic EPS for 9 months was at 12.7%.


                                    I'd like you to note that pursuant to the implementation of the new labor laws from November

                            26, 2026, we have recognized an amount of INR1.6 crores as past service costs. Considering the

                          onetime nature of this impact, we had disclosed it under exceptional items in the P&L account.

                    On the balance sheet side, we continue to have a net debt-free balance sheet.


                        With that, we can now open the floor for Q&A. Thank you.


Moderator:              Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question

                        comes from the line of from Preet Jain from Niveshaay Investment Advisors.


Preet Jain:                    Sir, a couple of questions from my side. First being, regarding our growth outlook, could you

                            provide color on expected revenue trajectory for next 12 to 24 months? Specifically, how should

                     we think about the ramp-up time lines for your current available capacity? And at what stage do

                        you anticipate reaching peak utilization levels?


Harita Vasireddi:        The markets are very favorable in this industry, whether you take food testing or within the

                        pharma industry, be it preclinical research or clinical research, even the market for electronics

                                 testing. So the environment is very conducive for companies to do well in this sort of a growing

                            market.


                      Coming to Vimta, I think we have a good track record of 40 years, be it science or systems or

                           our business fundamentals, they're all pretty strong. So growth, we are very confident when it

                        comes to the near term and even the long term.


                     As such, we don't give any forward-looking statements with respect to numbers. So I will refrain

                         from doing that. I can just share my confidence on what we think would be a good growth future

                               for the company.


Preet Jain:                  In past communication, company set a revenue target of INR500 crores for current fiscal. So

                           given the numbers of 9 quarters are out, is that expectation still intact? Do you expect that quarter

                        4 will be a back-end surge to bridge the remaining gap to that target?


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes. Typically, H2 tends to be better than H1. Like I was mentioning in my opening remarks,

                              there were a couple of events that happened that coincided for us. And therefore, you see that

                                slight dip in quarter-on-quarter revenue. So we expect Q4 to be much better.


                                  Page 4 of 11
[page 6]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                                  January 28, 2026


                              That's been the trend. And so far, nothing says that we will not have a better Q4. Now are we

                          going to come to the run rate of INR125 crores, which is basically what I have been trying to

                              share. Maybe not, we may not touch that number, but I feel we'll not be disappointed with where

                     we land at by the end of the year.


Preet Jain:               Okay. One more question from my side. On the strategic shift towards CDMO and CRDMO,

                          can you give an update when these projects are coming into pipeline? And when can we expect

                             the revenues in Q1 FY '27, you told. So how much contribution can they provide to the top line?


Harita Vasireddi:         Next fiscal will be the maiden year for the biologics contract research and development services.

                       So maiden year, I don't think we should be really looking at how big the numbers will be. It's

                       more about going out there and picking up some clients who can trust us with their projects and

                              delivering them well so that we build confidence and good reputation with our first few projects.

                                    I think that's more important. We will be ready to commercialize by Q1. And hopefully, we will

                         have a project also, but I won't be able to say that now.


Moderator:              Our next question comes from the line of Disha from Sapphire Capital.


Disha:                    Yes. So you mentioned in your commentary that there were some operational challenges we

                              faced. So could you just elaborate a bit on what went wrong?


Harita Vasireddi:         Nothing went wrong. We are doing a lot of restructuring within our facilities to accommodate

                               for expansion of our analytical facilities. So there, I think there is some dependency on external

                            sources to help us do those modifications. So there, we experienced some unexpected delays.

                     And this has impacted the productivities of certain teams.


Disha:                   Okay. And I think you mentioned that there was some spillover of revenue into Q4. So what

                        would be the quantum of that, if you could just help?


Harita Vasireddi:          That is too nitty-gritty, and let's not get into that. I can just say that a couple of things happened

                              together, and therefore, you see that slight dip in revenues quarter-on-quarter.


Disha:                   Okay. But then  I think from Q4 onwards, we'll be back on our trajectory. Is that a fair

                          assumption?


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes.


Disha:                   Okay. All right. Okay. That's it from my side.


Moderator:              Our next question comes from the line of Santosh Keshri from SKK HUF.


Santosh Keshri:          So my question is about capex and the return on capital employed. So what we can see is that

                             the capex is on an increasing trend from 2, 3 years back from INR50 crores now to over the past

                                2, 3 years, it is more than INR70 crores.


                     And then the ROCE is something like getting not very regular at above 30%. So what could be

                             the reason behind it? Are we seeing some concern in the market landscape? Or there is some

                       work in progress and we can see the ROCE going up beyond 20% in the next few quarters?

                                  Page 5 of 11
[page 7]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                                  January 28, 2026


Harita Vasireddi:        So I think first on the capex spend, typically, in our industry, we invest what comes out of our

                             depreciation amount of the previous year. That is a minimum must because you don't want to be

                             technologically obsolete and you also need capacities to expand or grow your revenues because

                              things like equipment, you add on-the-go, you don't buy and keep those capacities idle unless

                        you are developing a new service.


                       So that's typically the capex spend, and we have been very much on target with that. The last

                           couple of years, if you have been following the company, you may know that we have done a

                                  lot of infrastructure capacity expansion. And also recently, we announced a foray into biologics,

                            formulation or process development services.


                       So that involved additional capex. So that's the reason you are seeing those additional numbers.

                      Coming to ROCE, I think we have some of the best in this TIC/CRO industry. I don't see a

                         problem there.


Santosh Keshri:           Okay. So are we saying that we can get back 20% kind of ROCE in the next few quarters? Or it

                        would be remaining under 20%?


Siva Rama Krishna:     ROCE that you are seeing in the presentation is for the period of 9 months, okay? So that is

                        compared for the full year in the previous period. Having said that, this as MD has just

                           mentioned, with the addition of biologics division, where we are spending and the revenues are

                              yet to come up. So there is a slight dip in the ROCE in current financial year. It will come back

                               to regular levels.


Santosh Keshri:           Okay.


Moderator:              Our next question comes from the line of Diksha from SP.


Diksha:                          I have 2 questions, ma'am. One, we had discussed in the past about the U.S. exposure, where I

                             believe you had mentioned that it was about 35% and exports and then 60% of that, which

                               effectively translates into 20% of the top line to U.S. So is that proportion remains the same, if

                                    I look at the top line contribution? And my second question...


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes, I think that has actually -- the export percentage has actually slightly gone up in Q3. So

                              exports, we are more or less doing good. In Q3, we have 39% export revenue.


Diksha:                    I'm sorry, can you repeat? I could not get it.


Harita Vasireddi:         Almost 39% of our income is from exports, which is actually better than the first half of the year.


Diksha:                  Okay. And out of 39%, what would be U.S. export, ma'am?


Harita Vasireddi:         About maybe 60% is from U.S.


Diksha:                 So that proportion, you mean?


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes, yes.


                                  Page 6 of 11
[page 8]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                                  January 28, 2026


Diksha:                     Sure. And second question, ma'am, on this top line guidance, I did not follow. Are we sort of

                                       still more or less aligned with that INR500 crores top line for the next year or that may be sort

                             of revised?


Harita Vasireddi:         No, no. Next year, we're definitely aligned.


Diksha:                 So next year annual target still remains INR500 crores?


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes. Like I said, I don't give out forward-looking statements with respect to numbers. But since

                                 this 2025-'26 was a goal we took almost 5, 6 years ago when we even had diagnostics. So that's

                      when we said we'll share this vision with the market because it's always good to share long-term

                            plans so that you understand what we are working towards. Otherwise, it's -- we don't normally

                              issue forward-looking guidances on numbers.


Diksha:                  Okay. And any plans on inorganic ma'am because there are a lot of opportunities in the market

                               for this new line of business typically where it is a lot of unorganized players are there who are

                              trying to sort of get exit. Are we looking at that inorganic mode of growth? Or we are strictly

                             no, no?


Harita Vasireddi:           In principle, we do believe that the future would have some sort of inorganic component with

                            regards to our growth. But is there anything on the cards right away, I would say no.


Diksha:                  Okay. That's helpful, ma'am.


Harita Vasireddi:         Welcome.


Moderator:              Our next question is from the line of Mr. Vishal Manchanda from Systematix Institutional

                              Equities.


Vishal Manchanda:       Ma'am, in your opening comments, you hinted that there was still some positive traction on the

                          food front that you are witnessing, and we'll probably see good numbers from next quarter. Can

                        you share some color on are there any positive regulatory developments there?


Harita Vasireddi:         No, food tends to be seasonal business and Q4 is typically the quarter which does the highest

                        numbers in the whole year. So that's why I mentioned tailwinds because in Q4, you generally

                            see that seasonal benefit.


Vishal Manchanda:         Right, right. While there are no important regulatory changes happening in this space that can

                            help a lot...


Harita Vasireddi:          Quite a few are happening. They are continuously happening. So a lot of effort is being put to

                            continuously expand our scope under the NABL certification also. So that is actually a good

                             thing for the laboratory, and these are continuously happening. We can't say there is any major

                            one, but small, small ones, they are the ones that add more and more testing revenue for the

                               laboratories.


Vishal Manchanda:       Okay. And second one, on the clinical trial research space, have we been able to kind of get

                       more clinical trial research projects?

                                  Page 7 of 11
[page 9]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                                  January 28, 2026


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes. Like I mentioned, I think even in the previous call, we are already working on a couple of

                       more projects.


Vishal Manchanda:       Okay. So we have initiated these projects, the new projects that we have got?


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes. One is on its way and the other one is under initiation.


Vishal Manchanda:       Okay. So we will see the impact going forward in subsequent quarters?


Harita Vasireddi:      A small portion of our revenues because it's just a year since we started. So even if it was doing

                              well, the impact on the overall top line will still be very, very small. So I wouldn't attribute any

                         growth in the previous quarters to clinical trials. It's yet to become significant for us.


Vishal Manchanda:       Okay. So just some clarity here on the how many parts -- so these are the Phase III trials, right?

                          Unlike bioequivalence trial, which are different. These are larger Phase III trials and probably -

                                    - they affect you more revenues than bioequivalence trials. Is that the correct understanding?


Harita Vasireddi:          Again, depends, some -- what we have done already are our Phase II trials. Phase III, we are yet

                               to do any. But it could be different kinds of trials. The population size can vary as small as 60,

                        90 subjects. The bigger  trials, which are in hundreds of crores could have much bigger

                             populations. So here, the variation is very high.


Vishal Manchanda:       Okay. So you take the entire ownership of the trial or you basically help the sponsor conduct

                                that trial for them?


Harita Vasireddi:         No, we do the entire trial for them.


Vishal Manchanda:       Okay. So basically, the sponsor will be Vimta Labs. If I kind of go and do a clinical trial search,

                        Vimta Labs should be the sponsor name in those trials?


Harita Vasireddi:         No, sponsor is the customer.


Vishal Manchanda:       Okay. Okay. So will your name figure up in the clinical trial?


Harita Vasireddi:         No, I don't think so.


Vishal Manchanda:       Okay. Okay.


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes.


Vishal Manchanda:        Like in some trials, I could see like IQVIA names, IQVIA being the sponsor, while the drug is

                       owned by a company, but the IQVIA is a sponsor there of the trial?


Harita Vasireddi:             I think I'll have to then reconfirm, yes?


Vishal Manchanda:       Okay. Okay. And just final one on the biologics front, any direction you would like to give in

                             the next 3, 4 years, how do you expect this business to shape up? Can this be like one of your

                              large verticals in the overall business?


                                  Page 8 of 11
[page 10]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                                  January 28, 2026


Harita Vasireddi:             I think it's too soon for me to comment on it. We should go through a year and see how we are

                            able to navigate in this market. Let me -- allow me to come back to you maybe after a year on

                                   this.


Harita Vasireddi:               It does have the potential.


Vishal Manchanda:       So is it fair to say like a single biosimilar project would probably be much larger in terms of the

                            value size? Like if you get a customer on board for a biosimilar project, your -- the potential

                           revenue size of that single project should be typically larger than other projects that you would

                         have on the analytical side?


Harita Vasireddi:       When it comes to the biologics -- Yes sure go ahead...


Satya Neerukonda:        Yes. It depends, Vishal, at what stage are we on-boarding the projects. Biologics, we do multiple

                              services for any biologics, biosimilars and peptides. One  is  analytical  services, one  is

                               characterization, one is on the clinical side.


                 We do preclinical studies and the new one which we are starting now is the formulation

                          development service. If someone is only -- someone already has developed the process and he

                           has some challenges in the process, he's only looking for troubleshooting and all, the project size

                     may be a little smaller than if you get the full project.


                               Let's say, he already has a clone, which they have developed or they have secured a licensed

                              clone. And from there, all the way up to the process up to the pilot scale development. So these

                             are larger projects, right?


                       So it depends on what is the amount of exposure is on that particular project to us. But definitely,

                                    I mean, if you get the full scale, let's say, like what we are setting up here up to 20 liters, 50

                                     liters. So as the scale increases, the price -- I mean, the project size or the project value also

                               increases.


Vishal Manchanda:      And we have capabilities across all the segments in place. We will not need to hire neither from

                           a -- like you have human -- you have personnels and you also have equipment both...


Satya Neerukonda:     We have human, yes, the team is on board. The equipment are on board. The site is ready now.

                    Up to the process level, lab scale, we are ready. Then the next scale up would be maybe after a

                            year once we see how this traction builds up in the market.


Vishal Manchanda:       Got it, sir. That's all from my side.


Moderator:              Our next question comes from the line of Tanay Malpani, an Individual Investor.


Tanay Malpani:              First of all, I would like to congratulate the team that we have become a significant name in the

                  CRTO industry. So I have 2 questions. One question is on the line of the EBITDA margins. So

                     we are maintaining a very healthy EBITDA margin from financial year 2023. So do we expect

                             the momentum to continue in terms of margins?



                                  Page 9 of 11
[page 11]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                                  January 28, 2026


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes. These EBITDA margins, I always say plus/minus 1% or 2%, they are -- they will be

                           maintained in at least the near term.


Tanay Malpani:          Okay. And there is a trend of an increase in the use of AI, which is significantly boosting the

                    EBITDA margins for various companies. So in our field, do we see the use of AI?


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes. We work with a lot of technologies and all these technology companies have already built

                                 their AI components into these technologies, which we have been using for quite some time. In

                             addition to that, Vimta has set on a digital transformation path almost 5 years ago.


                       So we have our own in-house digital transformation team that keeps working on our processes

                               to make them more efficient and also help scale up the processes. So this is a continuous activity,

                         and that's picking up a lot of momentum for us, especially last year. We expect to see a lot more

                             of this happening in the next year in our laboratories.


Tanay Malpani:          Okay. So we can expect further improvement in margins?


Harita Vasireddi:          Margins, there is a plus side and the minus side also. On one side, we are definitely pushing our

                                efficiencies, which is helping -- the cost of -- the escalation in cost of manpower and also some

                             input material. We use a lot of chemicals, reagents, standards, columns. So on that side, there is

                           a continuous escalation in prices.


                       Manpower, like in any other industry, even we have been severely impacted with the rise in

                                costs, especially post-COVID. But all these years, we have been able to successfully neutralize

                                that by countering it with more efficiencies in our workflows.


Tanay Malpani:          Okay. And relating to manpower, there is an increasing competition in the CRO landscape

                                specifically. So is there any manpower attrition or we are just in line?


Harita Vasireddi:      We are on par with the industry, I would say, but is the attrition low? No, attrition is quite high

                             across the industry. And it looks like now that's going to be the norm.


Tanay Malpani:          Okay. So hopefully, we are able to retain the key managerial positions?


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes. We are able to retain people who are key and critical for the sustainability of science and

                         growth within the organization.


Tanay Malpani:          Okay. And my next question is regarding the CRTO landscape that we are in the top 5 positions

                               in almost all of the segments we have put our foot in. But in the electronics and electricals

                           segment, how do we plan to get that status? Because there are several sectoral tailwinds there,

                            but how can we capitalize on that? Is there any plan in line?


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes, we have already doubled our capacity this year for electronics and electricals testing

                               division. So the growth is as per our expectation. Here, just like in the food industry, you need

                       more testing centers because typically, customers tend to prefer feasibility because if you're

                                 testing, for example, a drone or if you're testing an electrical vehicle, very unlikely that you will

                            bring your vehicle all the way from Pune to test it in Hyderabad.


                                 Page 10 of 11
[page 12]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                                  January 28, 2026


                       So there are such constraints in this industry. We have filled a gap that existed, especially in the

                        Hyderabad region. So our majority of business comes from defense. And some of you may

                        know, Hyderabad is a good home for a lot of OEMs that supply to the defense sector.


                       So that's a gap that we were able to come in and quickly fill. And we were touching our capacities

                        on the EMI/EMC testing. Therefore, we added one more chamber, which came -- which got

                              qualified in the last quarter itself. Going forward, to keep continuing to grow this business, we

                        would have to open up more laboratories. That's the way to grow this business.


Tanay Malpani:          Okay. That's all from my side.


Moderator:              Our next question comes from the line of Aditya Chheda from InCred Asset Management.


Aditya Chheda:       My question is on the employee expense and other expense. While they are flat sequentially, if

                     we see it as a part of investments/expenses growth for the Q3 and 9 months, is it related to the

                      new facility and whether some of these investments are ahead of the revenues, etc.? Since the

                       Y-o-Y growth in both of these segments is higher than the revenue growth, we would like to

                               better understand the nature of investments or increase in expenses in both employee and other

                           expenses?


Harita Vasireddi:         Employee expenses, like you said, it's flat. As a percentage, it's slightly higher because of the

                                slight dip in the top line. So there is nothing significantly that has grown there. Other expenses,

                              yes, we are increasing our marketing efforts overseas. So there will be some additional expense

                        on account of this in the coming quarters as well.


Siva Rama Krishna:      And facility expenses that we have added recently.


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes. That's a large facility that we added. So there will be additional expense coming from there

                             as well.


Aditya Chheda:            Well, noted.


Moderator:             As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to management

                               for closing comments.


Harita Vasireddi:          Thanks, everyone, for joining the call, and thank you for the nice questions. I want to thank you

                         and Vishal and Systematix and the host for hosting this call. Thank you, and have a pleasant

                            evening. Bye-bye.


Siva Rama Krishna:       Thanks, Vishal. Thanks, Bhoomi.


Moderator:              Thank you. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank

                        you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.





                                   (This document was edited for readability purpose.)


                                 Page 11 of 11