
[page 1]
Vimta Labs Limited
Registered Office
142, IDA Phase  II, Cherlapally
Hyderabad-500 051, Telangena, India
T: +91 40 27264141
F: ~91 40 2726 3657                                                                         Driven by QualIty. Inspired by Science.           Vimta

             VLL\SE\070\2025 26
                 Date: 10.11.2025


             B S E limited,                           National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
               P J Towers, DaIal Street,               “Exchange  Plaza”,  Bandra,  Kurla  Complex,
             Mumbai - 400001.                     Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400051.
                   Scrip Code: 524394                    Trading Symbol: VIMTALABS


              Dear Sir/Madam,

               Sub: Transcript of the FY/Q2-2025-26 earnings/investor call held on 03~ November 2025.
                 Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.

                 Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the FY/Q2-2025-26 earnings/investor call held on
              Monday, O3~ November 2025.

                 Further, pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement
                 Regulations, 2015 the aforesaid information  is available on the website of the Company  i.e.,
                https://vimta.comlinvestor-earnings-call/

                This is for your information and necessary records.

              Thanking you,

              For VIMTA LABS LIMITED
         SUJANI       DigitallySUJANI VASIREDDIsigned by
         VASIREDDI Date: 2025.11.10                                     13:34:23 +05'30'
                Sujani Vasireddi
           Company Secretary

              End: as above.





       Plot No. 5, Life Sciences Facility, Neovantage Science & Technology Park Private Limited, Shamirpet Genome Valley, Turkapally
      Medchal-Malkajgiri, Hyderabad-500 101, Telangana, India. T: +91 4067404040 E: mdoffice@vimta.com URL  www.vimta.com
                                                CIN: L24110TG1990PLC011977
[page 2]
              “Vimta Labs Limited

      Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call”

              November 03, 2025





MANAGEMENT: MS. HARITA VASIREDDI – MANAGING DIRECTOR

            MR. SATYA SREENIVAS NEERUKONDA – EXECUTIVE
             DIRECTOR

            MR. SIVA RAMA KRISHNA – CHIEF FINANCIAL
             OFFICER

             MS. SUJANI VASIREDDI – COMPANY SECRETARY


MODERATOR:  MR. VISHAL MANCHANDA – SYSTEMATIX
              INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES





                                  Page 1 of 16
[page 3]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                         November 03, 2025





Moderator:                Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY '26 Earnings Call for Vimta Labs

                            Limited, hosted by Systematix Institutional Equities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be

                               in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the

                             presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an

                             operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is

                           being recorded.


                                    I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Manchanda. Thank you, and over to you, sir.


Vishal Manchanda:       Thank you, Sasha. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, I

                       welcome you to the Q2 FY '26 earnings call of Vimta Labs. We thank the Vimta management

                               for giving us an opportunity to host the call. Today, we have with us the senior management of

                             the company represented by Ms. Harita Vasireddi, Managing Director; Mr. Satya Sreenivas

                          Neerukonda, Executive Director; Mr. Siva Rama Krishna, Chief Financial Officer; and Ms.

                            Sujani Vasireddi, Company Secretary.


                                             I'll now hand over the call to the company management for opening remarks. Over to you, sir.


Siva Rama Krishna:      Thank you, moderator. Good evening, and a warm welcome, everyone, to Q2 and H1 FY '26

                            earnings call of Vimta Labs Limited. Please note that the investor presentation and the financial

                                results are available on the company website and the stock exchanges. Also, anything said on

                                 this call, which reflects our outlook for the future or which could be construed as a forward-

                           looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces.


                       The conference call is being recorded, and the transcript along with audio of the same will be

                      made available on the website of the company as well as on the stock exchanges. Please also

                            note that the audio of the conference call is the copyright material of Vimta Labs Limited and

                           cannot be copied, rebroadcasted or attributed in the press or media without specific and written

                           consent of the company.


                      From the management, we have with us Ms. Harita Vasireddi, Managing Director; Mr. Satya

                            Sreenivas Neerukonda, Executive Director; Mr. Siva Rama Krishna Kambhampati, Chief

                             Financial Officer; Ms. Sujani Vasireddi, Company Secretary.


                   Now I request Ms. Harita Vasireddi, Managing Director of Vimta Labs Limited, to provide you

                           with the updates for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 2025. Thank you, and over

                               to you, ma'am.


Harita Vasireddi:         Thank you, Siva. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining our Q2 and H1 financial year

                               '26 earnings call today. We will start with a brief business update, and then our CFO will take

                                  Page 2 of 16
[page 4]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                         November 03, 2025


                           over to discuss the financial highlights for the period ended 30th September 2025. I'm very

                             delighted to share that Vimta Labs has recorded highest ever quarter 3 sales revenue crossing a

                       mark of INR100 crores with INR104.5 crores, making an upward shift of 22.3% on a year-on-

                            year basis. This growth is a result of hard work by the entire Vimta team.


                           Pharmaceutical research and testing and food testing services are the major contributors to

                           revenue growth, and these services continued to perform well in this quarter as well, while

                              electronics and  electrical  testing and  environmental  testing  services  maintained  steady

                           performance. With the technological advancements, tightening quality norms and the rapid

                          growth of the wellness sector, the spotlight on product quality and safety has never been stronger.


                         Equipped with the cutting-edge testing infrastructure and deep domain expertise, Vimta stands

                           ready to harness emerging opportunities across pharmaceuticals, nutraceuticals, food testing,

                                etcetera. Our pharmaceutical testing services continued to demonstrate strong performance this

                               quarter, driven by sustained demand from both the domestic and international clients. We are

                        happy to report that the clinical research division went through a successful WHO audit,

                               reflecting our commitment to maintain strong quality and compliance in our operations.


                       Our food testing division experienced good growth during the quarter. The electrical and

                              electronics division delivered a stable performance. We have commenced operations with the

                     new testing chamber installed at our life sciences facility. With this capacity expansion, we are

                           ready to drive growth from this segment as well in the coming quarters.


                        With respect to our biologics contract research and development services, I wish to update that

                             the project is on schedule. Majority of the equipment and important vehicles have been ordered.

                       The facility will be ready by the end of third quarter, post which we will take up qualifications

                            of the area and equipment. So at this point of time, we are confident of commercializing these

                              services by Q1 of financial year 2027.


                        With this, I would like to hand over back the call to Siva for him to discuss the financials.


Siva Rama Krishna:      Thank you, Ms. Harita. A very good evening once again, everyone. We appreciate you taking

                             the time to join our Q2 and H1 financial year 2025-'26 earnings call. I will begin by presenting

                         an overview of our financial performance for the quarter and half year ended September 30,

                           2025.


                          Following that, we will open the session for questions. Before discussing the financials, I'd like

                               to specify that in light of the divestment of our diagnostics and pathological services business

                         announced on August 30, 2024, the figures for the previous period have been regrouped to enable

                           a like-for-like comparison with the current quarter.


                                    I will start with the financial highlights for the quarter. Total income for Q2 FY '26 stood at

                        INR1,045 million as compared to INR854 million in Q2 FY '25, up by 22.3% year-on-year.

                    EBITDA stood at INR369 million in Q2 FY '26 as compared to INR306 million in Q2 FY '25,

                        up by 20.6% year-on-year. EBITDA margins for the quarter stood at 35.3%.



                                  Page 3 of 16
[page 5]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                         November 03, 2025


                                Profit after tax in Q2 FY '26 stood at INR199 million as compared to INR170 million in Q2 FY

                                 '25, a growth of 17.1% year-on-year. PAT margins for the quarter stood at 19.1%. Basic EPS in

                    Q2 FY '26 was INR4.5. Coming to half yearly performance, total income for H1 FY '26 was at

                        INR2,038 million as compared to INR1,610 million in H1 FY '25, up by 26.6% year-on-year.


                    EBITDA for H1 FY '26 was INR723 million as compared to INR572 million in H1 FY '25, up

                        by 26.4% year-on-year. EBITDA margin stood at 35.5%. H1 FY '26 PAT was at INR388 million

                             as compared to INR309 million in H1 FY '25, up by 25.5% year-on-year. PAT margin was at

                       19%. Basic EPS in H1 FY '26 was INR8.7.


                    On the balance sheet side, we continue to have net debt-free balance sheet with cash and cash

                              equivalents, including bank balances of INR545 million. With that, we can now open the floor

                               for Q&A. Thank you.


Moderator:              The first question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital.


Darshil Jhaveri:            Congratulations on a good set of numbers, sir. I just wanted to know that we've crossed the

                      INR100 crores quarterly run rate, sir. So any kind of guidance that you would like to give for

                                 this year or next in terms of revenue and margins?


Harita Vasireddi:      We don't issue any forward-looking numbers.


Darshil Jhaveri:          So I'm saying that, okay, now we've reached INR100 crores run rate. So now going forward,

                               will we have any capacity constraint? Or how would we ensure that our growth momentum

                            continues that -- because you're investing in capex, right? So how will that kick in? And what

                           kind of an asset turnover do we expect from the new capacities?


Harita Vasireddi:          There are no capacity constraints that we envisage for the immediate future. Recently, we have

                            taken up expansion of the infrastructure. So the infrastructure  is available. The required

                             resources in terms of manpower and equipment will be added as we are able to grow our revenue.


Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Thadavarthi Sai Surendra, an Individual Investor.


Thadavarthi Sai Surendra: My name is Sai Surendra. I'm retail investor. Congratulations to the management for the strong

                    Q2 performance and the steady growth in momentum. My question is, which service line will

                            support higher growth in the next quarter, pharma testing or clinical service line or electrical

                                 testing. And as the exploration is completed and biological work is processing, can we expect

                          even better growth for Q3 or Q4 financial year '26?


Harita Vasireddi:         The growth we expect to continue from the pharmaceutical research and testing services and

                          food services. These two anyway make up the larger portion of our revenue pie.


Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Aditya Chheda from InCred Asset Management.


Aditya Chheda:                I have 2 questions. First is if you can elaborate on the utilization of the Phase 1 of the new

                             capacity and the status of the Phase 2 of our new facility any commercialization timelines that

                        you would want to share?


                                  Page 4 of 16
[page 6]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                         November 03, 2025


                     And my second question is on the other expenses where we've seen a slight bump. If you want

                               to elaborate any nature of expenses perhaps maybe related to starting of the new facility, etcetera.

                                    If you can comment on the nature of these expenses, that would be helpful. These are the 2

                              questions.


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes. Coming to the first one about utilization, the new facilities that we have created, they are

                          occupied and already commercialized. So we have built these capacities for a long time -- a long

                              period. So even going into the next few years, we think as of now that these expanded capacities

                               will suffice and will support the growth that we wish to pursue for the organization.


                     And coming to utilization in the Phase 1, there also, I think since we have built the Phase 2,

                       some spaces have opened up there, but every space is more or less earmarked for the kind of

                                activity that we wish to take up. And these spaces, we will start using from Q1 of next financial

                               year.


                      Coming to the little spike in other expenses, I think the spike you see is because of the additional

                                 travel, we are infusing some energies into the business development overseas. So there, you see

                           a little spike in expenses and probably some -- that's all.


Siva Rama Krishna:       These are regular fixed costs that we are incurring, especially increased because of additional

                 BD efforts that we are putting in.


Aditya Chheda:          Got it. So if I have to attribute any number to utilization of Phase 1, it should be adequately

                                utilized at this point of time. And only when Phase 2 comes online, we will see some step growth

                               in revenue, if that understanding is correct?


Harita Vasireddi:             I wish to correct that. Phase 2 also is underutilization, not the entire facility that we have created,

                            but we have already begun using 50% to 60% of the additional space that we have created.


Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Veer Vadera from Niveshaay.


Veer Vadera:         We started with the clinical services not long ago, and we also in previous calls have mentioned

                        on the strong pipeline on this side of services. And with the other expenses going up and you

                          mentioning that it is majorly for business development purposes. So if you can maybe highlight

                       more on the -- our pipeline, our conversion and when do we foresee maybe newer customers or

                         newer orders on the clinical side? And anything on this, if you can comment?


Harita Vasireddi:        Can you take that, Sreenu?


Satya Sreenivas Neerukonda: Yes. So clinical business is not new for us. We have been doing clinical for the last 33 years

                        now. But what we were doing earlier was mainly healthy volunteer studies. What we initiated 4

                             years back is doing studies in patient population, which is being done in the hospital setups. And

                              hospital setup does not require any major capex from our side. It is off-site. So it's mainly having

                             the team in place and some regulatory software, which is also now available as a service model.

                       So we don't anticipate a lot of capital getting in there.




                                  Page 5 of 16
[page 7]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                         November 03, 2025


Veer Vadera:           And sir, from the presentation, we have incurred almost around INR47 crores capex outlay for

                                 this quarter. So maybe if you can give some color on -- because previously, our capex was

                              bifurcated into maybe 3 portion like infrastructure and equipment. So how much of this INR46

                               crores, INR47 crores is spent on equipment funding?


Siva Rama Krishna:         Sir, I just want to correct one thing. The INR47 crores of outflow is not for the quarter, that is

                               for the half year.


Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Vishal Manchanda from Systematix Institutional Equities.


Vishal Manchanda:     My question is with respect to the capex that we are doing. So is this -- can you kind of -- while

                        you would have done this earlier, but I still need some clarity in like how much you are spending

                        on each vertical. So how much on pharma analytics, how much on biologics, how much on

                                 clinical research? So if you could break that up?


Harita Vasireddi:           That's very granular information. Please excuse me, but I won't be able to share that.


Vishal Manchanda:        Okay. But if you could directionally tell where is the largest capex going among the verticals?


Harita Vasireddi:      We have expanded our capacities in pharmaceuticals, food, electrical and electronic testing. So

                          capex has been spent on all these 3 verticals.


Vishal Manchanda:        Okay. And while we kind of spend on this -- spend on capex, so is it with visibility that we spend

                        on or you have some kind of client contracts that you back up this capex with?


Harita Vasireddi:        Some capex is inherent to the capacities that we have added. Like, for example, if you have a

                              building, you will need to spend on the equipment associated with the new space that is created,

                       some of it. Some of it is, of course, because we have the visibility of the pipelines. So there is a

                            play of both here.


Vishal Manchanda:        Okay. Any update on the JNPT project? Is there a further traction there? And have we reached

                         where we need to be there?


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes. I would say we have reached where we were expecting to be there.


Vishal Manchanda:        Okay. So probably we'll not see any further growth from JNPT?


Harita Vasireddi:        As of now, I don't have any such information.


Vishal Manchanda:        Okay. With respect to exports, so last quarter, it was 30%. So is the growth largely -- so is more

                            of growth coming from exports or it is coming from the domestic markets for Vimta?


Harita Vasireddi:          Both.


Vishal Manchanda:       So the ratio remains -- exports would still be 30% and domestic 70%?


Harita Vasireddi:          Exports have gone up slightly by, I think, a couple of percent in this quarter.



                                  Page 6 of 16
[page 8]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                         November 03, 2025


Vishal Manchanda:        Okay. Okay. And with respect to the biologics business that we are foraying into, we'll be doing

                                 cell line development. Is that right? Or we'll not be doing the cell line development?


Harita Vasireddi:      We are having the capabilities being built in to do even cell line development. So any portion of

                             the large molecule development, we are putting in place the capabilities.


Vishal Manchanda:        Okay. And you also have capabilities on analytical part?


Harita Vasireddi:          That we already have.


Vishal Manchanda:      You already have those capabilities.


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes.


Vishal Manchanda:      And there are -- there is a guideline that the U.S. FDA has recently issued draft guidelines

                            regarding approving biosimilars without clinical trials, only analytical testing would suffice. So

                        would we have the entire capabilities to kind of do the full package of analytical testing? And is

                                           it different for each biologic or they are broadly the same for all biologics?


Harita Vasireddi:      We have the capability broadly for most of the requirements with respect to analytical. Some

                           could be very product specific. So if that is the case, we can always onboard those technologies.

                         But we have been having analytical capabilities for more than 7 years, 8 years now.


Vishal Manchanda:       But do we have like relevant kind of experience in terms of servicing clients on those capabilities

                         and our analytical studies going to the regulator?


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes, yes. The team is very experienced.


Vishal Manchanda:       Even on the biologics front.


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes.


Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Veer Vadera from Niveshaay.


Veer Vadera:             For the follow up, around maybe from whatever the capex which we had incurred and we are

                              anticipating maybe exit run rate for this financial year for maybe around INR500 crores kind of

                                exit run rate which we are targeting. Given the current business environment, maybe due to

                                   tariffs and all the situation, would we want to reconsider our guidance or anything maybe you

                        would like to comment?


Harita Vasireddi:      We are still sticking to that goal that we have taken for ourselves. The tariff situations, I think,

                              are more or less stabilized now unless something dramatically changes. That's the number that

                     we are still targeting and pushing for.


Veer Vadera:             Got it -- and ma'am, like for the business split, which we are mentioning that maybe exports

                         have gone up a bit. So on the domestic front, like is it -- what sort of challenges are we currently

                             facing maybe for the segment geographically not to maybe grow to that extent?



                                  Page 7 of 16
[page 9]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                         November 03, 2025


Harita Vasireddi:           Sreeni, you want to take that?


Satya Neerukonda:        Yes, I will take. Can you just repeat your question? Your voice broke while finishing the

                              question.


Veer Vadera:            So I wanted to know more on the analytics because even in the pharma analytical as majority of

                           our revenue is coupled with preclinical and clinical. But on the domestic business front, maybe

                                       if you can throw some light on the business environment as of now?


                           Like are we facing any challenges because even in the regulatory bodies, there have been some

                          changes where maybe only maybe pre-COVID, not post-COVID, only onetime analytical testing

                                    is to be done. So there have been some regulatory changes also which have been maybe affecting

                           our business. So I wanted to know more on this side of things, like how has the business

                          environment been domestically?


                        Are we facing any challenges maybe due to the regulatory bodies or any changes in regulations?

                                    If you can comment on that and maybe give some outlook on the near future, how do we see

                             things to evolve from here? That will be really helpful.


Satya Neerukonda:        Yes. So as such, there is no regulation change that we know of. Pre-COVID or post-COVID, the

                              regulations remain the same. So that is not impacting anything either for the manufacturing

                           segment, R&D segment or for the testing segment. So nothing has changed as of now.


                     And the landscape is good. I mean, the companies are getting more into complex product

                           development, biologics, peptides, a lot of manufacturing for these products is now happening in

                               India. There are some big MNCs who have set up big fill/finish centers in the Bangalore region,

                         Hyderabad region, Bombay region. So outsourcing  business in general is good for these

                           segments.


                     And as this is happening, testing requirements increase as fill/finish is done at a their or third

                             party site and for testing, they need independent laboratories. So in general, pharma is growing.

                                    I mean there is no slowdown or anything of that sort. And India being a very big generic player,

                           so there's no noticeable impact.


Harita Vasireddi:        Can we have the next question, please?


Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Aditya Chheda from InCred Asset Management.


Aditya Chheda:          Can you talk more about the strategic expansion in the biologics segment, if you can lay some

                           outlook for the same? And if you can call out the capex estimate number for '26-'27, that would

                         be helpful.


Harita Vasireddi:         The capex that we have planned for biologics this year, we are expecting an outlay of around

                      INR25 crores, maybe a similar amount around that range for next year as well. And the strategy

                                    is to basically integrate all the services that we have, which is right from preclinical to clinical

                             research and  the  entire  analytical component and backward  integrate  it  to formulation

                          development for the biologics.


                                  Page 8 of 16
[page 10]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                         November 03, 2025


                       So we have all the content pieces, which are more expensive part of the development process.

                       The idea is to, with this backward integration, one-stop provider for our customers. That's the

                             basic strategy.


Aditya Chheda:             Right. And can you call out the total company-level capex estimate that you would have planned

                               for '26, '27?


Harita Vasireddi:            '26, '27, I don't yet have the company numbers. Biologics, we know we are going to spend over

                           a period of 2 years, and that's why I have that breakup. But I will have capex numbers for next

                            year only around March time.


Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Samir Palod from AUM Fund Advisors LLP.


Samir Palod:               I'm a little new to the company. Is it possible to just give us a steer on the revenue breakup

                         between the 4 verticals, even just broad numbers, which is the -- I understand pharma is, but just

                         what is number 1, 2, 3, 4 for you?


Harita Vasireddi:         Pharma is number one, wherein we offer preclinical research services, clinical research services

                         and analytical research and testing services. So that's...


Samir Palod:           And how much would that be of the total revenues approximately?


Harita Vasireddi:               It will be around 65% of the total revenue.


Samir Palod:             Okay.


Harita Vasireddi:        And then food comes next. This is around 20%, food testing.


Samir Palod:             Okay.


Harita Vasireddi:        And remainder two services are quite small. We call them environmental testing services and

                              electronics testing. So they are the remainder.


Samir Palod:             Environment and electronics are the smaller ones. And from a margin perspective, overall

                       company level is 35%. Would like pharma and food be significantly higher and electronics and

                          environment be slightly lower? Would that be a fair understanding?


Harita Vasireddi:        More or less, I think they're all fairly close to each other, except barring maybe environment

                         where the margins are not that great. But otherwise, the margins are more or less similar because

                              there is a mix of services in all these verticals. There are some low-margin services, there are

                       some very good margin services. And because of this mix, we are able to see the numbers close

                               to each other from all these verticals.


Samir Palod:            So margins are fairly similar across the verticals,  it would be fair to say, except maybe

                           environment, but which is very small.


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes, more or less, yes.



                                  Page 9 of 16
[page 11]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                         November 03, 2025


Samir Palod:             Okay. And just if you would like to fast forward the next 2, 3 years, where would you see the

                     maximum growth coming from in these verticals, be it pharma, both preclinical and clinical and

                          food and electronics and environment -- just directionally, which would which do you think

                        would grow the fastest?


Harita Vasireddi:             I think when you look at the market, the growth rates of all these sectors is around 7.5% to

                          around 9%. So given that the numbers are close there, we also think that all these services will

                       grow well, more or less at the same speed, but some services occupy a large portion of our pie.


                      Maybe smaller percentages for those bigger revenue pie will be bigger growth rate -- sorry,

                            bigger absolute numbers. Environment, I don't think we will see any great growth rate. But the

                             other 3, pharma, food and electronics, they all should grow well.


Samir Palod:              Understood. So if the sector is growing at 9% and you've grown quite consistently at 20%, 25%,

                         what does that mean? Does that mean that you're taking away market share? If you can also talk

                           about the competitive landscape?


Harita Vasireddi:          Yes. For some services, probably we are taking away market share from others. But for us, when

                     we are looking at overseas market, that's new business for us. That is also somebody else's

                          market share, but we would call that new business for us, overseas business.


Samir Palod:            So who would typically be your overseas competitors from whom you are gaining market share

                         and a few players in India that you compete with? That will be my last question.


Harita Vasireddi:         Given the diversity of services that we have, the competitors are also several. For example,

                             overseas, typically, when we are bidding for contract research services, we are competing with

                           our own counterparts in India and maybe some European -- few European and American CROs.


                     And then when you talk about food testing, the growth is coming mostly -- for us, it's actually

                                fully domestic. So some of it is, of course, coming from the growth of the market. Some of it is

                        coming from the market share of maybe our other competitors.


Samir Palod:            Can you name a few competitors within India that you usually come up with against in pharma

                         and food?


Harita Vasireddi:           In food, you have all the multinationals here in India, whether it is SGS or Eurofins or Intertek

                            or Bureau Veritas, all these companies are there.


Satya Neerukonda:         Yes. A lot of them. There's SGS, there's Eurofins, there is Covance, you have Charles River. So

                               for each of our segments, we have multiple competitors in that area.


Samir Palod:             Okay. Understood. It's mostly foreign companies, foreign consultants in India.


Satya Neerukonda:        For food, a lot of European companies which are there in India, they are our competition and

                            then you have some domestic ones as well. In pharma too, you have domestic as well and when

                        you go outside, there are these international CROs who are competitors.


Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Dhwanil from I-Wealth Fund.

                                 Page 10 of 16
[page 12]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                         November 03, 2025


Dhwanil:                   Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Ma'am, just wanted to check on the capex part. I think

                                 earlier call, we were guiding for INR100 crores capex in this year. And then we've -- in the first

                                 half, we've already spent INR45 crores to INR50-odd crores. So for the full year, for the current

                                   full year, INR100 crores is our target? Or do you think we'll exceed that now?


Harita Vasireddi:             I don't think we will exceed, but looks like we are on as per the plan.


Dhwanil:                Got it. Got it. And ma'am, just on the overall tariff side, I think last when we were having some

                             conversations. So there are a lot of uncertainties which were there. So if you can just help us

                           understand how is the current scenario? And how are you seeing demand for us?


Satya Neerukonda:         Constraints in terms of market opportunities, we don't see and anyway, we are expanding our

                             global reach. So not a challenge at this situation, at least for our pharmaceutical line of business.

                          For some of the budding businesses, yes, we have to still increase our visibility and make our

                       mark mainly for the electrical electronic business, but we are also doing good in that area. We

                         have already doubled our capacity, as we mentioned last time. So there are positive signs coming

                         from multiple industries, which need the electrical and electronic product testing services that

                     we offer.


Dhwanil:                Got it, sir. So sir, the new facility which has come up is more on the food and the electronic side

                            of it.


Satya Neerukonda:      Go ahead, complete.


Dhwanil:                  Yes. So sir, I just wanted to understand and on the pharma side, we've kind of got a lot of

                           machines, but slowly, we are going to ramp that up, if my understanding is correct?


Satya Neerukonda:       The capacity increase is for all the verticals. We have increased our capacity in food testing. We

                         have increased our capacity for electrical & electronics testing . There is increased capacity for

                               preclinical  . And as some of the departments have moved to the new facility, we have also

                             created more capacities for GMP testing for small and large molecule testing. So there is an

                              overall capacity increase for all our major verticals. There is no constraint in terms of machinery

                            or in terms of space for now.


Dhwanil:                 Okay. And so sir, we were highlighting that the newer machines and the revenue we are

                            expecting to come from first quarter FY '27. So that is more on the biologics side of the business?


Satya Neerukonda:        Yes, on the biopharma side of the business.


Dhwanil:             On the biopharma...


Satya Neerukonda:        Yes, from for the new service area - the formulation development service for large molecules.

                       The existing line of analytical services for the biopharma products is doing well, and continues

                               to grow.


Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Pravesh Kochar from FourLion Capital.



                                 Page 11 of 16
[page 13]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                         November 03, 2025


Pravesh Kochar:         So now that the BIOSECURE Act is passed and it's in a slightly diluted form than what was

                            expected, let's say, a year back, as you do your business development efforts globally, what are

                        you hearing from some of those MNC customers in terms of where they are at in terms of

                            outsourcing their CRO operations to you?


Satya Neerukonda:     We have already seen a lot of companies setting up shops in Hyderabad and elsewhere in India,

                                 at least the top 5 or top 6 of the global biotech companies have already announced - Merck ,

                             Sanofi, Amgen, Lilly, Johnson & Johnson, GSK among others.


                       So some of them are working with the Indian partners to set up manufacturing operations here.

                     Some of them are setting up global capacity or clinical centers. So that's what is happening. We

                         have already engaged with one of these major company. We are also in discussions with one

                          more. So I think as we wait and watch, once the manufacturing starts, then the requirement for

                                third party CRO testing will increase.


Pravesh Kochar:        And do these companies have any plans of doing the analytical testing also in-house? Or is there

                       some regulatory requirement that it has to be done independently, whether it's to you or one of

                          your competitors?


Satya Neerukonda:         Innovator companies do not tend to have testing and manufacturing at the same third party site,

                              especially  for new  products. As  they working  with  multiple  third-party  vendors  for

                            manufacturing, the demand for independent analytical services is always there, which is a

                              positive for us.


Pravesh Kochar:          Got it. Our analytical segment, is it fair to say the test that you do would largely go to the CMC

                              section of the regulatory drug filings that these innovators do? Or is it more diversified across

                             the development cycle? Like if you can give some more color where the analytical testing is

                               really used for the innovators?


Satya Neerukonda:       Our services are targeted towards both segments. We support R&D development programs and

                              also the CMC testing. Some of our services are for research during development and some of

                           our services are during the discovery phase and some are during the CMC filing phase, the

                           product release phase.


Pravesh Kochar:          Got it. And on the clinical research segment, if you can give us a sense of active trials that you

                              are having right now in the non, sort of, the patient population, not the healthy population and

                     how that has been scaling up over the last 2, 3 years?


Satya Neerukonda:     We have already completed one trial successfully. That was our first full-scale trial, and the

                           sponsor has submitted the report to the European agencies. We have initiated 2 more studies this

                               year.


                          Order books look good, pipelines are good. And because it's a new business, I think the proof

                       was in delivering the first project successfully, which we did. It has got good feedback from the

                                client for whom we did the study. And as I said, 2 new studies we have already initiated.



                                 Page 12 of 16
[page 14]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                         November 03, 2025


                 We have also intensified our BD operations for supporting the clinical trial business. And in

                               India, if you look at the competitive landscape, independent or stand-alone clinical trial business

                     who are doing the patient PK studies are recording good growth in their businesses. So yes, it is

                           a good business segment to grow.


Pravesh Kochar:          Got it. If I can squeeze just one last one on the biologic CDMO facilities that you are setting up.

                                    I just want to understand the driver of it. Did our customers ask that we backward integrate into

                            formulations? Or what was the thought process versus just sticking to pharma analytics, which

                     we have already been doing for about 8 years, as you said?


Satya Neerukonda:       The push from our cleints to support formulation development has always been there, mainly on

                             the small molecule side, but we never ventured into that area till now. So yes, the new service

                                line is an integration, and we are doing it as there's a lot of interest and demand in the domestic

                         and global market for supporting the peptide development or biosimilar, vaccine and biologics

                           development. There's a lot of space also available even for companies who are just venturing in.

                              Clients always want support in cell line development, product development etc and they want

                               to outsource these activities to experts.


                      What was happening in small molecule space in terms of outsourcing product development, has

                      come to the large molecule space as well. So it was the right time to get into development

                               services, and that was the reason we ventured into the biopharma or large molecule research and

                          development support services. It completes the whole life-cycle. This is the first time we are

                              getting into formulation development and the right time because we have already 6-7 years of

                            experience in the analytical support services for large molecules.


                 We see the demand growing. We see the products growing. More and more products are getting

                           added, more and more products are getting off patent. So companies want to have a bigger share

                               in this pie. And the outsourcing is definitely increasing in this research and development support

                             space.


Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Veer Vadera from Niveshaay.


Veer Vadera:         My questions were answered.


Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Ramachandra Godkhindi from an Individual Investor.


Ramachandra Godkhindi:  Sir, my question is on the electronic testing. So last quarter, I remember that you were telling --

                        you had some discussions going on with the defence. Is there any update on any orders or

                           anything on that one?


Satya Neerukonda:     We have been supporting defence industries for more than 2-2.5 years. It's has been continuous

                       work from this segment. We are adding more and more clients in that area.


Ramachandra Godkhindi: Okay. Okay. Yes. And typically, what -- how is the margin profile different from your normal

                              electronic testing here in defence?


Satya Neerukonda:       From the other businesses versus electrical electronics?


                                 Page 13 of 16
[page 15]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                         November 03, 2025


Ramachandra Godkhindi:  For the defence -- just on defence side, how is the margin profile there when compared to other

                              electronic testing?


Satya Neerukonda:           I may not have that information, but I think it's, in general, the same across industry because it's

                           a niche testing area.


Ramachandra Godkhindi: Okay. Okay. Sir. And my second question is on your -- this one. Since your large revenue comes

                         from pharmaceutical, so can you tell me about how is like the order pipeline, whether it's largely

                       more from the innovator side? Or is it the other way CMC that is coming -- giving you a lot of

                           revenue?


Satya Neerukonda:       So most of our businesses in the pharmaceutical area support the generic product development.

                       The generic product pipelines are definitely stronger. Preclinical is the area where we support

                             discovery. And there, it’s a 65% - 35% split between  discovery  ; and generic, specialty

                            chemicals, regulatory support work.


Ramachandra Godkhindi: Okay. Sir, my last question is on the industry. So when we look at industry, a lot number of

                            biotech companies and innovator companies are now focusing on the large molecule discoveries

                         and innovation. So is your company is also moving towards that one only in the long-term

                              strategy that you also want to move towards large molecules only going ahead or do more of

                             research and testing towards the large molecules only?


Satya Neerukonda:         Definitely because we don't want to miss the bus on large molecules. And that's why the

                          development setup that we have put is to support both the new biological development as well

                             as the generic biological development. And anyway, we have research platforms set up in our

                                preclinical, clinical and analytical verticals to support product development.


Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Sushank Chaudhary, an Individual Investor.


Sushank Chaudhary:       Congratulations on good set of numbers. So my first question is, is there any improvement in

                               testing facilities in your side? So in my perspective, are there any expansion in testing quality

                         and speed? And are you using any type of new technology in testing in pharmaceuticals or food

                            or other products as well?


Satya Neerukonda:     We always keep an eye out for deploying latest technologies or equipment, which would fasten

                             the testing process, reduce the dependency on manpower. So its a continuous evolution which

                             instrumentation  manufacturers  keep  doing  and  then on  our  part  the  deployment  or

                           implementation of these technologies in our work stream to enhance productivity. Vimta has

                          always been an early adopter for any new technology initiatives.


Sushank Chaudhary:    My second question is, is there any other ideas to expand other than CMO?


Satya Neerukonda:      CMO/CRADS ( Contract Research and Development Services)  is the new expansion. We are

                            already a CRTO. CRADS is a new vertical that we added now. And for future we are always on

                           look out for any inorganic growth opportunities in global markets.




                                 Page 14 of 16
[page 16]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                         November 03, 2025


Sushank Chaudhary:      Okay. So my final question is, are there any PAT margin improvements in future? Or is it going

                               to remain at 19%?


Satya Neerukonda:       Can you take this, CFO?


Harita Vasireddi:         These are very good margins. We don't expect to see higher ones than these.


Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Anand Agarwal, an Individual Investor.


Anand Agarwal:       My question is more fundamental in nature and pardon me if I sound a little naive, right? But

                     why would an innovative company go to Vimta Labs for their testing and not go to like a Sai

                             Life for an Anthem Bio, which provides end-to-end services from testing to manufacturing,

                               right? So what is the value proposition that we bring to the table?


Satya Neerukonda:         Innovator companies are very, very secretive about their product development, because it's a

                            competitive world out there. Companies developing innovative products, even for a single API

                           development, work with more than one outsourcing  partner during  the discovery and

                          development phase of their innovative products. So it's by nature of that industry that they don't

                         want to keep everything in one place for IP protection purposes.


                      What usually happens in Sai’s or Anthems and all the work that you are talking about is the

                                    initial screening process. Screening process is done there because these companies are also doing

                           a lot of chemistry work, they are giving out a lot of molecules every week, every month. So the

                                    initial screening, is generally kept there. But after that, once it moves to a product optimisation

                          phase or development phase, then the work gets distributed. That's a common trend in the

                            innovative industry.


Moderator:              The next question is from the line of Sanket Gupta, an Individual Investor.


Sanket Gupta:                 I have a question regarding the food testing. According to me, the food testing industry is very

                            small compared to developed countries. And I think Indian consumers are becoming more and

                       more aware about the food quality and levels and all that. So do you think that this industry can

                       grow faster if government agencies will push for more regulations and stricter guidelines?


Satya Neerukonda:          Definitely, if you have government on your side, strong regulations, it's definitely going to

                             increase business for testing services providers..


Sanket Gupta:          And if…


Satya Neerukonda:           If you look at the food industry, the Food Safety and Standards Act, that's a move in the positive

                                direction.


Sanket Gupta:            Okay. And if any company is developing new products like the Indian consumers are getting

                       more aware about protein and all that sugar in the products. So do you think that if new products

                              are getting developed, then this will also create a better opportunity?


Satya Neerukonda:          Definitely, because when you see the bigger companies, they would invest in lot of R&D for

                           developing new product, but there are also a lot of small and virtual companies which keep

                                 Page 15 of 16
[page 17]
                                                                               Vimta Labs Limited
                                                                         November 03, 2025


                        coming up in the food segment and the pharma segment. They need a lot of support in the

                           product development. And when they're getting into these niche areas or newer areas, the right

                      way to go is to taking support from CROs who provide such services.


Sanket Gupta:            Okay. That means my understanding is correct that this will push the industry to good growth

                         and all.


Moderator:             As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to management

                               for closing comments.


Harita Vasireddi:         Thank you. So thank you once again to all the participants who have joined this call today. Good

                              questions, appreciate them.  I also want to thank Systematix Institutional Equities, Vishal

                       Manchanda for hosting this call. Have a good evening, everyone. Bye-bye.


Satya Neerukonda:       Thank you. Bye-bye.


Moderator:              Thank you very much. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, that concludes this

                             conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.





                                   (This document was edited for readability purpose.)





                                 Page 16 of 16