=== A1 EXTRACTION HEADER ===
source_filename: concall_sona_q1fy27.pdf
doctype: concall
page_count_pdfinfo: 25
formfeed_count: 25
line_count: 1269
unit_convention: Crores
conversion_factor_to_cr: Crores -> x1 (figures spoken directly in Rs Crores throughout transcript; no Lakhs/Millions tables present)
ocr_pages: none
page_coverage: 100%
detected_quarter: Q1 FY27
extraction_date: 2026-07-30
=== END HEADER ===

[page 1]
Date: 30th July, 2026



 BSE Ltd.                                        National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
 Regd. Office: Floor - 25,                       Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza,
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                      Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
 Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001.                   Mumbai - 400 051
 BSE Scrip Code: 543300                          NSE Scrip: SONACOMS

Subject: - Transcript of Earning Call pertaining to Financial Results for quarter ended on
30th June, 2026.

Dear Sir / Madam,

Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript
of the Earning Call held on Thursday, 23rd July, 2026 on the financial result of the Company
for the quarter ended on 30th June, 2026.

The transcript will also available on the website of the Company at
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations


This is for your information and further dissemination.

Thanking you,

For Sona BLW Precision Forgings Limited

Pankaj        Digitally signed by
              Pankaj Gupta

Gupta         Date: 2026.07.30
              14:18:34 +05'30'

Pankaj Gupta
Senior Vice President (Legal),
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

Enclosed as above;
[page 2]
     SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar)
               Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript
                                             July 23, 2026
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on the website of the
Company and can be accessed through the following link:

https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations



Moderator:               Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sona Comstar Q1FY27
                         earnings group conference call.

                         Please note all participants' lines are in the listen only mode as of now. There
                         will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation
                         concludes. Please note that this call is being recorded. We request that you
                         place your line on mute except when asking questions.

                         Some of the statements by the management team in today's conference
                         call may be forward looking in nature, and we request you to refer to the
                         disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details. The management
                         will also not be taking any specific customer-related questions or confirm or
                         deny any customer name or relationships due to confidentiality reasons.
                         Please refrain from naming any customer in your questions.

                         Now I will hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh, Deputy Head of Research
                         India and Lead Auto Analyst at Nomura. Kapil, please go ahead. Thank you.

Kapil Singh:             Yeah, thanks, Sneha. Good Evening, everyone. To take us through the Q1
                         results, we have the whole management team of Sona Comstar. We have
                         Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh, MD and Group CEO, Mr. Vikram Verma, Whole Time
                         Director and CEO of Drive Line Business, Mr. Sat Mohan Gupta, CEO of Motor
                         Business, Mr. Praveen Rao, Group CTO, Mr. Rohit Nanda Group CFO, Mr. Amit
                         Mishra, Head Railway Business, Mr. Ankit Agarwal, Head Investor Relations,
                         and, Pratik Sachan, Head, Strategy and M&A.

                         With this, I'll hand over the call to Vivek for his opening remarks and the
                         presentation.

Vivek Vikram Singh:      Thank you, Kapil, and welcome everyone. Today's call will be a little different
                         from my usual quarterly discussions. I'd like to first spend some time sharing
                         how we are thinking about the next phase of Sona Comstar's journey. Those
                         of you who read my recent letter to shareholders know that FY 26 was a year
                         that tested us in many ways. But while we were dealing with those
                         challenges, something equally important was happening in the
                         background. We were quietly preparing for our next decade.

Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                            Page 1 of 24
[page 3]
                     There's a poem by Edwin Markham that I like. It goes, “when you're the anvil,
                     bear, when you're the hammer, strike.” And we believe that every company
                     goes through both sorts of phases. There are times when resilience matters
                     the most. And there are times when a company must forge its own future.
                     Now, over the last decade, we transformed Sona Comstar from a small
                     automotive components company into a mid-sized global mobility
                     technology company with a diversified product, customer portfolio and
                     leadership positions across many categories. It's natural for us to then ask
                     ourselves this question. What does it take to go from a mid-sized company
                     to a truly large company? And our answer is what we call Sona Comstar 2.0.

                     This is not a change in direction. It is a natural evolution of the strategy that
                     has brought us this far. We began working on the strategy more than 2 years
                     ago. But we deliberately chose not to talk about it, because we wanted to
                     do something tangible and have something to show before we came to
                     you. Ambition without substance can easily be mistaken for hubris, and we
                     wanted to come to you not with ideas alone, but with actions. Yesterday's
                     announcement of the Denso JV is one example. Our work in Robotics and
                     Physical AI is another one, which is perhaps an even bigger move. In other
                     words, Sona Comstar 2.0 is not something we are announcing today. It is the
                     beginning of year 2 of our next decade's journey. And today, we'd like to
                     share that journey with you.

                     Slide 5:

                     So let me begin by explaining how we've been thinking about the next
                     decade. We did some reflection, I put this in our annual report two years
                     ago, that when we look back at our own journey between 2015 and 2025,
                     we noticed something that was both interesting and humbling. Our revenues
                     increased 10-fold in that period. Yet, more than 85% of that growth came
                     from just 3 strategic decisions. We entered new product verticals. We
                     expanded into global markets, particularly the West. And we recognized the
                     electrification opportunity early and acted upon it. That reinforces for us an
                     important lesson that great companies rarely become exceptional because
                     they make hundreds of small good decisions. They become exceptional
                     because they make a handful of truly transformational decisions and then
                     execute them well. Our ambition over the next decade is simple. We want
                     to build another 10x company. But every decade obviously brings a different
                     set of opportunities. Our job is not to repeat what worked before. It is to build
                     on the capabilities that brought us here while creating new growth platforms
                     for the future. This is why we've broadened our addressable market from
                     automotive to mobility.

                     Now our first growth engine remains new product verticals. It has been our
                     biggest driver of growth over the last decade, and we intend to accelerate
                     it through both organic innovation and disciplined acquisitions and
                     partnerships wherever necessary.



Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                    Page 2 of 24
[page 4]
                     Our second growth engine is what we call a look east strategy. But let me
                     first explain what it is not. It is not a shift away from the West. Europe and
                     North America will remain strategically important markets for us. Our
                     ambition in those markets is every bit as strong as it has always been. But
                     what is changing is that over the next decade, we intend to build an equally
                     strong presence in the East, and not through incremental expansion, like
                     having more sales staff or doing more business development calls. But
                     through carefully chosen strategic moves that strengthen our access to
                     technologies, customers, and markets. Our railway acquisition was one such
                     move. Our partnership with DENSO is another, and we expect that we'll
                     continue making similar long-term strategic moves over the next decade.

                     Our third growth engine is undoubtedly our boldest yet. Alongside
                     electrification, we're adding another long-term technology theme to the
                     company - Robotics and physical AI. We believe this has the potential to
                     become a significant long-term growth platform for us as a company.

                     Slide 6:

                     So now let's begin with the first growth engine, new product verticals. We
                     believe that one of the biggest differences between great manufacturing
                     companies and really good ones is where management chooses to spend
                     their time. Most companies spend most of their energy defending the
                     business that they already have. We have spent hours creating businesses
                     that we did not have. Ever since our IPO, investors have actually often asked
                     me, what they believe the market still underestimates about Sona Comstar?
                     You know, people come to you and say, what do people not understand
                     fully? And in the last 5 years, I don't think I've ever fully answered that question.
                     So let me try and answer it today.

                     First, It's our ability to consistently create entirely new products and businesses
                     through our own engineering and R&D. Today, more than 35% of our revenue
                     comes from products that simply did not exist in our portfolio seven years ago.
                     19 of those products were conceived, designed, industrialized, and scaled
                     entirely through our own R&D, funded from our own cash flows. If I annualize
                     our quarter 1, together these new products represented 1,800 crore revenue
                     business generating over 230 crore of annual profit. If this were a stand-alone
                     company, this would be one of the biggest innovation success stories of India.
                     That's literally the equivalent of creating a multi-unicorn from scratch in just 7
                     years. And this is the power of building new businesses from within. But organic
                     innovation is only one part of the story.

                     The second capability, which is probably not understood, is disciplined
                     capital allocation. Just because we are good engineers, doesn't mean we
                     can't also be thoughtful investors. Over the last 7 years, we've invested
                     around 2,750 crores across the acquisitions of Comstar, Novelic, and the
                     Railway Business. And today at the end of Q1, these 3 businesses contribute
                     roughly 40% of our revenue. And if we assume comparable margins, they
                     contribute 270 crore of net annual profit. And this is despite the railway
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                       Page 3 of 24
[page 5]
                     business being in its first year of post-acquisition integration. All of you are very
                     good at math, so you can do the math of how good or how return accretive
                     these acquisitions have been.

                     The point is whether we build or we buy, the objective is exactly the same. To
                     create capabilities that compound over decades, when we believe we can
                     build something better, we build it. When we believe someone else has
                     already built an exceptional capability, we try and acquire it. Sona Comstar
                     2.0 means that we intend to become even more ambitious and double down
                     on both these fronts.

                     Slide 7:

                     This brings me to the second pillar of our Eastward expansion strategy.
                     Yesterday, we announced what I believe is the most important strategic
                     partnership in Sona Comstar's history. A partnership with DENSO. Not because
                     it's a joint venture, although this is our first joint venture in my time period here.
                     But because of what it enables us to become. Over the years, we've built one
                     of India's broadest portfolio of electric powertrain products. But there was
                     one big gap. All of you know it. We did not participate at all in high voltage
                     electric as well as hybrid powertrain systems for passenger and commercial
                     vehicles. This partnership fills that gap. More importantly, it completes our
                     entire electrification portfolio.

                     Today, we have a leadership position in 2 and 3 wheelers in India, and
                     through this partnership, we should hopefully add more customers to the 2
                     and 3-wheeler JV and extend our leadership position to one of dominance.
                     Through JV 2, we will have the opportunity to build a meaningful presence
                     across the entire electric and hybrid powertrain spectrum across every
                     vehicle category, and that opportunity is far, far more substantial in revenue
                     potential terms. If we go by S&P Global mobility, Indian hybrid and EV cars
                     and the commercial vehicle market alone represents an addressable market
                     of over 2.3 million vehicles, which would roughly amount to about a 24,000
                     crore opportunity in 2030 itself. If you go to 2035, it will be many times this. And
                     this is even before we consider our longer-term global ambitions. India is
                     where we will begin. But just like we've done with Driveline and Motor
                     business, our ambition is always ultimately global.

                     Now, the actual question that some of you may have had is, why DENSO so?
                     But I think an even more interesting question is why Sona Comstar? DENSO is
                     the world's 2nd largest mobility technology company. It has no shortage of
                     potential partners across the globe. But I believe they saw in Sona Comstar
                     what we have been building over the last decade, a company with strong
                     engineering capabilities, proven frugal execution and technologies that
                     complement their own. With their strength in hybrid and our strength in
                     electric, I think it makes for a fairly killer combo. It is a strategic partnership
                     between two technology companies where each brings distinctive strengths
                     to the table and together we can build something that neither company


Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                        Page 4 of 24
[page 6]
                     could have built as effectively on their own. And that, in our view, is the
                     hallmark of a successful long-term partnership.

                     Slide 8:

                     To get into the details, the partnership consists of two joint ventures. The first
                     will focus on high voltage electric and hybrid powertrain systems for 4 and 4+
                     wheel vehicles, so all passenger and commercial vehicle applications, in
                     short. In this JV, Denso will hold the majority stake, contribute the relevant
                     technology and intellectual property, and lead the business from a
                     management perspective. The 2nd joint venture will focus on 2 and 3
                     wheelers, where Sona Comstar has already established technology position.
                     Here we will retain majority ownership and management control while
                     licensing our own technology into the joint venture. Let me also clarify
                     because we got some calls that our suspension motor business, together with
                     all our other non-traction motor businesses remain completely outside the
                     scope of this transaction.

                     Now, let me come to what I personally find one of the most satisfying aspects
                     of this partnership, the royalty structure. The ultimate validation of any
                     technology is quite simple. Technology has value when someone else is
                     willing to pay to use it. In this partnership, the royalty arrangements are equal
                     and reciprocal in both. JV2 will pay royalties to Denso for its high voltage
                     technologies, while JV1 will pay royalties to Sona Comstar for our 2 and 3
                     wheeler technologies. And it tells you that this is not a partnership where one
                     company brings technology and the other brings manufacturing. Both
                     companies bring technology, both companies contribute intellectual
                     property, both companies contribute engineering expertise, and both
                     companies strengthen each other. I believe that mutual respect is what
                     makes partnerships successful. And if I may end on a lighter note, I suspect
                     we may be the first Indian automotive company to receive royalty income
                     from one of the global mobility technology companies and that is certainly
                     something as an Indian, everybody could be proud of.

                     Slide 9:

                     Moving on, our new addition to the third growth engine is robotics and
                     physical AI. And I want to spend a couple of minutes explaining why we
                     believe this is such an important opportunity. Every few decades, a
                     technology comes along that fundamentally changes almost every aspect
                     of human endeavor. Economists call these general purpose technologies.
                     Fire was the first, the wheel was another one, and more recently, electricity
                     transformed the world. The internet did the same in our lifetimes. We believe
                     artificial intelligence will be the next general purpose technology. And so far,
                     AI has largely transformed the digital world. The world of bits and bytes. But
                     we believe that the next phase of AI will be different. It will move into the
                     physical world, the world of atoms, and that will transform almost every
                     machine on the planet. The machines will no longer simply execute
                     instructions. They will sense, they will think, they will act, and most importantly,
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                      Page 5 of 24
[page 7]
                     they will continuously learn. This is what we mean by physical AI. So what does
                     all of this have to do with Sona Comstar? And the answer is simple, the same
                     technologies that power modern electric and autonomous vehicles, motors,
                     gearboxes, actuators, sensors, electronics, and software. These are exactly
                     the fundamental building blocks of intelligent machines. People often think
                     of automotive and robotics as two completely different industries. We don't.
                     In fact, we believe those two industries have already started converging.
                     Hyundai owns Boston Dynamics. There are companies making humanoids
                     which are from the automotive sector. And whether it's an electric robotaxi
                     or an autonomous mobile robot, a collaborative robot, or a humanoid - the
                     underlying technologies are the same or remarkably similar. Therefore,
                     Robotics and Physical AI is not a departure from our strategy. It's a natural
                     extension of the capabilities that we've been building for over a decade. The
                     long-term opportunity for these components is quite large. Morgan Stanley
                     has a report called The Robot Almanac. I would encourage you to read it.
                     According to that, the global market for radars, reducers, and electric motors
                     over the next 25 years could grow approximately 260 times, 590 times, and
                     260 times respectively, like absurdly large numbers. They're expected to
                     reach an estimated size of $60 billion for radars, $1.4 trillion for reducers, and
                     $2.5 trillion for motors. If we succeed in taking even a fraction of this
                     opportunity, the future is very, very bright for us.

                     Slide 10:

                     Now coming to this slide, this slide is about what we have already built. So
                     we're not announcing our intent to enter Robotics and Physical AI. We're
                     announcing that Sona Comstar has already entered. Over the past year,
                     we've invested in technology, invested in equipment, and we have
                     developed products. And even more importantly, we've been working very
                     closely with customers. We see 3 distinct revenue streams for ourselves. The
                     first is advanced components and subsystems, an area which is closest to our
                     existing capabilities. We have deep capabilities in motors, gearboxes and
                     sensors. These are all mission critical building blocks for intelligent machines.
                     The second is the perception stack and engineering services around
                     perception. Here we'll provide engineering and R&D services while also
                     developing perception software and integrated hardware software solutions
                     for customers so that whatever the customer requires, we're able to provide
                     that part to them. The third and perhaps the most ambitious is manufacturing
                     of selected full robotic platforms. Initially our focus will be on 2 platforms-
                     autonomous mobile robots or AMRs, and cognitive collaborative robots or
                     cobots. Earlier this year we showcased the prototype of our first AMR at CES
                     in Las Vegas, and development continues to progress fairly rapidly.

                    Oh, and one more thing, we already have customers, we've secured our first
                    order for an advanced robotic subsystem. Our second order is for perception
                    engineering services for AMRs. And our third combines both hardware and
                    software. It's a complete short range radar perception solution for an Indian
                    commercial vehicle OEM. Together, these three orders, they add ₹6 billion to
                    our Robotics and Physical AI orderbook, which takes the total order book for
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                Page 6 of 24
[page 8]
                     this new vertical to ₹8 billion. And what has pleasantly surprised us, is that
                     unlike electrification products or a suspension motor product, this market may
                     be developing far faster than we had originally anticipated. We've obviously
                     positioned ourselves early in that journey, so this is no longer an idea, an
                     aspiration, and ambition. It is now a business, a small business today surely,
                     but one that we believe has the potential to become a meaningful growth
                     engine for Sona Comstar over the next 10 years.

                     Slide 11:

                     So before I move on to the more prosaic business of our quarterly
                     performance, let me leave you with one final thought. As we evolved from
                     Sona Comstar 1.0 to Sona Comstar 2.0, we spent a lot of time thinking about
                     two questions. What should change? And equally, what should never
                     change.

                     So let me begin with what will not change. Our purpose will not change. Our
                     values will not change. Our commitment to our customers, our shareholders,
                     and our people will not change. Nor will the principles that have guided us
                     over the last decade, Engineering excellence. Disciplined capital allocation,
                     operational execution, financial prudence, and transparency. Those
                     foundations will remain exactly the same.

                     What will change is the scale of our ambition. We will pursue larger
                     opportunities. We will enter larger markets. And where appropriate, we'll
                     make larger investments and much larger strategic decisions. I believe after
                     yesterday's announcement we have entered the big league. And when you
                     enter the big league, it is wiser to make bigger moves. However, whatever
                     decision we make, we'll be judged against the same three questions that we
                     have always asked ourselves. Does it create meaningful value for our
                     customers? Does it create long term value for our shareholders? And do we
                     have the capability and management bandwidth to execute it well? If the
                     answer to any one of these questions is no. We'll walk away and that
                     discipline is what has served us well over the last decade. We believe it'll serve
                     us equally well over the next.

                     Over the last 10 years together, we built one 10X company, our ambition for
                     the next decade is to build another 10X company. With that, let's now go
                     back to the quarterly performance and the quarterly numbers.

                     Slide 12:

                     So coming to the quarter, I'm happy to share this was the best ever quarter
                     for revenue, BEV revenue, and BEV revenue share, with very healthy
                     momentum, continuing across the business.

                     But as always, I will begin with the challenges. Inflation continues to be the
                     biggest near-term challenge. Commodities and other input costs remain
                     elevated. They have impacted margins during the quarter. April was tough,

Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                     Page 7 of 24
[page 9]
                     May was even tougher, but June showed improvement. As material costs
                     passed through and other cost reduction and mitigation measures started
                     catching up. Those of you who followed us know that costs pass through with
                     automotive customers always lag inflation, so they come a little later. This,
                     along with the arithmetic impact on both revenue and cost, may continue
                     to create some pressure on margin as a percentage. However, the
                     encouraging part is that directionally things have started improving as the
                     quarter has progressed. Beyond that, the operating environment remains
                     uncertain. We all read the news. Trade and geopolitical developments
                     continue to be choppy. But frankly, they've been uncertain for so long that I
                     don't think they should be used as an explanation anymore for business
                     performance. Our job is to manage through all the choppiness.

                     Now I'll move to the positives, of course, they are far more than the
                     challenges. Demand has remained healthy across all the markets we serve.
                     India delivered another strong quarter, particularly in passenger vehicles and
                     electric two-wheelers, which was phenomenal. Europe has been, surprisingly
                     to many, it has not just remained stable, it's actually growing now. And the US
                     has also improved meaningfully, as the quarter has progressed. China was
                     the only one which remained kind of mixed. However, for us, it was our fastest
                     growing geography this quarter, because of the suspension motor ramp up
                     and its success in China. Second point, EV demand continues to gather
                     pace. Our BEV revenues were, I think they more than doubled during the
                     quarter and BEV revenue share has also reached an all-time high. Finally,
                     business development efforts, this quarter, we secured new business across
                     EVs, hybrids, and ICE across India, Europe, and North America, and across
                     virtually every product category we operate in. And that's, that's very
                     gratifying for us because you know, usually there are times when some things
                     do well, some parts of business don't. This is the business that we've been
                     trying to build, a diversified one which can grow strongly across customers,
                     geographies, products, and powertrain technologies.

                     Slide 13:

                     Now to the numbers, our revenue grew by 54% year on year, while EBITDA
                     and net profit increased by 49% and 45% respectively. EBITDA margin was
                     23.1%. Margins were heavily impacted by input cost inflation, labor cost
                     increases as well as the timing gap in the customer recoveries or the pass-
                     throughs. This was especially true during April and May, but as I mentioned
                     earlier, June was significantly better. We expect that these recovery
                     measures will become progressively more visible from quarter 2 onwards.
                     There was also a product mix impact as traction motor sales grew quite
                     rapidly, and as is well known to you, that product category has the lowest
                     margins relative to our average company margin, so that also dragged it
                     down a little bit.

                     Slide 16:



Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                  Page 8 of 24
[page 10]
                     Let me now turn to electrification, this was an amazing quarter for us. We
                     continue to see electrification gaining tremendous pace. We delivered the
                     highest ever BEV revenue and BEV mix during the quarter, and BEV revenue
                     grew 107% despite EV demand in the US remaining weak. This is quite a
                     testament to how our EV business is no longer dependent on a handful of
                     customers or one particular geography. We have also added 2 new EV
                     programs and 1 hybrid program, which takes our EV order book to 69
                     programs across 36 customers.

                     Slide 17:

                     Now, let me go to our order wins. So the quality of our order book continues
                     to improve. We are increasingly winning businesses across multiple
                     powertrains, multiple geographies, and multiple product categories. This
                     quarter we received a new order from an existing North American customer
                     for hybrid differential assembly, again, surprising but very gratifying. If North
                     America takes on to hybrid, I think this opens up another avenue for growth.
                     Second, we won 2 traction motor programs from a new age Indian electric
                     two-wheeler vehicle.

                     Slide 19:

                     To add to this, we also won meaningful ICE differential gear programs. This is
                     our first product category, so it often gets glossed over by newer and more
                     exciting products, but I just wanted to reiterate that we continue to gain in
                     this category. We received an ICE differential gear program from a traditional
                     North American OEM with an order value of ₹2.1 billion.

                     Slide 20:

                     Along with additional business wins in starters, differential gears and railways,
                     and at the end of Q1 FY27, our net order book stands at 240 billion, with EVs
                     accounting for 64%. As you can see, we've added robotics and physical AI
                     to our orderbook, which is a small 3%. But as they say, all great endings have
                     small beginnings, hopefully, this is one of those.

                     Slide 22:

                     So now, let me come to diversification, which is our 4th strategic priority. This
                     is one area where we continue to see a lot of tangible progress on our
                     strategy. For example, eastern markets contributed 59% of our revenue this
                     quarter. This was 56% last year. This shows that there is a continued shift in our
                     geographic mix. We are seeing a similar trend across our product portfolio.
                     Our fastest growing business this quarter was EV suspension motors, followed
                     by EV traction motors, and something that gets lost in the others category,
                     are emerging product portfolios. This includes steering bevel boxes,
                     intermediate gears, epicyclic gear trains, input rotor shafts, and several
                     railway products. So with this, I will turn to our group CTO Praveen, to update
                     us on technology. Over to you, Praveen.

Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                     Page 9 of 24
[page 11]
Praveen Rao:         Thanks Vivek, Good evening, everyone.

                     Slide 24:

                     Our technology focus and customer centric approach continue to deliver
                     significant business wins and shape our roadmap. We are advancing market
                     relevant products and solutions across automotive and railway applications
                     from magnet-free motor solutions and exterior radar solutions to air springs,
                     HVAC, and door systems.

                     Products under commercialization this quarter include short range radar
                     sensors and advanced robotics components. The short-range exterior radar
                     sensor developed for a leading commercial vehicle OEM is designed to
                     meet the upcoming Government of India regulations on advanced driver
                     assistance systems, also known as ADAS. The business win in advanced
                     robotic components builds on our deep expertise and foundational
                     capabilities in automotive product design, tooling and manufacturing.

                     A notable addition to our roadmap is the autonomous mobile robot or AMR.
                     This product brings together capabilities across motor, driveline, and sensor
                     divisions, while also establishing expertise in newer domains such as robot
                     perception, motion planning and control, telematics, reinforcement
                     learning, and AI orchestration. The AMR platform is being developed as part
                     of a broader robotic portfolio focused on manufacturing and warehousing
                     applications. It is designed to support use cases across automotive,
                     electronics, pharmaceuticals, FMCG, and other sectors. The field of robotics
                     and physical AI is expanding rapidly as smart and flexible manufacturing
                     scales up. Manufacturers are moving from isolated automation initiatives to
                     connected and coordinated operations, creating opportunities for Sona
                     Comstar in physical AI including components, actuators, and in some cases,
                     full systems. An interesting aspect of deployment of physical AI is the need
                     for training. This is an area likely to be the next frontier in cognitive robotics.

                     In summary, as we evolve from an automotive components company into a
                     global mobility technology provider, we will continue to strengthen our core
                     mobility portfolio while expanding into the emerging growth areas such as
                     robotics and physical AI. With this, I conclude and hand over to Rohit for the
                     financials. Over to you, Rohit. Thank you.

Rohit Nanda:         Thank you, Praveen. A very good day to you all. It's my pleasure to share our
                     first quarterly results for financial year 2027 with you.

                     Slide 26:

                     Our revenue for the quarter grew to 12,310 crores, a growth of 54% over the
                     first quarter of last year. BEV revenue grew by 107% to 436 crores over the
                     same quarter last year. BEV revenue constituted 44% of our automotive
                     product sales.


Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                     Page 10 of 24
[page 12]
                     EBITDA for the quarter grew by 49% to 303 crore. EBITDA margin was 23.1%,
                     which is lower by about 0.7% compared to the same quarter last year. The
                     margin was lower primarily on account of product mix and higher input
                     prices, despite the positive impact of the operating leverage.

                     Our profit after tax grew by 45% to 181 crores. PAT margin was 13.6%, which
                     is lower by 0.7% compared to last year. Between EBITDA and PAT, we had a
                     positive impact on the margin from lower depreciation percentage and
                     exceptional expenses booked in the 1st quarter of last year. Whereas PAT
                     margin was pulled down by lower EBITDA margin and lower net finance
                     income.

                     Slide 27:

                     Now on to the final slide on our key ratios. All these ratios except VA to
                     employee cost have shown improvement in this quarter. In case of VA to
                     employee cost, there is a decline compared to previous period, mainly due
                     to change in the product mix in favor of assembly products. Our return ratios
                     continue to show gradual improvement, as I had indicated in the previous
                     quarters as well. The impact of QIP fundraise has been absorbed in the ratios,
                     and incremental returns from businesses are now supporting these ratios. Our
                     net debt continues to be negative. Therefore, net debt to EBITDA ratio also
                     continues in a negative territory. Both the turnover ratios showed
                     improvement in this quarter, supported by a robust revenue growth. Besides
                     this, the working capital turnover ratio also improved due to a significant
                     reduction in debtor days, which also made this as our best quarter from an
                     operational cash flow perspective.

                     With this, we've come to the end of our earnings presentation. I'll now hand
                     over the proceedings back to the Nomura team.

Moderator:           Thanks everyone, we will now open the floor for a Q&A session. If you wish to
                     ask a question, please use the raise hand function located at the bottom
                     right of the Webex page, and we will unmute your line and prompt you to
                     speak, or you may submit your question via Q&A chat box addressing to all
                     panelists.

Kapil Singh:         Yeah, Vivek, by the time the question queue builds, probably I'll start off. First
                     of all, congratulations to you and the entire team for executing this, very
                     significant and, momentous, joint venture, and we look forward to all the
                     progress from this. But I'll start off with a question on an area which I don't
                     understand much, which is AI. How should we think about this? And compare
                     and contrast this to the automotive business, in terms of, firstly, you know, we
                     understand you have certain physical capabilities, but there is, probably half
                     of the value lies in the software aspect as well. So, is that, how are you going
                     to target that, if at all? And secondly, in terms of the return ratios, capital
                     commitment, how are you thinking about it because it's a completely new
                     and evolving area. So, any guidance here in terms of how you're thinking will
                     help?

Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                    Page 11 of 24
[page 13]
Vivek Vikram Singh:   Sure. So let's go back, Pratik, to that slide which had the services, etc. Yeah,
                      the Robotics and Physical AI slide. But first, Kapil one, thank you for being our
                      host for 5 years, which obviously gives you the privilege of asking questions
                      first and you have seen all our presentations. So we've been talking about this
                      software and hardware becoming almost one for a long while now, if you
                      remember. Our suspension motor product has 2 million lines of code. Almost
                      nothing we make today is just metal, it is metal and a few lines of code. If you
                      look at the car, a car today has over a million lines of code, even a regular
                      one. The more advanced electric vehicles who do are 5 million plus and
                      robotaxis are actually physical AI products. Robotaxis, now, what you want
                      to classify them is up to you as an analyst. But to be honest, a lot of these
                      devices have already crossed that border.

                      The closest example I can give to make you understand this is, when
                      electricity first came into our lives, it wasn't that it created revenue only for
                      electricity utility companies or power plant companies. Every single device in
                      your home got connected to electricity and changed. General Electric did
                      not just build light bulbs- toasters, washing machines, vacuum cleaners. The
                      same thing will happen. So that was the electrification of the machine. This
                      will be the addition of intelligence to the machine that these are thinking
                      machines. They can learn and calibrate their behavior as opposed to
                      scripted machines. I think the boundaries between industries will blur quite
                      fast. The things that go into, and I'll give you an example. So you take a
                      reducer that goes into a car, right? We make the reducer for electric vehicles,
                      that will have a 9 is to 1 reduction for the motor’s torque to be increased and
                      RPM to be decreased, right? In a humanoid, in a joint, that ratio will be
                      somewhere between 100 to 160, but it is fundamentally the same concept. It
                      is much smaller, it is far, far more precise. But it is the same product, and you
                      will see the companies that are the new entrants into this place, even in
                      China, if you cover the Chinese companies of robotics and physical AI and
                      you'll see very, very similar names to what you are used to compare them
                      with people like us, our competitors, in fact. So it is a natural extension in that
                      field. Motor players are the ones who will get into frameless motors, and I think
                      a few quarters ago we actually showed a humanoid and said how many
                      motors and how many actuators actually go into one humanoid. But a
                      humanoid is not the only application. A robotaxi is one, and AMR is one, a
                      quadruped is one. You will have multi-access robots that work in factories,
                      can move between stations, and can do multitasking. All of those require the
                      same building blocks. So that is one, and software is already something we
                      do, the example of the win that we spoke about, and I think it's good that we
                      waited one year to announce our entry after we won, because then these
                      questions would perhaps have a suspension of belief element to it. Now you
                      don't have to. So, our first service is one in, one in which we are training an
                      AMR and providing the entire perception software stack. That's it. We're not
                      building the machine. We're providing pure software. The third one is where
                      we'll provide the device as well as the software. So yeah, in a thinking
                      machine environment, opportunities will come from all sides. They will also
                      come from people who do very hardware-oriented things like sheet metal,

Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                     Page 12 of 24
[page 14]
                      because, I mean, it has to be made of something, and those guys will
                      perhaps still, we have value in a pure hardware thing, but most of us will be
                      hardware plus software. Returns, you know, how we have invested so far. We
                      were asked these questions in 2016 by our board. That time, we didn't have
                      external public shareholders. In 2020 and 2021, by public investors, when we
                      were investing in suspension motors and traction motors. I think our record
                      speaks for itself that we are fairly frugal in how we allocate capital, and so
                      far, touch wood, our returns on innovation have far exceeded even our own
                      high expectations.

Kapil Singh:          Okay, thank you. As long as Rohit approves of all the plans, I'm fine.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   He's a very hard man to please, so if we can get it past him, you know that it
                      must be something good.

Kapil Singh:          Yeah, yeah, Sneha we can move along with the question queue.

Moderator:            Yes, we have a question from Pramod Kumar. Pramod, you can go ahead.

Pramod Kumar:         Congratulations to the entire team on the collaboration. Vivek, my first
                      question is on the joint venture 2, as you call it, the high voltage joint venture.
                      So what, what are the timelines you can share here, given the understanding
                      you have with Denso, as to what, what should be the timeline we should see
                      some bit revenue recognition starting or any kind of, some, some color on by
                      when can we expect some more updates on the business, on the high
                      voltage, because the two wheeler and the three wheeler traction motor is a
                      business which is gaining traction any which ways and it goes to the JV
                      straight away. And also if you can share by the both the joint ventures,
                      activation will be, on the same date or there could be some gap between
                      the, good of, of the, the incorporation of the joint ventures and all of that. So
                      if you can just share some color on the timeline, sir.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Okay, the SOP timelines, I will answer, and I'll let the second part be answered
                      by Rohit or Sat, whoever chooses to. The SOP timelines, unfortunately,
                      Pramod, we are restricted by confidentiality agreements on it, because, you
                      know, multiple parties are involved, from DENSO’s side, from customer side,
                      so we'll have to hold that. But as soon as we humanly can is really the actual
                      timeline. But Rohit and Sat can answer on the specifics of the JV formation
                      and which one will lead and lag, etc.

Sat Mohan Gupta:      Hi, thanks, Vivek. Rohit, you want to answer?

Rohit Nanda:          No, no, it's okay, Sat. Please go ahead.

Sat Mohan Gupta:      Thanks, Rohit and Vivek. Pramod, the first, JV will be leading it and the 2nd JV
                      will be following it, so I can't share you the timing exactly. But, the first JV is the
                      one which will kickstart, faster. Yeah.

Pramod Kumar:         Yes, thanks a lot, and Vivek, I'll try another attempt on the product portfolio
                      for the JV2 because Denso is a world leader when it comes to a lot of the
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                         Page 13 of 24
[page 15]
                      hybrid systems. They're by far the world leader, and, and have like 2 decades
                      plus of experience on the hybrid side. So, and, also they're pretty, as in, they
                      developed the EV vertical, also the battery electric vehicle vertical also very
                      well. So if you can just help us understand what is the kind of capability, what
                      it brings to, it brings to the joint venture because, we were not exactly fully
                      updated on the, I at least I was not fully updated on your own solo plan on
                      the high voltage motor as to what all parts you will be doing, whether that
                      included, the, liquid cooling, the cooling systems and the inverters and all of
                      that. And, given Denso already has a very globally proven portfolio there,
                      what could be the potential here? If you can just help us understand some
                      bit of sizing up of the market, the TAM, because you kind of gave us a pretty
                      good view on the, on the, on the robotic side. So if you can help us
                      understand, or, or size up the opportunity here, which, one should look
                      forward to, in this journey of 10 years.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Yeah. So, good question, Pramod, and you're absolutely right, Denso is not a
                      leader, it is by far the runaway leader when it comes to hybrid powertrains.
                      The electrification business revenue for Denso is above $8 billion a year. That
                      obviously, we get the JV2 gains immensely from that exposure and that
                      would be a market leading position in itself. The EV part, you're right, we have,
                      made some progress and we will do more progress jointly. There are some
                      parts that they bring in, including, I mean, in controller technologies, they
                      have the full spectrum. You name it, you name any kind of technology in
                      control systems and Denso has it in their portfolio. And that strengthens our
                      own controller thing. What we are good at is the motor part, the
                      manufacturing excellence design. Because you, we start with frugal design
                      because we're starting even at TRL level one, we do cost targets. So, It is,
                      you're building something for a very different market in which cost pressure is
                      very high, which allows us to offer a compelling product. So both of them put
                      together should make a fairly, fairly strong combination. Market size, I did say
                      2030, 24,000 crores, but if you were to look at 2035, this number will be many
                      times that. It will be maybe 3 times that, and that is what we are looking at.
                      Frankly, neither Denso nor us, have ever accepted anything less than market
                      leadership. We will leave it to your imagination on how much market share
                      that that entails, but neither of us are people who like being second. So
                      hopefully, we, that gives some color. I can't really say more than this.

Pramod Kumar:         And anything on the capex intake for JV2

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Sure, capex intensity of motor business and control system businesses is
                      actually low. I mean, even in our two-wheeler thing, as I think I've shared
                      before, for ₹1 of capex, you can get 8 to 9 rupees of revenue easily in high
                      voltage systems, Sat, how much do you think for ₹1 of capex, how much
                      revenue is the thumb rule?

Sat Mohan Gupta:      It will be at least 11-12




Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                    Page 14 of 24
[page 16]
Vivek Vikram Singh:   Yeah, 11-12. Yeah, because it's more about the technology thing. It is know-
                      how, the number of iterations you've done, it isn't a very capital intensive
                      thing. It is more engineering intensive.

Pramod Kumar:         Hm and I understand that the competition intensity in this category is not as
                      severe as the two wheeler space. So if you can just help us understand when
                      you look at the India, high voltage motor landscape, how many guys are
                      actually out there who have got local manufacturing capability with high
                      level of localization, and, or is it we're still relying on largely imported
                      subassemblies getting put together here?

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Pramod, your question has the answer, and I can't say more than that
                      because I'll get into trouble because some of these things may not even
                      entirely be legal. Some of these things will be people claiming PLI when they
                      shouldn't exactly. So, I don't want to get into a contentious issue. But what I
                      will say is two-wheeler, three wheeler is far more competitive, and we are
                      able to on our own take market leadership. This one is less competitive
                      because of the technology barrier. High voltage technology is not easy to
                      crack, and hence there will be lesser competitive intensity. I think we'll make
                      a fairly big dent in the market.

Pramod Kumar:         Wish you all the best, sir. Thanks a lot. Thank you.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Thank you so much Pramod.

Moderator:            We have our next question from Nitin Arora. Nitin, please go ahead.

Nitin Arora:          Yeah, hi, good evening team, and thanks for the presentation. My first
                      question is, if you can, throw some light on this EV volumes which are going
                      up, you know, just are you thinking about, capacity because on the recent
                      calls, all the OEMs are just upsizing their capacity, on the EV. So just wanted
                      your take, how you are looking at the schedules or how you're looking,
                      thinking about EV growing, EV market in India, Europe and US, what kind of
                      traction you are seeing? Is it, you feel that this is something really now coming
                      at inflection, the kind of inquiries, what are you getting from OEMs? So my first
                      question is on that.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   So, Nitin, as always, good to hear your voice. EV is in a way, right now, we are
                      not constrained by demand. Actually, all our OEMs are not constrained by
                      demand. They are constrained by their own supply chain challenges. We are
                      definitely not the supply chain challenge, and if you talk to OEM please tell
                      them, that if you're having capacity issues, please go to Sona Comstar, we
                      have enough and more capacity for them. Sat, do you have any capacity
                      constraints?

Sat Mohan Gupta:      Not right now.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   I can assure you, neither does Vikram. We have always built capacity ahead
                      of markets and that is definitely not our problem, but unfortunately, Nitin, and

Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                    Page 15 of 24
[page 17]
                      as you well understand, any vehicle has hundreds of parts. So even if one
                      supplier becomes the bottleneck, the whole system has to stop. If you read
                      the book Goal, the slowest member of the team actually decides the pace
                      of the group. So unfortunately, we are able to sell less than we ideally would
                      have, but not much we can do about other players in the supply chain.

Nitin Arora:          And how, how's the EV, you're seeing traction in Europe and US because, and
                      also if in Europe, do you see further traction on that supply chain area, which
                      was getting a little weakened.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Yes, so Nitin, Europe is electrifying very fast. I mean, whether it be fully BEV or,
                      whether it be strong hybrids or plug-in hybrids, they are actually accelerating
                      quite fast. India is actually the fastest growing EV market in the world, I think,
                      right now. So India is doing phenomenally well. USA, we are seeing a shift to
                      hybrids as you saw even in one of our events, but the EV market is not doing
                      so well in the US right now. But despite that, I think we will see phenomenal,
                      EV growth in the, in this year at least. This is, I don't know, Nitin, if it's an
                      inflection or not. After COVID, I would have definitely said it was an inflection
                      because this is just one quarter of data, let me have 2-3 data points, so
                      another quarter or so, then we know that it's actually inflection, but it is
                      trending very, very positively.

Nitin Arora:          Just, lastly, you know, as I think, as Kapil said, even, I don't understand the
                      third part of the business, I need to dwell more on this physical AI. But when
                      you started your electric business, whatever the number today is, it took you,
                      I think, about 4 or 5 years. You said you have 800 crores of orders already in
                      the order book. How we should think about this business ramp up because
                      I'm sure when you're talking about opportunity pie, you will get more. But is it
                      from an execution perspective, is it going to take the same time or how we
                      should think about the, the sizing of this business over the next 2 or 3 years?

Vivek Vikram Singh:   It's a good question, Nitin, and I think I've answered this on a prior earnings
                      call in which I said, first 3 years when you make a new product or get into a
                      new technology, you make no money. Year 4, you see your 1st $1 of revenue.
                      Year 5, you start making the 1st $10 million odd dollar number, and year 7 or
                      year 8 is when it becomes a $100 million business. We saw that with EV
                      differential assemblies, we're seeing that with EV traction motors. We will see
                      that with suspension motors, pretty much the same timeline or time frame of
                      how it happens. I think this one will be faster, much faster, probably. So, that's
                      the difference, it is faster than our internal assumptions too. How much too
                      early to tell, but yeah, we will get to each of those milestones earlier than we
                      typically used to.

Nitin Arora:          Thank you. Thank you, Vivek and team. All the best as always. Thank you.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Thank you, Nitin.

Moderator:            Next question is from Jay Kale. Jay, please go ahead.


Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                      Page 16 of 24
[page 18]
Jay Kale:             Good evening and thanks for taking my question. And congratulations on
                      the announcements, heartening to know. You know, my first question is
                      regarding your passenger vehicle motor. You know, you have the JV with
                      Denso, you have, you know you have tried your share of, you know, making
                      the passenger vehicle EV motor in the last few years, so there would have
                      been some developments around that. And of course, now, what kind of
                      capabilities you bring to that in this JV. And also from a backward integration
                      perspective, do you think that you have a significant lead compared to the,
                      compared to your peers who are trying to get into this and your existing
                      business can also capture a lot of that opportunity feeding into this, JV. That
                      would be my first question.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   So Jay, the short answer, yes, long answer is, of course, even if you get a PO
                      today, it'll take 3 years to SOP, right? I mean, that's how automotive works. 32
                      months is the cycle. But yes, we are well positioned because the supply chain
                      is the same. So there are 2 or 3 building blocks to this. First is design, that, can
                      you design your motor to be the most frugal, yet the best quality expression
                      of what you're trying to build. That, you, your job is to provide traction while
                      using the least amount of material possible. So that is the most efficient way
                      to do it. So design from a cost perspective from day 1. Two, building the
                      supply chain because, you know, no man can do this alone, and there is, it is
                      an assembled product, as Rohit was mentioning and value addition at our
                      end is lower. Third, will be the knowledge of the market and hence designing
                      a product that works for India. So you need to know the duty cycle. So you
                      would have had to study it. If you remember 2021, in our second or third
                      earnings call, Jay, I'd mentioned that we have done an MOU with a three-
                      wheeler company to get data. For 1 year, we just captured duty cycle data
                      to make better motors and inverters for the 3-wheeler market, and a year
                      after that is when we actually launched the product. So you have to work on
                      all three and make a product that day 1 becomes the most competitive
                      product in the industry, because in automotive, as you well know, it's not
                      enough to be the best. You have to be the best as well as the most
                      economically competitive. It is a combination of this that one has to work on
                      always. Of course, we will bring some of these, but Denso is a company we
                      admire, like these are the companies you want to become one day, right?
                      Bosch, Denso, that's the league in which we also want our name to be taken
                      one day. They have taken 85 years to get there. We are just 25 years old. And
                      one day, hopefully we will get there, but it comes by partnering with people
                      of that stature. And the question that you should ask is why would someone
                      like Denso feel comfortable with someone like Sona Comstar? We are 1/100th
                      their size, I think, in revenue. But the respect that we have got from them is
                      definitely not 1/100th. And that, that means we've been building something
                      which is important, it is something that is worth being proud of.

Jay Kale:             Great, my second question is regarding, you know, your view on how do you
                      see this evolution of this market in terms of OEM adoption, was, you know,
                      let’s take e-axels in context. How do you see the adoption of OEMs, for e-
                      axles versus, you know, taking the products independently and integrating.

Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                      Page 17 of 24
[page 19]
                       And in your JV, you know, is there any future possibility of, you know,
                       transitioning to that, or do you think that maybe the localization efforts of your
                       peers are, are, are not up to the mark where you have a significant lead over
                       them? So just your view on the evolution of this market over the next 5-7 years.

Vivek Vikram Singh:    Sure, so let's just first start with what is an e-axel. An e-axle is an integrated
                       assembly. Which assembles a motor, an inverter, and a gearbox, right? You
                       add all of these, you get an e-axle. Now this could be done by a tier one for
                       an OEM or it could be done by the OEM themselves. And frankly, both models
                       are equally valid. In early stages of electrification, when people are making
                       far less volume, they're OK keeping the whole e-axle outside, but I suspect it
                       will come inside also because, and Jay, you know how this works, the battery
                       is not in your control, e-axle is also gone. What is your design leverage as an
                       OEM? What is your cost leverage as an OEM? What is your bargaining power?
                       Like, what are you making? the shell and the wheels, like, that's kind of not,
                       that critical then. So I think this will change, more OEMs may integrate it
                       themselves, but for the JV, the JV can sell to tier ones who make e-axles. It
                       can sell directly to OEMs integrating motors and inverters themselves, and it
                       can also sell to Sona Comstar, to our driveline division, where we could make
                       the e-axle with the help of our own motor inverters. So all three models are
                       open, but ultimately the customer decides what they want and who they
                       want it from, and we must always stay humble and know that the customer
                       is the one who comes first, who is above us all.

Jay Kale:              That's great to know. I'll just squeeze in one last question on the robotics side,
                       of course, this quarter you've been much more, you know, open about
                       sharing a lot of details, than the last few quarters on them, of course, because
                       of some developments. Just from your perspective, have, has the market
                       evolution surprised you positively over the last few quarters? Or has Sona
                       Comstar's pace of development been faster than expected, you know, for
                       this, because there's a marked change on a lighter note on your comments
                       in robotics in historical quarters, or maybe you are downplaying it, to currently
                       on the developments.

Vivek Vikram Singh: Yeah, so Jay, I'll answer that we were downplaying it a little bit, one without
                    proof of success, I think one should not talk about anything. I know there are
                    a lot of companies out there who talk about things that may happen in 3 or
                    4 years and we didn't want to be those and second, also remember last year
                    was not that great for us. I know we grew and everything, but not to our
                    satisfaction. And when you're not doing so well, right? There are two
                    tendencies: one, out of desperation, you start announcing big things. And
                    then people start, you lose credibility. Which is why we downplayed it
                    intentionally, that we will come when we have something positive, when we
                    have something substantial, then we will talk. Otherwise, you know, there are
                    people who like, I mean, in India, you know, that mentality that people want
                    to see you fail. And if you're an innovative company, 100% they want to see
                    you fail, and there'll be many critics, and they'll say, oh, these guys will just tell
                    stories or something negative. Why go through all that? So when we are in a
                    position of strength. We are doing well. We have the orders. That's the right
Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                    Page 18 of 24
[page 20]
                      time to do it. As always, under promise over deliver is a better strategy than
                      promising before time. To the first part of your question. Both have surprised
                      me. Our team is brilliant. Vikram's team has done wonders that they have
                      moved so fast. However, the market evolution, also Jay, is much faster than
                      we expected.

Jay Kale:             Great. Thanks and all the best.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Thanks, Jay.

Moderator:            Next question is from Sonal Gupta. Sonal, please go ahead.

Sonal Gupta:          One question from my side, just going back to JV1, I mean, we're already
                      doing very well on the traction motor for two wheelers and three wheelers,
                      and that's been, I mean, clearly this quarter again, a very strong growth in
                      that business. So I'm just trying to understand the motivation for putting that
                      in the JV and in what respects do you think Sona gains from putting that as a
                      JV with Denso.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Sure, so, Sonal. If a company like Denso wants to partner with you and they
                      think they bring value, I wish you were from my industry. I mean, to someone
                      in my industry, it is, this question is kind of unthinkable that it is even a question.
                      Second, there is a customer base that is in a way not that open to us right
                      now, that opens up. Third, the export opportunity opens up for us to other
                      markets where Denso is far more dominant. And fourth, yes, on paper it's two
                      different JVs, but in our minds and in our hearts, it is one JV. It is structured
                      differently, but we want to partner across the board, like I said, across vehicle
                      categories, across technologies. When you partner with someone, like when
                      you marry someone, either commit fully or don't commit. You can't pick and
                      choose. That is a very spreadsheet way of looking at life, and it seldom works
                      out, in my opinion.

Sonal Gupta:          Right, no, I'm just asking. I don't know, I'm frankly not aware of how much
                      Denso is focused on the two-wheeler, three-wheeler market, so that's why
                      that question, and…

Vivek Vikram Singh:   If they weren't focused, they wouldn't do it and they wouldn't pay money to
                      do it is a natural, I would say, answer to that.

Sonal Gupta:          Got it. Thanks. And just in terms of like, again, the only difference between
                      the two sort of statements on the JVs is that in the JV2, we don't mention e-
                      axle. So just any thoughts there on why e-axle is in JV1 and not JV2.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Sure, e-axles in JV1 will be a very tiny market anyway, but JV2 will make
                      motors and inverters. e-axles, like I said, this can sell to e-axle makers who are
                      actually answered that in detail, but I'll say it again. E-axle is an integration of
                      motor, inverter, and gearbox. There are many e-axle makers that we sell to
                      today also, by the way. e-axles is not that, the guy who makes e-axles makes
                      all of the components themselves. We sell differentials to e-axles, large e-axles

Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                         Page 19 of 24
[page 21]
                      makers all over the world, and the e-axles could be integrated by the OEMs.
                      And like I said, there could be 3 models, JV can sell to the OEM, JV can sell
                      to tier 1s making e-axles, and JV can sell to Sona Comstar, who could make
                      e-axles. So, then we could be making it in the driveline part of our business.

Sonal Gupta:          Got it. Okay, great. Thank you

Vivek Vikram Singh:   So and again, the ambition, by the way, like two-wheeler, three-wheeler,
                      we're doing well in India, and we're 25%, but 25% is also not enough. Why not
                      more than 50%? For that, you need to work in a slightly different way. Second,
                      India is not the be all and end all. And if you want to go global, it does help.
                      Our brand is not as well known in this space as Denso’s is, like by a margin of,
                      I think 100:1, they are better known than us.

Sonal Gupta:          Got it. Great. Thanks, Vivek. Thank you so much for answering my questions.

Kapil Singh:          Yeah, hi Vivek, there are a few questions in the chat box. Some of them have
                      already been answered, but, I'll just try to run through them. So, I think this
                      question is specific to JV2, is it focused on the Indian market only, or will it
                      cater to the global market through Denso?

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Of course, I will try to answer it. We begin with India and then we look at the
                      world. I think it is also in, Maebara San from Denso has answered even in the
                      press release, I think there is a mention that in time, in phase two is when we
                      would look at it. Phase one is to get this up and running, then get Indian
                      customers, start satisfying that, and then in phase two, we would also look at
                      that. So yeah, definitely on the anvil, but yes, it will take time.

Kapil Singh:          Okay. And then another question for JV2, so for reaching the revenue stage,
                      would it be 2 to 3 years away?

Vivek Vikram Singh:   I think I mentioned to Pramod that we can't comment on the timeline. There
                      are certain confidentiality I wish, I mean, you, you know, we are fairly
                      transparent and if we could, we could have told it, but we can't share that.

Kapil Singh:          Okay, so the question basically is asking this will entail the entire product
                      development process that is validation, testing, etc. and then reach.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Of course.

Kapil Singh:          Yeah, Okay. Does Denso supply any of these products in India in EVs and
                      hybrids?

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Sat?

Sat Mohan Gupta:      I think I'll pass this question.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Yeah, I think, yeah, we can't speak about it, and it is not fair to ask us this
                      question, to be honest. This is a question about a different company who's
                      our partner, and they should be answering it, not us.

Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                   Page 20 of 24
[page 22]
Kapil Singh:          Okay. 4th question, this is probably for Rohit, the VA per employee has been
                      declining, can you elaborate on the reasons for the same, especially on a
                      QoQ basis? I think you touched upon it, but yeah.

Rohit Nanda:          So I actually answered it when I covered this, but basically, when the product
                      mix changes, so, as you all know, our motor and railway businesses are more
                      of assembly businesses, whereas driveline business is where, you know, the
                      value addition from raw materials stage to finished goods is higher. So,
                      depending upon which business is growing faster, this ratio tends to change.
                      So while the higher the better is, is obviously the rule, but the thing is that 4.5
                      times, itself is also very strong. So I'm not trying to take away the fact that it
                      has come down, but basically, it can vary from quarter to quarter. So, FY27
                      number that you look at, that's purely based on Q1 revenue, so there is a shift,
                      I mean, if there's a shift in one quarter, it will move like that. So that's the
                      explanation.

Kapil Singh:          Okay, and then this question is on AI. It brings tremendous opportunities but
                      also raises ethical concerns and Sona Comstar has always committed to
                      respecting human values, cultural diversity, privacy, fairness, etc.
                      transparency. So how will you ensure that these core values are maintained
                      and protected?

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Certainly, so, the applications you choose obviously decide the ethical
                      guardrails, and it is a good question, a surprising one, I must say, but a good
                      question. The first thing you do actually, when you do any project with
                      artificial intelligence involved. Literally, even before the data structure
                      mapping, you actually designed the guardrails. That what are the guardrails
                      for the data? Also, you must know that because we supply to European
                      customers, GDPR rules are so severe that it has to pass through a very high
                      bar for data to be taken. Now an amazing thing, that most of our perception
                      stack is built around radar. Now, radar cannot see you as a person. Like they
                      can detect your outline. They know it's a human being, they can detect
                      heartbeat, but it will not capture your face, your voice, and hence it anyway
                      has that privacy layer built in because of the core technology. But yes, this is
                      something that we're always sensitive about, especially if it is a transmitting
                      device. But good question, it is always going to be built into whatever we do.
                      Fortunately, our customers are also the kind of people who need this to be
                      built in as the first layer.

Kapil Singh:          Okay. Then we have a question on, you know, Rupees 8 billion order book for
                      robotics. When are SOPs for these orders?

Vivek Vikram Singh:   They range, some of them are as early as next quarter, some of them next
                      year, but they are not very far in the future. Let's put it that way. Rohit, you,
                      you want to take a stab at this?

Rohit Nanda:          No, but I think that's the kind of detail we can share at this moment. So you're
                      right. I mean, most of this will start production, let's say within 12 to 15 months


Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                     Page 21 of 24
[page 23]
                      max. I mean, like Vivek said, one will probably start within a quarter or so, and,
                      the rest probably in a year or so.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Actually, 1 is this quarter, 1 is next quarter, 1 within 15 months.

Kapil Singh:          Then how is the rare earth situation panning out?

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Oh, it's been a while since we got this one. Yeah, rare earth magnets are still
                      restricted. So heavy rare earth magnets cannot be imported. Almost all that
                      we do today is with light rare earth alternatives, and it's working fine. We don't
                      think there is going to be much change. Like, we don't have an update, to
                      be honest. It's been the same way for the last 5 quarters now. Is that a
                      reference to the red earth magnet scheme of the government, or is it to the
                      red earth magnet import situation? I didn't fully get the question.

Kapil Singh:          I think it's probably, to the rare earth shortage situation that we faced on
                      imports.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Yeah, so then I've answered it, that we shifted to light rare earth alternatives
                      and there is no real magnet shortage as shown by our EV traction motor
                      business growth.

Kapil Singh:          Okay. I think this is an interesting question. Please help me understand which
                      product is expected to grow the fastest, the order 2, please, and which
                      entails the highest margins.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Second, part will not answer. The 1st part, I think it'll be one of Sat's products
                      only. Actually, Kapil, this a very hard question, yeah, because if let's say there
                      is a product which has almost no revenue in the last year, actually, Amit might
                      have some products which had no revenue last year and they suddenly will
                      grow. They will grow at infinity %. But in the ones that already exist, I think
                      suspension motors are growing the fastest rate. The traction motor would be
                      the second. Vikram, unless you are going to surprise us all with something you
                      are growing. No, Vikram is choosing to ignore me.

Kapil Singh:          Okay. I think this is the last one that I have in the chat box, and, that is, I just
                      need to clarify if we consume orders worth 15 billion, how are the revenues
                      only 13 billion?

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Sorry?

Kapil Singh:          If we consumed orders worth 15 billion, how are the revenues only 13 billion?

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Oh the order book consumption is of 10 years, right? So you've got to like,
                      divide by that much. So, Pratik you want to take a stab at this one, you
                      haven't got a chance for some time. I think this question used to come in the
                      first year of IPO and Pratik used to answer it. So, good throwback. And this is
                      also, by the way, 5 years that we were listed.



Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                        Page 22 of 24
[page 24]
Pratik Sachan:        Yeah, so basically the consumption we take out from all the future years for
                      the orders. So let's say if you assume the average life of an order is 8 years, so,
                      then it is, the consumption from the quarter is multiplied by 32 times. So that is
                      why this kind of difference you are seeing.

Kapil Singh:          Okay. Great. I'll pass it on to Sneha. I believe we have one more, raised hand.
                      Sneha, over to you?

Moderator:            Yes, we have a question from Jay Kale.

Jay Kale:             Yeah, thanks for, yeah, thanks for taking my follow-up. Just one clarification,
                      how do you see the execution timeline of robotics orders? For autos, it's
                      typically around 7 years, I guess. But, how different is it for robotics?

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Hmm, that is actually a very good question, Jay, and I don't think I know.
                      Because I don't think the guys making the robotics right now know also,
                      because even the first generation has not ended its lifespan. So good
                      question, Vikram, you want to answer this one? This is, I don't know the answer.

Vikram Verma:         The pace at which people are making normally will mature, on the ground.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   He's saying jese order mila (translation: once we get the order), normally how
                      many years would it run till like, so I said I don't know what the model life cycle
                      is in.

Vikram Verma:         I mean, there will be a lot of evolution of the same product. So, it is still
                      growing, I mean, they're still figuring out. So there will be generations. I think
                      unlike automotive, this generation changes will happen more frequently.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Correct.

Vikram Verma:         So even the largest guys, has already started making the 3rd generation. The
                      1st generation has not come on the shop.

Jay Kale:             Okay, so I think this segment is as difficult for analysts as it is for manufacturers.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   This is early. It's like going back and electricity has just come into the world
                      and you are in year 2 and now you're an analyst and trying to figure out what
                      will happen in 10 years. It is exactly that.

Jay Kale:             Great. All the best.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Or an experiment you can do, Jay, wake up in the morning and say each
                      device that you interact with, from your toothbrush to your window to your
                      alarm. What if it was truly thinking and learning, and it could change the way
                      things happen, and you will realize the potential is actually almost limitless.

Jay Kale:             Perfect. Great. Thanks and all the best, Vivek. Thank you.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Thank you, Jay.

Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                        Page 23 of 24
[page 25]
Kapil Singh:          I think with that, we have come to the end of the question queue. We don't
                      have any further questions and we've run out of time as well. So I'll thank
                      everyone for joining this call and thank you, Sona Comstar team for giving us
                      this opportunity to host you. Always a pleasure. And, Sneha with this, we can
                      close the call.

Moderator:            Thanks everyone. We will now conclude this call. If you have any follow-up
                      questions, please feel free to email your Nomura sales representative or
                      corporate access team. You may now drop off the line.

Vivek Vikram Singh:   Thank you. Thanks, everyone. Bye. Thank you.



Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy.




Sona Comstar – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call                                                Page 24 of 24
