=== A1 EXTRACTION HEADER ===
source_filename: pressrelease_sona_q1fy27.pdf
doctype: presentation
page_count_pdfinfo: 4
formfeed_count: 4
line_count: 183
unit_convention: Crores
conversion_factor_to_cr: Crores -> x1 (note: order-book figures in this release are stated in Rs billion/million, e.g. "Rs 6.4 billion", "Rs 900 million", "Rs 2.1 billion" -- extracted verbatim, unconverted; downstream agents must convert those specific order-book lines separately: billion -> x100, million -> x0.1)
ocr_pages: none
page_coverage: 100%
detected_quarter: Q1 FY27
extraction_date: 2026-07-23
=== END HEADER ===
[page 1]
23rd July, 2026

 BSE Ltd.                                     National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
 Regd. Office: Floor - 25,                    Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza,
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                   Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
 Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001.                Mumbai - 400 051
 BSE Scrip Code: 543300                       NSE Scrip: SONACOMS


Subject: - Press Release

Dear Sir / Madam,

Pursuant to Regulation 30 and schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing
Regulations”), we have enclosed herewith the press release on the unaudited
Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended
on 30th June, 2026.


Kindly take the same on record.

Thanking you,

For SONA BLW PRECISION FORGINGS LIMITED
Pankaj      Digitally signed
            by Pankaj Gupta

Gupta       Date: 2026.07.23
            16:07:42 +05'30'
Pankaj Gupta
Senior Vice President (Legal),
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

Enclosed: As above
[page 2]
Results Release
For immediate publication



       Sona BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. announces Q1 FY27 Results

               Announced entry in new growth vertical- Robotics & Physical AI
           Highest-ever Revenue, BEV Revenue and BEV revenue share in a quarter
             Revenue grows 54% YoY, EBITDA grows 49%, and PAT grows 45% YoY



Gurgaon, India, April 30, 2026: Sona BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar), a leading mobility technology
company providing mission-critical systems and components for electrified and non-electrified powertrain
segments, today announced its financial results for the quarter ended June 30th, 2026.

Key Financial Highlights – Q1 FY27

   •   Revenue of Rs. 1,310 crores with 54% YoY growth
   •   Revenue share from BEV at an all-time high at 44% in Q1, BEV revenue grew strongly by 107% YoY
   •   EBITDA of Rs. 303 crores with a margin of 23.1% and 49% YoY growth
   •   PAT of Rs. 181 crores with a net profit margin of 13.6% and 45% YoY growth

   •   We won three orders which include one EV program, one hybrid program and one ICE program.


Management Comment

Mr Vivek Vikram Singh, MD & Group CEO, commented: “Q1 FY27 marks the unveiling of Sona Comstar 2.0—
our ambition to grow tenfold again over the next decade. As part of this strategy, we announced our entry
into Robotics and Physical AI. Our partnership with DENSO also takes us into high-voltage electric and hybrid
powertrain systems, completing an important missing piece in our electrification portfolio.

The quarter was equally strong financially. We delivered our highest-ever quarterly revenue, BEV revenue and
BEV revenue share. Revenue grew by 54% year on year, while EBITDA and PAT increased by 49% and 45%,
respectively. BEV revenue more than doubled, and its share of automotive revenue reached an all-time high
of 44%, despite continued weakness in the US EV market. This demonstrates the increasing diversification of our
EV business across customers, products and geographies. We also secured new business across EV, hybrid and
ICE powertrains, spanning India, Europe and North America and nearly every product category in which we
operate.”




Operational Highlights – Q1 FY27

Key Developments:
   •   Sona Comstar has unveiled its Sona Comstar 2.0 strategy with an aspiration to repeat 10 times revenue
       growth in the next decade ending FY35 that it achieved in the past decade ending FY25. Under this




                                                                                                   Page | 1
[page 3]
Results Release
For immediate publication


         new strategy, Sona Comstar will – 1) accelerate building new product verticals both organically and
         inorganically, 2) increase its focus on the Eastern world markets, and 3) target another long-term
         technology growth pillar alongside electrification – intelligent and connected systems.
    •    Sona Comstar also announced expansion of its existing growth vertical of Sensors and Software to
         “Robotics and Physical AI”. Under this new vertical, it will focus on – 1) Building mission-critical
         components and subsystems for Robotics and Physical AI, 2) Developing perception stack and
         providing ER&D services for all types of Robotics and Physical AI platforms, and 3) Developing and
         manufacturing selected types of full-stack robot platforms.
    •    Sona Comstar has received an order from an existing customer, a North American OEM of ICE and
         Electric Passenger Vehicles, to supply differential assemblies for their hybrid passenger vehicle platform.
         This program has added Rs 6.4 billion to our order book, and production is likely to commence in H2
         FY29.
    •    Sona Comstar has received two orders from a New Age OEM of Electric two wheelers to supply hub
         wheel traction motors. This program has added Rs 900 million to our order book, and production is likely
         to commence in H2 FY26.
    •    Sona Comstar has received an order from an existing customer, a North American OEM of ICE and
         Electric Passenger Vehicles, to supply differential gears for their ICE passenger vehicle platform. This
         program has added Rs 2.1 billion to our order book, and production is likely to commence in H2 FY28.
**refer to Investor Presentation


- ENDS -


About Sona BLW Precision Forgings Limited
Sona BLW Precision Forgings Limited (Sona Comstar) is one of the world’s leading mobility technology
companies. Founded in 1995, Sona Comstar is headquartered in Gurugram, India. It is a global supplier with
manufacturing and assembly facilities, R&D centres, and engineering capability centres across India, the USA,
Serbia, Mexico, and China.
Sona Comstar designs, manufactures, and supplies highly engineered, mission-critical systems and
components to mobility OEMs. It is a leading supplier of driveline and traction motor solutions to the fast-
growing global electric vehicle (EV) market. As a leading supplier of brake systems, couplers, and suspension
systems for the railway industry, Sona Comstar prioritizes innovation and reliability to ensure safe and
comfortable rail journeys. The company has strong R&D, engineering, and technological capabilities in
precision forging, mechanical and electrical systems, radar sensors, and base and application software
development. It is diversified across geographies, products, vehicle segments, and customers.
Sona Comstar is listed on BSE Ltd (BSE) (Code: SONACOMS/543300) and the National Stock Exchange of India
Ltd. (NSE) (Symbol: SONACOMS). To learn more about Sona Comstar, please visit www.sonacomstar.com.

For more information about us, please visit www.sonacomstar.com or contact:




                                                                                                        Page | 2
[page 4]
Results Release
For immediate publication



 Sona BLW Precision Forgings Ltd.            Archetype


 Ankit Agrawal                               Prerna Rao Tel: + 91 98738 79787
 Head of Investor Relations                  Email: prerna.rao@archetype.co
 Email: ankit.agrawal@sonacomstar.com




DISCLAIMER:
Certain statements made or discussed at the conference call may be forward-looking. Such forward-looking
statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, such as government actions, local, political, or
economic developments, technological risks, and many other factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statements. Sona BLW Precision Forgings
Ltd. will not be responsible, in any manner for any reason whatsoever, for any action taken based on such
statements and discussions, and undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking
statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.




                                                                                                 Page | 3