[page 1]
                                                                    
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
CIN: L72200DL 1992PLC049074, Registered Office: E-44/13, Okhla Phase II, New Delhi 110020, India 
Tel: +91 11 46533200, 26384060, 26384146  Fax:+91 11 26383963 
 
                                                                  
 
Date: 06th May 2026  
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017) 
Scrip Code – 540900 
Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017) 
 
 
   Sub.: Outcome Transcript – Conference Call – Q4 FY’26 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma'am, 
 
As intimated earlier through our letter dated  24th April 2026 regarding the Conference Call of the 
Company, which was held on Thursday, 30th April 2026 at 4:00 P.M. (IST), please find enclosed 
herewith a copy of the transcript of the said call with the Investors/ Analysts. 
 
The transcript of the said call shall be made available on the Company’s website at 
https://newgensoft.com.  
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Aman Mourya 
Company Secretary & Head-Legal 
 
 
  Encl.: a/a 
 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
    
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. T.S. VARADARAJAN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 MR. VIRENDER JEET – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 MR. TARUN NANDWANI – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
– NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 MR. ARUN GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 MS. DEEPTI MEHRA CHUGH – HEAD, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
 LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MS. SEEMA NAYAK – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 

[page 3]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing st ar then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Ms. Seema Nayak from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
Seema Nayak: Hi. Good evening, and welcome to the Q4 FY '26 Earnings Call of Newgen Software 
Technologies. It's my pleasure to introduce the senior management team of Newge n. We have 
with us today Mr. T.S. Varadarajan, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Virender Jeet, Chief Executive 
Officer; Mr. Tarun Nandwani, Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Arun Gupta, Chief Financial 
Officer; and Ms. Deepti Mehra Chugh, Head of Investor Relations. 
 I now hand over the call to Ms. Deepti for proceeding. Thank you, and over to you, Deepti. 
Deepti Mehra Chugh: Thank you so much, Seema. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Q4 FY '26 results 
of the company. Before we move on to the discussion, let me highlight that this call may contain 
certain forward -looking statements concerning Newgen's future busines s prospects and 
profitability, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and the actual results could 
materially vary from the forward-looking statements. Past performance may not be indicative of 
future performance. 
 The company does not undertake to make any announcements in case any of these forward -
looking statements become materially incorrect or update any forward-looking statements made 
from time to time by or on behalf of the company. For further details, you m ay please refer to 
the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 I would now hand over to Mr. Varadarajan for presentation of the results, which will be followed 
by the Q&A by the management. Thank you. 
T.S. Varadarajan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We are pleased to report our 
results for full year and quarter 4 of FY '26. In FY '26, we recorded a revenue growth of 6% Y-
o-Y to reach INR1,574 crores despite the uncertain market conditions. The quality of our 
revenue mix continues to improve materially, driven by expansion in subscription -based 
revenues. Our subscription revenues grew by 24% Y-o-Y to reach INR525 crores. 
 Specifically, the SaaS component grew by 36% Y-o-Y. This provides us with significantly better 
visibility for future revenues in the form of increased deferred revenues. Our annuity revenues 
were at INR968 crores, comprising 62% of total revenues, which is up from 56% in the FY '25. 
This depicts a structurally positive transition to more predictable subscription-led revenues that 
improve revenue visibility. 
[page 4]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 Moving to geographic-specific highlights. Our business model continues to be well diversified 
across geographies, with each geography meaningfully contributing to our growth. U.S. 
geography continued to grow record healthy traction and witnessed revenue g rowth of 17% Y-
o-Y for the full year. 
 In Q4 specifically, U.S. revenues were at INR106 crores, growing at 20% Y-o-Y. Our consistent 
wins during the year opened the door to broader regional adoption. APAC geography witnessed 
revenue growth of 14% Y -o-Y for the full year. India and EMEA continue to be the largest 
contributors to revenues. However, the large deal closures continue to be slower in these regions 
as customers take time to evaluate their technology strategies and due to the geopolitical 
uncertainty. 
 India geography, revenue growth has been muted due to low license revenues and customers 
holding off on making decisions, particularly on large deals. In the EMEA geography, revenue 
growth of performance has faced headwinds by geopolitical uncertainty in the West Asia, 
especially towards the end of the financial year. 
 This has led to delays in large deal closures. The collection from the region have also been slower 
on that account, which has in turn affected the overall DSO. Over the course of the year, we 
added a total 47 new customer logos. At the same time, we deepe ned relationship with the 
existing clients. The number of customers with billing over INR5 crores grew from 87 in FY '25 
to 101 in FY '26, reflecting strong wallet share expansion. 
 Our key wins, particularly this quarter include: providing Retail Loan Origination Solution to a 
leading bank in Malaysia, the aggregate order value of RM 6.75 million; entered into an 
agreement with a leading insurance company in Illinois, U.S., for Policy Binding Solution with 
an order value of $1.6 million; executed an agreement with a leading bank in Kuwait for 
Corporate Finance Origination Solution, Retail Finance Origination Solution and Customer 
Communication Management system. 
 The aggregate value of this order is US$2.2 million; Supply installation and implementation of 
the NewgenONE digital transformation platform for an insurance company in the Caribbean, 
again, the aggregate value is $1.5 million; building a tax compliance system for a large and 
reputed government organization based in UAE, the aggregate value of the agreement is AED 
$5.3 million. 
 Coming to our products, the NewgenONE platform continue to unify content processes and 
communication into an orchestration layer where intelligence is embedded into how enterprises 
operate with the trust, governance and control built in. 
 Continuing with the focus on innovation, Newgen has filed 12 patents during this year and has 
been granted 2 patents in the same period. Overall, as of date, we have 67 patent filings and 25 
patent grants. Our NewgenONE platform helps in creating AI agent s that leverage customer 
approved data to deliver explainable and evidence-based models with full auditability. 
[page 5]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 These agents are safeguarded by the business rules and continuous monitoring to ensure reliable 
performance. By embedding Agentic AI directly into its low-code fabric, NewgenONE enables 
organizations to move beyond process execution towards autonomous, pol icy-safe decision -
making. 
 During the year, we have continued with our focus on selling higher journey-led deals in banking 
and insurance. Especially in the insurance vertical, we have successfully added customers for 
our policy administration system offerings, especially in the mature markets. It gives us immense 
pride to share that for the second consecutive year, Newgen has been cert ified as a Great Place 
to Work. 
 It reflects the strength, consistency and shared values of the culture we have built together. Our 
global workforce numbers approximately 4,300 professionals. Throughout the year, we have 
worked on our employee AI upskilling program to build and scale a co hort AI skilled talent 
within the organization. We have also added senior leadership talent to strengthen go-to-market, 
corporate and innovation capability. 
 On profits and margin, despite uncertainties, we have maintained our operational profitability 
through optimization in costs. Profit after tax for FY '26 was INR301 crores, impacted by 
exceptional items, excluding onetime statutory impact of new Labour Codes and provision for 
legal claim to the extent of INR42 crores. 
 These -- if these exceptional items are excluded, the adjusted profit after tax would have been 
INR334 crores, reflecting a good growth of 6% Y -o-Y instead of negative growth as reflected 
in the books of account, which is incorporating exceptional items. The adjusted net margins are 
at 21.3%. 
 We are accelerating AI -led engineering, automation and operational efficiencies across our 
delivery and product teams. We continue to prudently invest in R&D and sales and marketing 
initiatives. During the year, we have invested nearly 8.5% of our revenues  on R&D initiatives 
and around 22% of revenues on the various sales and marketing activities. 
 On the balance sheet front, we witnessed a robust cash flow generation with our net cash 
generated from operating activities for the year at INR302 crores. We have declared a dividend 
of INR6 per share. Q4 revenue was at INR457 crores versus INR430 crores in Q4 FY '25, which 
is up from 5.3% Y -o-Y. The Q4 SaaS component grew at 44% Y -o-Y, underscoring the 
momentum in our cloud and subscription-based revenues. 
 Our deal pipeline continues to remain strong. Our order bookings have scaled and deferred 
revenue streams have strengthened. All these are providing improved visibility into FY '27. 
While we remain mindful of the broad -- broader market condition, we are confident in our 
ability to continue delivering value to our customers and shareholders. 
 So thank you, and we are now open for Q&A. 
[page 6]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question 
comes from the line of Seema Nayak from ICICI Securities Limited. 
Seema Nayak: So apart from Middle East, are you seeing any broader weakness in BFSI demand? And how is 
NBFC demand looking in India? And my second question is employee cost is at a multiyear 
low. So what exactly is driving that? And there's one more question? 
Virender Jeet: Seema, thank you for asking that. So you're right. I think Middle East also, we didn't see too 
much of weakness, but we saw a disruption in terms of, towards the more critical quarters of -- 
which are very important for our business towards the end of Q4.  So that was the kind of a 
disruption. But on the business or funnel or in terms of building cases, I don't see there is too 
much of disruption over a longer period of time. Still, we continue that, we see strong traction 
both in Saudi, Kuwait, UAE for our business. 
 On the India front, I think NBFCs, as we have covered a lot of public sector banks and banks, 
the larger segment of NBFCs, we are doing a lot of work on that segment. And that seems to be 
one of our growth drivers. Apart from seeing some challenges in are as of personal finance or 
something where there is kind of a slow movement, all other areas which are important in 
NBFCs, we are seeing a growth out there. 
 Having said that, in India, we had a very strong pipeline built over 2 years on account of large 
public sector deals. And we see there is still a challenge in terms of getting the larger deals out 
of the larger banks.  But on typically, the momentum of business in terms of acquiring more 
logos or more deals in NBFCs, we are not seeing too much of a challenge. 
 The other part of your question about the employee cost, I think there are a couple of things 
driving that. Overall, I think there is an operational efficiency coming in as part of the scale. But 
also this year, if you look at most of the revenue streams which have grown are not service 
related. So need of hiring more aggressively was not there. 
 We also have started seeing the early advantages of getting AI-based engineering practices built 
in our system. We had an optimization of roughly around 7% in our manpower numbers for the 
year. And I think that trend, I think, will continue slowly for a f ew years. We continue to still 
hire aggressively from campuses because we will still need lot of people to work on -- to support 
the growth. 
 But as of now, both in terms of what you call a slower demand in the implementation revenue 
stream as well as what the AI advantages are bringing on to the table, are helping us optimize 
the employee cost. Seema does that answer your question? 
Seema Nayak: Yes. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Meet Virani from M&S Investments. 
Meet Virani: Sir my first question on the side of large deal conversion, as we are discussed in earlier con call 
that, you mentioned earlier that, do you have a large deal conversion. But Q4 we have seen 
[page 7]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
strong revenue growth, almost -- so sir can you help me quantify how much of the growth was 
driven by conversion of earlier delay largely and whether deal closure channels have normalized 
or not? 
Virender Jeet: Meet, so I'm not sure I got the -- but I'll try to explain what I understood from the question is. 
So the large deal conversions for last 2 years, if you look at, which have helped predominantly 
the license sale in our part of -- if you look at multiple segments of our revenue, our licenses for 
previous 2 years have grown at a compounded rate of more than 30%, 40% year-on-year. 
 This year, since we have not been able to get the deal momentum of large deals at the same size, 
especially which you are on the backdrop of larger deals coming in Indian public sector or some 
of the larger accounts in Saudi Arabia. 
 Those things we are finding there is a slow take in terms of decision -making process out there. 
And there are multiple reasons about the decision -making process. Some are to do with the 
challenges there are in the economy, but some are in terms of the unc ertainty around the AI or 
taking more time to evaluate whether what people are buying as the right value for the enterprise. 
 So there is overall slowdown in terms of larger deal momentum across all businesses that we are 
seeing broadly. I don't see -- I don't know exactly does it get completely settled. But what we 
have in our control is we have pivoted to getting into more midsized deals and we  are trying to 
accelerate that. 
 And you'll see as part of that this year, I think our deal momentum has been good. In fact, 
between your new logos and existing logos, we have got substantial amount of deals. And they 
have added to large license, but it has not been at the same rate. So d oes that answer your 
question or you have meant something else? 
Meet Virani: Yes. I got it. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Rahul Jain: So I know -- so far what I could gather is that the challenge that we are seeing is mostly on the 
large deal sizes. But in the perspective of how we are seeing the market today in terms of deal 
sizes or in general spending behavior, how we plan to -- Virender, trying to meet the objective 
on the growth side and what should be the aspiration for us with this kind of a macro that we are 
in for FY '27 or maybe on a medium-term basis, what should be the growth band that we should 
be operating at? 
Virender Jeet: Rahul, thank you for the question. So yes, I'll just break it in a couple of things. So one is in 
terms of looking at market today, I think there is an element of uncertainty in the various pockets 
of market. We are still not very sure about how Middle East is going to behave in the first quarter 
and second quarter. 
 We are not -- we are still unsure about some of the larger deals which have got pushed out, 
whether they're going to be decided. Having said that, the applicability of what we have in terms 
[page 8]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
of product solutions, technology, is quite wide. We are continuously expanding new solution 
areas in existing verticals. We are also expanding into newer geos and new markets which we 
have not. 
 So we are slightly focusing on going wide. This year, while we had challenges in India and 
Middle East on the revenue front, but we still had very substantial deals coming in those markets, 
but they didn't match the license revenue of the last year. But o verall, if you look at deals, we 
almost did the same number of deals out there. 
 In the meantime, we have also added a lot of customer bases in the newer markets. I think APAC 
has shown strong momentum. We have also opened markets in Australia and U.K., where more 
deals have come in there. Most of these deals are subscription deals, so  the revenues will start 
figuring in future quarters. 
 So for us, we think we are very strongly believing with the kind of product innovation and the 
vertical journeys we have. We have a very, very wide market. Though you may have momentary 
challenges in one market, that does not change overall growth story of the com pany, our 
company. 
 We are very hopeful that we should be able to push back our growth very fast. In the intermediate 
time, you may have a region or some other regions having challenges for a moment. But overall, 
applicability of our products to wider market, total -- the growth of total addressable markets. 
 We are also thinking that the whole AI is going to give us a next generation of push for enterprise 
content management, our customer communication products. Our insurance systems have got 
early successes we have got in that area. 
 So we are -- if you ask, we are completely optimistic and hopeful. In this kind of an environment, 
projecting a number for next year may not be advisable. I think we'll just wait for 1 or 2 quarters 
till we are getting a much more, better insight of what's happening in the market. 
Rahul Jain: Virender ji, thanks for the color and I can understand we are in a very uncertain scenario. So it 
is very difficult. But we've been facing this challenge for couple of quarters. So we have been 
working on this aspect that where the problems are, what coul d be the potential mitigation step 
and all that. So with that things keeping in mind, is it like at least a double -digit growth is 
something we should be ensuring or you think it is so tough right now, to give any ballpark 
number would be difficult? 
Virender Jeet: So any time we do any growth, which is lesser than our historical growth, we are quite 
disappointed. So our plans never factor the single -digits growth or muted revenue. The other 
problem is, as you're rightly pointing out, last 3, 4 quarters, the way we see the problem is we 
had a very high license jerky revenue base in our revenue streams. 
 Some of that has been already rationalized. The business in control, the deferred revenue and 
what we call the subscription base has grown up. So inherently, the business has some amount 
[page 9]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
of compounding of growth. With even lesser challenges this year, we should be able to probably 
put up a growth number. 
 I would right now hold my horses to claim what is that number, especially, what -- depending 
on what has happened just in the last quarter. We were even thinking of doing much better 
numbers even last year. But I think the last 1 month surprised us depend ing on what -- in our 
major markets, we could not just move anything. So I think just give us one more quarter. I think 
by the end of the next quarter, we should be able to have a much more clear picture. 
Rahul Jain: Just last bit on margin, if I could ask. Since we are of the view that the growth could be a bit 
tricky and we'll keep watching out on that front. So do you think this year, we could see a littl e 
bit of optimization on margin  or do you think last year margin as the best indicator to see for 
this year? 
Virender Jeet: Yes. So you're right. And I think last year, you will see that there's a lot of work which has 
happened on the margin front. So the growth did not sustain, but the margins were quite 
optimized and with a muted growth, we are able to maintain margins. So g enerally, we are 
always in the upfront investment zone. I think this year, we are already at roughly around 21% 
net margins. I think these are quite healthy. 
 I think we would like to still as a business focus on the top line and grow, while being conscious 
about not going overboard on spend this year so that the margins don't get any seriously 
impacted. So I would think our net picture at the end of the year m ay be similar, but it will – 
entirely, so if we hit a growth which is in higher teens, we may have expansion of margin for 
that year. But if it is on a lower teens, we may have -- we should be maintaining similar margins. 
Rahul Jain: Sure. And I would just request management to consider maybe buyback kind of an option if 
given that the pricing has been very attractive, generally the capital in the business requirement 
and the capital beyond working capital is very minimal. So a meaningful allocation there could 
be a good opportunity for company to reduce the equity base and help the investor to boost  up 
the earnings? 
Virender Jeet: Thank you for the suggestion. We'll surely take these all things and we'll consider. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Aditi from ICICI Securities Limited. 
Aditi: Congratulations on good execution. My first question is on the Middle East geography. So are 
we seeing any delays in new deal closures due to ongoing conflict in Middle East? 
Virender Jeet: Yes, Aditi, thank you. Yes, absolutely, I think we had a serious impact last quarter. And we hope 
-- what has happened is all turmoil, after sometimes the business starts, like in COVID, people 
work around that. So we are seeing already that happening. Some amount of decision moving -
- movement is going to progress. Some amount of travel has still opened up, though the re are 
still lot of challenges. 
[page 10]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 So there is an improvement. If it does not deteriorate, we should be able to solve some of those 
problems in Q1 and Q2. But if it deteriorates further, then it's very uncertain to say what happens 
right now. 
Aditi: Can you give a color on how the order book has shaped up, growth in order book for FY '26? 
Virender Jeet: See, our overall order book at the end of the year compared to last year has grown by around 
13%. 
Aditi: Okay. And out of this, some part must have already been converted to revenue? 
Virender Jeet: Yes, yes. So we are comparing apple to apple. So last year also, some part would have been 
converted to revenue. This is the residual at the end of the day. Whatever we booked for the 
whole year vis-a-vis whatever we booked for this whole year, last year. 
Aditi: Okay. Got it. And my last question is on, we have seen a healthy growth momentum in APAC 
and U.S. Do you expect that momentum to continue based on the -- based on how your pipeline 
is shaping up? 
Virender Jeet: Yes. I think we are optimistic about it. And though I think APAC is a smaller territory, so it has 
-- it switches between high-growth periods and lesser growth periods. U.S., the growth is based 
on some amount of a lot of subscription deals acquired over multiple years. So there's not too 
much of jerkiness. But yes, I think both the geos have performed well for us in this uncertain 
time. We think that next year, most of the geos should perform for us. 
Aditi: Okay. And what is working well for us in the U.S? 
Virender Jeet: I think what we are seeing in the U.S., there are 2 areas which we invested in. One is typically 
going to the larger accounts over the last 2, 3 years. So insurance has opened well in that space 
for us, and we are doing a lot of journey -led cases in insur ance. Also, we got some very good 
wins in our ECM-led banking cases. 
 These are 2 things which have shown more positive results. And I think also some of that has 
translated in the revenue in the last 2 quarters, which we were even -- we were previously 
booked. And if we continue to book strong this year, we should be able t o maintain the growth 
momentum. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Swechha Jain from ANS Wealth. 
Swechha Jain: Sir, my first question was around the annuity revenue. Would you be able to give the breakup 
between SaaS, ATS, AMC and support revenue for FY '26? You said 62%, but if you could 
break that down for me? 
Virender Jeet: Okay. I won't have that it's going to be too difficult mathematic. But I think Deepti can -- Deepti 
would send the data to you. 
[page 11]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Deepti Mehra Chugh: Yes, yes. 
Virender Jeet: She has got the details. [Inaudible 0:28:25]. Just hold on, I think she's going to let you know. 
Swechha Jain: And also, sir, in Q4, what I understand, this was 58% in Q4 FY '26. And in Q3, this was 62%. 
So this has come off a little bit this quarter. So just wanted some sense on you -- how do you see 
this annuity revenue moving ahead in next 3, 4 quarters? Do you  think this can again come up 
like -- just your guidance over the annuity revenue, how do you see this going ahead? 
Deepti Mehra Chugh: So Swechha, usually, we tell investors to look at the annual numbers rather than look at the 
quarterly numbers [inaudible 0:29:26]. So the annuity was 62% of overall revenues compared 
to 56% last year because there are licenses in certain quarters which could lead to lowering the 
percentages of annuity. So I request that if you look at the overall annual number, that will be 
more meaningful. And out of the overall 62%, about 12% is SaaS, 21% is ADS AMC, and about 
28% is support. 
Swechha Jain: Okay. Understood. And also with respect to the India growth, we've degrown in past 2 quarters. 
So how do you see this growth coming back? By when do we see this growth kind of -- or maybe 
the degrowth stabilizing in India? And how do we see the Indian market for us, sir? 
Virender Jeet: Shweta, I think one of the -- if you look at overall, the reason for degrowth is the sharp fall in 
the large license revenue. So in India we have more like more than 20%, 30% fall in the license 
revenue. And if you look at all other streams are growing. 
Organically, for this year, we're on a much smaller base of license revenue compared to last year. 
So in fact, just maintaining the performance of last year will still reflect in the growth this year. 
So we do have that India should -- I think the worst in India is over in terms of numbers, and we 
should be able to bring in a growth year this year. 
Swechha Jain: Okay. Understood, sir. Sir, and just one bookkeeping question. Sir, our trade receivables have 
increased compared to last year. So just wanted some sense from you, how do we see this? 
Virender Jeet: Yes. So we have this problem in 2 dimensions. One is typically our ability to collect in EMEA 
over the last 1-month has drastically affected the EMEA trade receivables that. But also we have 
some challenges in APAC, which are more operational. I think they should get stabilized. Again, 
I think this year, we'll take an aggressive target to reduce the trade receivables aggressively and 
try to come back to the normal. 
Swechha Jain: Okay. But do we see any provisioning coming on account of these in coming quarters or like we 
are okay with it? 
Virender Jeet: No, I think this is automatically factored in the ECL norms on that. But trade receivables will 
not have any direct correlation with provisioning. Provisioning will be built as per the ECL 
norms on that. Right now, whatever has been is only a delay in paym ents. There is nothing to 
have payments at risk. Yes. 
[page 12]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Basically, I think when we are talking about ECL, basically, it is an estimated credit loss model, 
basically based on last 12 quarters collection trend. So accordingly, we provide as per the 
accounting standard, and we are continuously doing that. So that risk is kind of taken care in the 
books as far as provisioning is concerned. 
Swechha Jain: Okay. And sir, just one last question. It's more to do with the industry and then maybe even to 
us. With the whole AI thing is what I understand as the companies shift from effort-based billing 
to the outcome -based billing, that's where the shift is going  to happen. And in interim period, 
there will be impact somewhere in the revenues, in the margins and where the company -- the 
shift will happen. 
The margin somewhere will stabilize, say, over a certain period of time, say, 8 or 12 quarters. 
So that's where the industry will shift, the company will shift. How do we see that happening for 
us with the whole AI thing? And how does that shift happen for us? And where do we see us as 
the company? And just wanted some sense from you around this. 
Virender Jeet: Yes, I think the challenge is -- I think the conversation right now is going on two fronts. One is 
about what is happening to the service industry and service pricing model s. How are they 
changing? Our business is still decoupled from that. There is a solution and product. There are 
already multiple models of product pricing already factored in, right from consumption to usage 
to any other model which is linked to the business. 
So there is going to be an evolution and also on product pricing. So that's another challenge in 
terms of will it be more in -- because when AI becomes central to the use cases, then AI -based 
consumption has to be factored in the product-based pricing. This is which all product companies 
are grappling with right now. We are also coming with more models working along with 
customers, which are the more acceptable pricing which is more transparent to them. 
So our challenges will be more lying in the product pricing model, which are different than 
service pricing models. But your point is well taken, and I think already a lot of work is 
happening along with. So what we work on is generally as we are operating  out of multiple 
countries. And I think customers also tend to define what are the most suitable pricing models 
in those jewels for those segments and verticals. 
So slightly, we have a tendency to lag on pricing so that -- first is to solve the customer's problem, 
then also to work out the right pricing models with them so that it can be used out there. So I 
don't have a really a great technical answer for that, bu t I think I would go with my customers 
and work out a pricing model which will suit both us as well as the customers. 
Swechha Jain: Right. Okay, sir. Thank you. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. 
Virender Jeet: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dixit Doshi with Whitestone Financial 
Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
[page 13]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Dixit Doshi: Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. So , couple of questions. I'm slightly new to the company. So 
one of the basic question I wanted to understand was, so we have -- in annuity revenue, we have 
a SaaS, ATS, AMC and support. So where do you record this subscription revenue in these 3 
segments? 
Virender Jeet: Yes. So Dixit, it is part of the SaaS where we recognize the subscription. So as you rightly saying 
that some of the customers take the whole SaaS service, which we are providing as part of almost 
consumption and some only realize the license part of SaaS  is typically subscription -based 
licensing. So today, SaaS has both subscription-based licensing and the cloud revenue. 
Dixit Doshi: Okay. And some of the subscription revenue also recorded in any other segment? 
Virender Jeet: Yes, so one -- which is the ATS is typically the annuity fee on the license. It is a subscription 
base, but we call it typically ATS, the industry calls it ATS. So we call it ATS, which is typically 
having the same margin profile as license because there is no service attached to it, but -- and 
the support is typically more about extended ATSs where people are deployed for the customer, 
and that's how this figure is annuity. 
Dixit Doshi: Okay. And so just correct me if I'm wrong. So basically, what -- in the previous -- let's say, when 
we do a license deal, so when we sold the license, the revenue is in the sale of product. And 
during the implementation, it is in the implementation segmen t. And then it is linked, and then 
over the years, we'll get the AMC and support charges. And if somebody is not taking the license 
and going for a cloud or a SaaS revenue, then everything comes to the SaaS revenue. Is it right? 
Virender Jeet: Perfect. You explained it better than I could. 
Dixit Doshi: Okay. So AMC support and implementation is basically linked with the growth in the onetime 
license and so, let's say, over last 1 -year, our sale of license revenue slightly slowed down. So 
do you expect the AMC support and implementation also to slow down over medium term? 
Virender Jeet: So, Dixit, the issue is sale of license has got a subsequent sales of implementation. So more deals 
we do, more implementation we do. So there is a direct correlation between both sale of license 
or sale of subscription to implementation. But ATS has a mo re compounding effect, which is a 
multiyear effect. So ATS is not only about what you did that year, you also did last to last year. 
And so either way, it does not slow down, it grows. It can grow at a more accelerated pace or 
lesser pace because it's always compounded. It does not… 
Dixit Doshi: Yes, yes.  
Virender Jeet: Your observation about the 2 factors, which is about the implementation partially linked to 
license because if you don't make more deals, you won't have more implementation. But the 
ATS is bit decoupled. And similarly, support also is to do more -- with more customers go live, 
they end up consuming higher ATS and support. So I would call more direct correlation is with 
implementation and much lesser correlation with ATS. 
Dixit Doshi: Okay. And ATS, AMC and support is usually for how much tenure? 
[page 14]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Virender Jeet: So generally, lifetime -- for ATS is kind of an insurance over the license because in enterprises, 
you don't use unsupported versions. 
Dixit Doshi: Okay, yes. 
Virender Jeet: But support varies. It can start small and grow bigger or sometimes also it could have a 
fluctuation of lesser continuation or more -- adding more people. 
Dixit Doshi: Okay. Got it. And second question is, so usually in our previous calls, we have mentioned that 
due to the closure of deals, typically, our Q3 and Q4 more particularly is seasonally better in 
terms of revenue. But let's say, in future over next 2, 3 years, when your SaaS revenue and AMC 
revenues become the more bigger part of the revenue, does this seasonality will come down or 
even those segments have a seasonality? 
Virender Jeet: So see, naturally, it should come down irrespective of what we do because as the annuity keeps 
on compounding, the seasonality falls. The last 3 years, we -- it has still come down, but has not 
come down at the pace we expected because a lot of last 3-year growth was based on the license 
growth -- sale of license growth. So the compounding which happened in terms of annuities and 
downstream revenues were not at the same pace as the license group. 
So if the license growth is muted compared to subscription growth, then this will happen faster. 
Otherwise, it will happen at a slower rate. Either way, it's happening because we have now 
reached a 62% kind of annuities. It can reach all the way up to 75%, 80% of the annual revenues. 
Dixit Doshi: Okay. Okay. And one last question. So I do understand IT is slightly less, but there are a lot of 
talks about the Claude Mythos and it's mainly for the banks, and we do a large business with the 
banks. So if you can help us understand whether it will -- it can impact us or it can benefit us 
because it's -- we -- we'll have to check the vulnerabilities of all our softwares and all, so if you 
can just help us understand something over there? 
Virender Jeet: See the impact of Mythos in terms of vulnerabilities and when it's going to be available to the 
rest of the world for really solving those vulnerabilities, is a different question. But what's 
happening, clearly, there is a huge interest across all our exi sting customer implementations to 
invest more aggressively in securing the systems. All these initiatives right now are not being 
talked in the business language in terms of orders. This is more about supporting each other and 
making sure that things don't go wrong. 
But you are right, I do anticipate that downstream, it will accelerate the process of upgrading 
systems. It will accelerate the process of modernizing applications so that the risks do eliminate, 
which should impact in terms of our downstream revenues comi ng from accounts. But right 
now, it is more about in a firefighting mode, helping our customers and making sure that the 
maximum number of risks are eliminated. 
Dixit Doshi:  Okay. Understood. Thank you. That’s it from my side.  
Virender Jeet:  Thank you. 
[page 15]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Moderator: Thank you.  The next question comes from Meet Virani with M&S Investments. Please go ahead. 
Meet Virani: All right. So, coming back. Sir, am I audible? 
Virender Jeet: Yes, Meet, you are audible. 
Meet Virani: Sir, as you have -- all right. So the company has a strong cash generation. And how are you 
planning to use this for business expansion, especially in areas like SaaS, AI audio market, sir? 
Can you elaborate on it? 
Virender Jeet: So, Meet, I think the purpose of the company so far is to make sure that we are able to accelerate 
growth. So all the cash expansion or whatever is need, typically will help us either organically 
grow or inorganically grow. So the whole aim right now is t o make sure that the growth 
acceleration happens out there. 
Meet Virani: All right. So sir, any plan we have for inorganic growth apart from our business? 
Virender Jeet: Yes. So we are looking at multiple options and typically to make sure that our go-to-market can 
be accelerated in mature markets and also in certain areas of product complementary 
technologies in various areas. I think -- but nothing is right in the stage, which is more final and 
concrete. And once if we have things like that, we'll surely come and communicate back. 
Meet Virani: All right, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jalaj from Prescient. Please go ahead. 
Jalaj: Sir, am I audible? 
Virender Jeet: Yes. Go ahead. 
Jalaj: Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I had a few sets of questions. So my first question was with 
regards to the license. As we see the discussions with the clients and the pipeline and the order 
book, should we believe that we have reached to a trough in terms of the bottom in terms of the 
license revenue and incrementally, we should have growth from here? Or we still believe that 
because the Middle East and the demand in India is still to pick up or the newer NBFCs and 
banks have to come up with new deals, so it will take longer time? 
Virender Jeet: So what I will say, what is going to happen is that if the business starts behaving better in India 
and Middle East, we have use -- we can agree that we have reached the bottom of the license, 
and we should be able to do better. But if the business momentum or growth starts coming more 
from more mature markets, then we'll still sell more licenses, but they may be in the form of 
subscription or SaaS-based revenues. So it depends on what geos start performing. 
 But overall, if you look at addition of the SaaS and license, in all years, we'll end up growing. 
That's the whole idea because we always end up making more deals than what we did last year. 
So some of the composition of those deals change and they may not reflect in the same year. So 
[page 16]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
I'm hoping this year also looking at both what we sell in license and what we sell as subscription 
licenses, we should be able to do better than any previous year. 
Jalaj: Got it. But as we see the discussions with clients, has there been any sensible change in the 
momentum or discussions as we stand today, if you were to compare it a quarter back or 2 
quarters back? 
Virender Jeet: Not much. I wouldn't say like that. See -- I think the industries we are working in are always 
very hungry for modernization or transformation of their businesses. It's only that when the -- 
what you call when the -- core work about taking decisions about  those deals, those we think 
that is getting more impacted. The conversations are always in the market. The interest is always 
in the market. 
Sometimes just that final go ahead takes more time or there's more challenge within the 
enterprise to go ahead with that time. So those are more challenges. I don't see any difference in 
the client conversation happening as of today about changing prioriti es or reducing their spend 
on IT or something. 
Jalaj: Got it, got it. That explains it. And sir, my second question was with regards to the margins and 
specifically on the people cost. So we see that on a year -on-year basis, the people costs have 
been flattish. So is it largely explained by the productivity, AI -related productivity or partially 
as you alluded to, the lower license leading to a lower implementation headcount or 
implementation requirement? Is that being driven by that? And maybe a headcount comparison 
on Y-o-Y would be -- would help us to substantiate that? 
Virender Jeet: Yes. So we have roughly around 6% reduction in headcount Y -on-Y. And that's an organic 
reduction, while we have, in all our years added around 400 campus people. Even this year, we 
are going ahead with adding 300 to 400 campus people. But most, as I right ly said, we have a -
- there is a transformation happening in the engineering processes and there are benefits about 
AI, which are coming and creeping into the system. That should help us to keep on improving 
margins and delivering faster. 
So you will see some amount of efficiency on that front also coming in this year.  And we have 
invested very aggressively on the AI. Today, almost around 80% of all our people have access 
to all kind of technologies and AI agents so that they can work on that. And the whole process 
of engineering is getting transformed slowly. And I do t hink those benefits will keep on 
continuing for a few more years as the full transformation and full advantage of that 
transformation comes. 
Jalaj: Got it. Got it. And sir, my last and quick question would be the client discussions which you are 
having for, let's say a relatively mature client in banking, because of AI disruption as such, are 
the decision-making getting delayed per se because they are  not themselves sure of the -- what 
sort of architecture would it be, because every now and then new models are coming and some 
of the new introduction is happening. So is it partially or you are seeing the discussions getting 
postponed because of that? 
[page 17]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Virender Jeet: So what is happening that -- see, we deal still a lot with businesses across all places in our 
customer segments. Businesses are still focused on their business outcomes, and they are 
expecting AI as one of the enablers to provide better value in that. So all the use cases which we 
are selling today have a strong component of AI helping the customer in achieving their business 
goals. 
The problems we are talking about , cases which have started in isolation, AI projects and AI 
POCs, which have been completed over 2 years, but don't know what next to do on that. Those 
are some of the things which are creating disruptions about such AI-led cases.  
But typically, if you look at core business cases about modernization, digital lending, account 
origination, tax systems, the problem is not about the AI out there. The problem is how can you 
use AI to provide better advantage, better behavior in those sys tems. So those are still being 
considered and AI evaluations are becoming important part and integral part of evaluating those 
systems. 
Jalaj:   Understood, understood. Thank you and best of luck. 
Virender Jeet:  Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from Rajakumar Vaidyanathan from RK Investments.  
Please go ahead. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Yes, good evening. Can you hear me? 
Moderator: Yes, we can hear you, sir. But may I request that you use your handset, sir. Your audio is slightly 
muffled, sir. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Yes, can you hear me now? 
Moderator: Yes sir, this is better. Thank you.  
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, the first question is on the license model. As we know that 
the Gen AI agents are now kind of performing some discrete business continuously in many of 
the businesses. So I just want to know, are we -- Newgen is moving out from [inaudible 0:50:27] 
license to the agentic work unit pricing model? 
Virender Jeet: Yes. I think this is what -- there is a discourse happening globally that all SaaS companies are 
facing a challenge and all software licenses have to have a consumption -based pricing. We are 
working as -- I think if you were in the call previously, we spoke in detail about this. So what's 
happening in enterprises, we are keeping our pricing models close to the business outcomes 
which we deliver. 
And now what's happening, a lot of -- there is an agentic or what you call the token cost coming 
to all business use cases, and we are trying to price that as part of that.  This we are working in 
closely with customers to evolve what is the right pricing model. So it's not -- so we assume that 
[page 18]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
the company determines pricing model. It's also the buyer who is buying them, it should be 
transparent to them. 
So right now, this is a conversation going on. I think you will get better answers about this maybe 
in 6, 7, 8 months down the line when more and more transformation would have happened. Till 
that time, we are working with our clients to come up with the m ost right pricing, which is AI 
agents plus tokens plus our business value and then how we package it together. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. So but as of now, it's a headwind for us? No? 
Virender Jeet: No, no. I think we are -- pricing is the least amount of headwind. I think the headwinds are 
around more about decision -making, what's happening in markets about economic turmoil. So 
those are -- pricing is not. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. Got it. Yes. So the next question is a housekeeping question. So I see your deferred 
revenue has gone up from almost INR220 crores to almost INR300 crores this quarter. So what 
is driving that? Because generally, deferred revenue will be subscriptio n or AMC revenue. So 
that should be backed up by license as well, right? So we are not seeing any spike in license? 
Virender Jeet: No. So, exactly. So basically, the more of a spike which has come in has come in the revenue 
streams, which are slightly in terms of back ended. They are not realized upfront. So any orders 
which have come as part of subscription license sale add to the deferred revenue. Any large ATS 
renewal contracts which have come in of licenses sold over previous years have added to the 
deferred revenue. 
So which gives us a better insight going into the next year. So all deferred revenue is not an 
outcome of a license revenue. So deferred revenues are also coming part of renewal agreements 
in ATSs and of sale of subscription or cloud-based licenses. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. But there is a substantial jump. So what is causing the jump? That is the question sir. 
Virender Jeet: It is the growth in business, in -- growth in business in Australia, growth in business in U.K. and 
U.S. because out there, the growth is also reflected in the deferred -- more of growth in deferred 
revenue. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay, okay. Got it.  
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Like India and Middle East contribute -- India and Middle East are predominantly license-based 
businesses, so they don't contribute to the deferred revenue, but all other markets contribute to 
the deferred revenue. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay, okay. Got it. And just continuing on that agentic model. So just want to know what kind 
of moat Newgen has because now with all these open source AI agents, they can build -- the 
companies can build their own basic workforce, right? So what do you think is the moat Newgen 
has in the new AI world? 
[page 19]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Virender Jeet: I think you can go to our website also, you'll get. So what basically, if you look at what -- at the 
core what Newgen does is we have got broadly 3 platforms, but predominantly 2 are the most 
relevant ones. We are an enterprise store for content. So one, we are looking at the whole interest 
in AI and using enterprise knowledge along with agents and LLMs. 
You need a very strong records management, content management governance process and also 
an extension of this content management into getting the RAGs implemented, getting knowledge 
graphs implemented. So this is our product out there, which really helps customers to go and 
implement LLMs. 
 The second part of our product is we have to do the journey -- journey orchestration. So we are 
today orchestrating between current core systems, business services and enterprise workflows. 
So what's happening with Agentic, Agentic is helping customer to automate further flows or 
automatic human activities. 
So we are still looking at ourselves as an orchestration platform, which orchestrates between 
systems of records, agents, nonhuman entities and existing business processes. So a lot of -- a 
lot of industry, which is we are dealing with are regulated indust ries. So you can't let an agent 
loose to reject a loan or approve a loan. 
 So you still need traceability, you need in terms of transparency and decision-making. You need 
to still tie up with the core system. You need to talk to hundreds of government services. So we 
are the ones who do that, even for the digital journeys. 
So we are excited. We are coming with the product road map about really where a customer 
does not have to really go out, right, from agent builders to orchestration of agentic workflow, 
whether it's deterministic or nondeterministic. We are having products for that. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. So in short, this AI is not a kind of a headwind for Newgen, right? 
Virender Jeet: No, no. I think this is -- I think a lot has been talked about that AI is the only tool now with the 
industry group. That's not a challenge. We are looking at AI as an opportunity to accelerate 
growth. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Virender Jeet: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, our last question for today comes from the line of Sumukh 
from Korman Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sumukh: Hi, team. Am I audible? 
Virender Jeet: Yes, Sumukh. Please go ahead. 
[page 20]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Sumukh: Yes. So I'm not sure if this question is already answered. But my question is, sir, did you see any 
revenue deflationary impact from AI, like clients asking you to pass on the productivity that 
you're getting from AI? And also like what part of your business is coming from the discretionary 
IT spends, if you want to categorize it that way? So I'm just trying to understand like if the 
budgets tighten, right at the client end, so what part of your revenue is at risk from that point of 
view? 
Virender Jeet: Yes. I think what's going to happen since globally, enterprises have to invest aggressively in AI. 
So some amount of budget has to come from run the business or business as usual. So there is 
going to be some pressure across the globe in terms of optimizi ng some services which are 
running as is. So we are still into a product solution base. So our streams like license sale, 
subscription sale, ATS, is a very little impact. 
Similarly, implementations are negotiated for a short period of time, they have impact. So our 
streams, like what are typically renewals in support for ATS.  Since we are not really into large 
projects, like we don't have hundreds of people working anywhere, we have very tactical teams 
to solve critical business problems. So we may see some amount of pressure coming in those 
areas. But as of now, we are not est imating more than 2%, 3% impact on these two revenue 
streams for this year in that area. 
Sumukh: Okay. So these streams contribute how much to your revenue, sir? And where do you see... 
Virender Jeet: These two streams contribute roughly around 40% of our revenue. 
Sumukh: So we have 40% -- sorry, 2%, 3%, deflation is on this 40%. Is that correct? 
Virender Jeet: Yes. I think yes. It's difficult to estimate, but this is what we are factoring right now depending 
on what conversation going on. But at the end of the day here, you may see that these streams 
have grown further because we are still selling to newer customers doing new projects. 
Sumukh: Okay. And so where don't you see AI impact at all in your service? 
Virender Jeet: No, I think AI impact is in all areas of businesses. But I'm saying some impacts are positive. 
Some impacts are about change of how we are doing job and some impacts are optimization of 
costs, which in some areas which were sold at cost X, maybe on a -- now a delta reduced cost of 
that X. But selectively, we look at it as a net positive for the company. 
Sumukh: Okay, sir. Got it. And -- Yes, that’s all my questions. Thank you. 
Virender Jeet: Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. That was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Deepti, 
Head of Investor Relations, for closing comments. 
Deepti Mehra Chugh: Thank you so much for your participation, everyone. For any further queries, you can connect 
with me or go to the website of the company. Thank you. 
[page 21]
  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  April 30, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you, everyone. 
