[page 1]
 
   
Unicommerce eSolutions Ltd. 
Registered Office: Mezzanine Floor, A-83, Okhla Industrial Area Phase-II, New Delhi 110020 India 
Corporate Office: M3M Urbana Business Park, Tower B, 9th Floor, Sector 67, Gurugram 122001, Haryana, India 
Tel +91-888 7790 22, email: contactus@unicommerce.com I Web: www.unicommerce.com  
CIN: L74140DL2012PLC230932 
 
23rd February, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400 051  
Symbol: UNIECOM 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001  
Scrip Code: 544227 
 
Subject: Q3 and nine months FY26 Earnings Conference Call-Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Greetings from Unicommerce eSolutions Limited. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Q3 and nine months 
FY26 Results Conference Call held on Monday, the 16th day of February, 2026 at 9:00 
a.m. IST for the quarter and nine months ended on 31st December, 2025.  
 
The same is available on the website of the Company at https://unicommerce.com/  
 
Please take the aforesaid document on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Unicommerce eSolutions Limited  
 
 
_________________ 
Anil Kumar 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. F8023  
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
Q3 & 9 Months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 16, 2026 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 16th February 2026 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAPIL MAKHIJA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 MR. ANURAG MITTAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS – INVESTOR 
RELATIONS ADVISORS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Unicommerce eSolutions Limited Q3 and 9 
Months FY '26 Earnings Conference Call.  This conference call may contain forward -looking 
statements about the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantee of future performance 
and involves risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand over the conference to Mr. Kapil Makhija, Managing Director and CEO of 
Unicommerce eSolutions Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kapil Makhija: Thanks, Pari. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the quarter 3 and 9 
months FY '26 Earnings Call. I am joined today by Anurag Mittal, our Chief Financial Officer, 
along with our Investor Relations advisers, Strategic Growth Advisors. 
 We are pleased to announce another quarter of strong growth in revenues and profit in Q3 FY 
'26. Our revenue stood at  INR56.4 crores, growing 72.2% year -on-year and translating into an 
annualized revenue run rate exceeding  INR225 crores. This growth was driven by continued 
enterprise additions, structured revenue expansion initiatives within Uniware and growing scale 
of Shipway. 
 Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter stood at  INR13.4 crores, growing 51% year -on-year. This 
corresponds to an annualized adjusted EBITDA run rate of more than  INR53 crores, marking 
another milestone for the company. This improvement reflects operating leverage inherent in 
our SaaS model as revenue scale, combined with disciplined cost management. 
 Before discussing platform-specific updates, I'd like to share our progress on integrating AI in 
our business. Since the last few quarters, our AI journey has progressed in phases. We began by 
integrating AI into our internal day -to-day operations, then in troduced AI -enabled features 
across platforms and are now becoming AI first, where core platform functionalities are 
delivered through AI. 
 Given that our platforms function as the system of record for our clients' e-commerce operations, 
AI, in general, is a boon for solution like ours. It allows operational data to become actionable, 
strengthens decision-making and further deepens our integration within our clients' technology 
stack and daily operations. 
 We have launched 3 core AI capabilities in the last two quarters. Catalyst AI Voice Agent for 
ConvertWay in quarter 3, UniBot AI Assistant for Uniware also in quarter 3 and ShipSense AI 
Courier Allocation in quarter 2. 
 Catalyst AI Voice Agent enables automated human -like outbound calls in multiple languages. 
For example, it can proactively engage customers who abandon transactions at checkout by 
[page 4]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
calling them and resolving queries in real time, helping close sales without any human 
intervention. This expands conversational commerce in a scalable manner. We will play a brief 
audio demonstration at the end of our remarks. 
 UniBot AI Assistant is a GenAI solution. It acts as an e-commerce operations copilot that allows 
Uniware clients to execute warehouse actions through simple, multilingual text prompts. Tasks 
such as order processing, shipping label generation, inventory ch ecks and operational queries 
can now be completed through conversational inputs. This increases ease of use of our platform, 
reduces training time and simplifies daily workflows for our users. 
 ShipSense AI enables intelligent courier allocation within Shipway. It optimizes courier 
selection by balancing costs, delivery time lines and the probability of predelivery returns due 
to delays. This improves both logistics efficiency and end customer experience. These initiatives 
strengthen our product differentiation while expanding monetization avenues across our 
platforms. 
 Now coming to key updates for our platforms. Uniware resumed growth momentum in quarter 
3 FY '26, delivering 8.1% year-on-year revenue growth on a standalone basis. While consumer 
demand showed partial improvement during the quarter, the primary drivers for this growth were 
internal initiatives executed over the past few quarters. 
These include continued enterprise acquisitions and structured revenue expansion programs 
through launch of new products, positioning the business for stronger double -digit growth 
beginning quarter 4 FY '26 onwards. 
 We added more than 110 enterprise clients across traditional and digital -first brands during the 
quarter, including the likes of Action Tesa, Lehar Footwear, Interio by Godrej, Shein 
Marketplace, and Underneat. Revenue expansion initiatives continue to gain traction, supported 
by rising adoption of our newer offerings. 
 Quick commerce and B2B modules are now used by 35% to 40% of our enterprise clients and 
UniReco adoption is 4% to 5% among enterprise clients within the first 6 months of the launch 
of the product. UniCapture launched last quarter has seen strong interest driven by evolving 
marketplace requirements for mandatory video -based proof  in return claims. Some 
marketplaces have already made this a mandate while others are considering doing the same. 
 We would also like to share an important update about our top 10 clients. During the quarter, 
one of our top 10 clients made a strategic decision to change its business model and discontinue 
its multichannel operations. As a result, we saw a revenue impact from this account. 
 While such transitions are a part of the dynamic e-commerce ecosystem, our endeavor has been 
to continue to diversify our revenue by adding new enterprise clients. As a result of which, our 
concentration of revenue from top 10 clients is nearly 12% in Q3 F Y '26 and has been 
continuously coming down from 19% in FY '25 and nearly 27% in FY '24. 
 The impact of this change has been fully offset to growth from other existing clients as well as 
new enterprise additions. The 8.1% year -on-year growth reported for the quarter is after 
absorbing this revenue loss. Excluding this impact, growth would have been higher. We expect 
[page 5]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
the growth momentum to continue in the coming quarters and should result in double -digit 
growth in revenues from quarter 4 FY '26 onwards. 
 Additionally, over the past few quarters, we have received several queries regarding Uniware's 
transaction rate, which is calculated as revenue divided by transactions processed. As our 
product mix has diversified with increasing contributions from B2B, quick commerce and value-
added modules, the aggregated transaction rate metric has become less representative of 
underlying performance compared to earlier periods when the mix was more homogeneous. 
 Accordingly, we do not believe that this is a high -quality metric to track our performance. 
Instead, we internally evaluate Uniware's business using 3 primary levers: net revenue retention, 
which we disclose annually to track expansion within the existing client base, enterprise client 
additions, which we disclose quarterly to measure incremental growth through new customer 
acquisitions and our profitability metrics, which we disclose quarterly to track our efficiency 
and operating leverage. 
 With that context, we will discontinue reporting transaction-related metrics going forward. This 
approach is intended to ensure that the data shared is meaningful, comparable and aligned with 
how we internally evaluate the business. 
 Similarly, blended gross margin at the consolidated level is influenced by revenue 
amalgamations across businesses post Shipway acquisition and does not fully reflect our 
operating profile. We will continue to assess the relevance of this disclosure in lig ht of our 
evolving business mix and determine the appropriate reporting approach going forward. 
 Now coming to Shipway. Shipway continues to strengthen our SaaS portfolio and scale steadily 
post-acquisition. In quarter 3 FY '26, Shipway Technology Private Limited, which includes both 
Shipway and ConvertWay, achieved an annualized revenue run rate of a pproximately INR100 
crores compared to INR71 crores in quarter 1 FY '25, its first full quarter post-acquisition. 
We expect Shipway to also grow at a double -digit rate on a year -on-year basis, but at a pace 
faster than Uniware given the size of the addressable market and its low penetration relative to 
the market.  Shipway SaaS logistics automation platform delivers value to clients beyond 
aggregation through optimization, automation and analytics across the logistics life cycle for a 
brand and its customers. 
During the quarter, we launched a new mobile application to support operational workflows on 
the move and Shipway Cargo for bulky B2B shipments, warehouse transfers and delivery to 
quick commerce mother hub facilities from brand warehouses, enabling increm ental revenue 
opportunities. 
 For ConvertWay, we have already discussed the key update for the AI voice bot this quarter. 
Given the large and underpenetrated addressable market and Shipway and ConvertWay's strong 
structural foundation of running profitably for the last few quarters, we  are inclined towards 
making calibrated investments going forward. 
 Given our healthy cash generation and balance sheet strength, we plan to invest in AI, product 
and technology and to expand sales and marketing capacity along with brand building in these 
[page 6]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
businesses. While this may result in slightly below breakeven adjusted EBITDA in the short 
term in Shipway Technology Private Limited, we believe these will be high ROI investments, 
supporting faster platform scaling and long-term value creation. 
 On the leadership front, we are pleased to welcome Gaurav Juneja as Chief Revenue Officer for 
Unicommerce to further strengthen our business development, marketing and customer success 
functions for driving growth. Gaurav brings an operator -led approach with deep experience in 
B2B SaaS, technology and retail businesses. 
 Prior to joining Unicommerce, he served as Chief Revenue Officer at Kapture, Head of 
Digitization at Google India and founded and scaled the StarQuik business under the Tata Group. 
He also has experience with the Reliance Retail and Investment banking at Lehman Brothers. 
Gaurav is an alumnus of the Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow. He further strengthens 
the leadership depth at Unicommerce and adds to our management bandwidth for go-to-market 
execution. 
 Looking ahead, we expect to continue benefiting from structural tailwinds in India's e-commerce 
market, which remains significantly underpenetrated. Across Uniware, Shipway and 
ConvertWay, we address a total market opportunity of over USD 1 billion with pa rticularly 
strong opportunities in courier aggregation through Shipway. 
 Over the coming quarters, management will remain focused on scaling Uniware revenues as 
growth momentum increases, accelerating Shipway's penetration in courier aggregation and 
ConvertWay's growth in marketing automation, along with disciplined investments  in AI 
capabilities and improving our platforms that expand use cases and drive cross-sell. 
 Improving profitability and cash generation provides flexibility to reinvest in organic growth 
while selectively evaluating inorganic opportunities in adjacent areas, guided by strategic fit, 
customer value and financial sustainability. As we enter the nex t phase of growth, our focus 
remains on consistent execution, prudent capital allocation and strengthening our platform. 
 I will now hand over to Anurag to walk you through the financials in detail. 
Anurag Mittal: Thank you, Kapil. Good morning, everyone. We delivered a strong performance in quarter 3 and 
the 9 months of FY '26 with robust top line momentum and continued improvement in operating 
profitability. For quarter 3 FY '26, consolidated revenue stood at  INR56.4 crores, representing 
year-on-year growth of 72.2%. This performance was supported by growth across both Uniware 
and Shipway. 
 Adjusted EBITDA, which reflects our operational profitability, grew by 51% year -over-year to 
INR13.4 crores. The growth in adjusted EBITDA was driven by disciplined cost management, 
AI-led operational efficiencies, strong operating leverage from Uniware and Shipway's 
continued PAT positive performance. 
 Profit after tax for the quarter was INR7.4 crores compared to INR6.3 crores in quarter 3 FY '25. 
Excluding the non -cash amortization expense related to the Shipway acquisition, PAT would 
have been approximately INR8.2 crores, representing year-on-year growth of 24.9%. Earnings 
per share also increased 12.5% year-on-year to INR0.63 from INR0.56 in quarter 3 FY '25. 
[page 7]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 On a 9 monthly basis, the company delivered strong financial performance. Our consolidated 
revenue for 9 months FY '26 grew 70.6% year -over-year to  INR152.7 crores compared to  
INR89.5 crores in 9 months FY '25. Adjusted EBITDA increased 75.8% year -year to INR34.3 
crores surpassing FY '25 full year adjusted EBITDA of  INR28.4 crores in just 9 months, 
reflecting disciplined cost management and scale efficiencies. 
 Profit after tax for 9 months period was INR17.1 crores compared to INR14.3 crores in 9 months 
FY '25. Excluding non -cash amortization related to the Shipway acquisition, PAT would have 
been approximately INR21.1 crores, representing year-on-year growth of 45.2%. Earnings per 
share also increased 18.1% year -on-year to INR1.50 in 9 months FY '26 from  INR1.27 in 9 
months FY '25. 
 Shipway has continued to deliver strong performance, achieving an annualized revenue run rate 
of approximately INR100 crores in quarter 3 FY '26, up from INR71 crores in quarter 4 FY '25, 
its first full quarter post-acquisition. 
As Kapil mentioned earlier, we plan to increase investment in AI products and technology 
capabilities and sales and marketing capacity along with brand building to drive further growth. 
We expect these investments to help increase the platform scale and br oaden our market 
footprint over time. 
 At the consolidated level, annualised revenue run rate now exceeds INR225 crores with adjusted 
EBITDA run rate above  INR53 crores. A large part of our adjusted EBITDA converts into 
operating cash flows for us due to the asset -light nature of our SaaS model and enables us to 
reinvest this into growth. 
 Looking ahead, we remain focused on maintaining cost discipline while delivering sustainable 
and profitable growth. As mentioned earlier, we expect Uniware to deliver double-digit growth 
from quarter 4 FY '26 onwards as revenue expansion initiatives gain t raction, while Shipway, 
given its large addressable market and early stage of penetration has the potential to scale at a 
relatively faster pace. 
 We will now play a short audio clip to demonstrate ConvertWay's AI voice bot capability. For 
context, in this recording, Tanvi is the customer and the other voice you will hear is our AI 
system engaging with her in real time. [Product Demonstration] 
 As you heard, the interaction  is designed to feel natural, contextual and outcome oriented. Since 
launch, the voice bot has scaled quickly to approximately 1 lakh calls per month, reflecting 
encouraging client interest. We hope you found the demonstration insightful. With that, we will 
open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: The first question is from the line of Ananya from Thinqwise Wealth Managers. 
Ananya Nichani: Sir, my first question is on account of pricing actually. I wanted to check if like maybe this is 
the bottoming out of like a low pricing environment. And also if you're able to share what 
percentage of the current clients are newly added clients and like if they are on the minimum 
guarantee plan. That's my first question? 
[page 8]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Kapil Makhija: Ananya, I couldn't hear your questions completely. I'll just rephrase on what I understood. One, 
you want to understand the trajectory of rate per transaction. Second, you mentioned that how 
many of them are newly added clients. Is that correct? 
Ananya Nichani: Yes. 
Kapil Makhija: Okay. So as we mentioned during our speech that the transaction rate is a function of -- is 
calculated as revenue per transaction and our transaction mix has become a lot more 
heterogeneous with addition of capabilities of B2B quick commerce and the new mo dules that 
we are launching. 
 So it does not accurately represent the progress of the business because our rate per transaction 
is a function of the product mix as well as the client mix. So we don't feel that it's the most 
meaningful way to assess the business. Having said that, the r ate per transaction has been 
consistent since last quarter. And while the number appears to be stable, it does not fully reflect 
the two drivers of growth or expansion. 
 In terms of your question on the new acquisition, we've been talking about our new client 
acquisition since post listing. So when we listed the first quarter, we added about 85 -odd 
enterprise clients in the quarter. Today, we are on a trajectory of anywher e between 110 to 120 
clients per quarter. So we've seen a consistent improvement in the new client being added. And 
this -- so from that, you can get a sense of what the share of new clients as a percentage of the 
overall client base. 
 Also, I want to clarify to the entire -- all the listeners today that all the enterprise clients that we 
onboard are on a minimum guarantee plan. Every enterprise client give us a subscription fee in 
which we bundle certain number of transactions in this c ost. And once they exhaust this quota 
of allotted transactions, they pay us a usage-based fee. Hope that clarifies. 
Ananya Nichani: Sure, sir. I just had one more book -keeping question. Sir, in Q2, in which the account y ou 
mentioned that about  INR7.81 crores of amortization for Shipway was done for the half year. 
And I can see for Q3 and also for the 9 months a similar amount is done. So am I to understand 
that for Q3 nothing has been amortized? Could you just confirm? 
Anurag Mittal: Ananya, the amortization has been done this quarter as well for the Shipway Technology what 
we acquired at the time of acquisition. It is similar and consistent to the previous quarters. In 
fact, the number is almost same to what we reported in quarter 2 of FY '26. 
Ananya Nichani: Sir, can you confirm how much has been amortized in Q3 and how much was done in Q2? 
Anurag Mittal: So quarter 2 it was INR13 million and quarter 3 it is INR12.8 million, almost similar. 
Ananya Nichani: So for the full year,  INR13 crores is what we have to amortize, right? So shouldn't it be at the 
run rate of about more than INR3 crores per quarter? 
Anurag Mittal: So the overall capitalization we did around INR39 crores at the time of acquisition, and it has to 
be amortized over a period of 8 years. So near about  INR12 million or  INR13 million of 
amortization spend will come every quarter. 
[page 9]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Ananya Nichani: It's over 8 years, sir, just to confirm? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes, that's correct. Yes. Just to give you a context, while we integrated our internally generated 
technology, which is more advanced technology based on AI with the Shipway acquired 
technology, the estimated useful life of the asset based on the technical  assessments have 
increased from 3 years to 8 years. So that is the reason that the estimated useful life of the asset 
is now 8 years and the depreciation expense for quarter would be around  INR13 million every 
quarter. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vansh Gupta from Prescient Capital. 
Vansh Gupta: So sir, I just wanted to get some understanding of the pricing power of the company. As you 
mentioned, you're saying that because of the change in product mix, the metric that we calculate 
using the revenue per transaction process, you're saying that's not  entirely reflective or 
comparable to last year. So just to get a sense of understanding on the pricing power of the 
company, how is it that you now get a sense of -- how is it that the customers are really giving 
you revenue? 
 So in my understanding, the revenue of the company has always been that -- and as you just 
mentioned, there's a minimum slab of transactions that the company process and after that they 
have to pay an incremental amount of revenue on a step-up basis. So then how do we get a sense 
for how the pricing is changing for these customers? 
Kapil Makhija: Sure. Vansh, first of all, I want to clarify that we continue to operate at a premium compared to 
other players. We continue to build strong enhancements in the product. And as you heard in 
our speech earlier that we are leveraging AI to continue to justif y this premium. We have been 
not only launching enhancements to the product, we are also launching core functionalities using 
AI. 
 Being AI first has ensured that we can continue to add meaningful value to the ecosystem 
because of which we can justify the premium. The various products continue to have a very 
different pricing profile. And because of that, an aggregate, the rate per transaction does not fully 
justify meaningfully the nature of our business and the growth trajectory of our business. 
Vansh Gupta: So just to clarify, these new facilities that we are adding, these products that we're selling to the 
clients, we're not selling them on a revenue per transaction basis? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes. The pricing for all our products is a function of the transaction. The transactions can be 
different for different products. So for, let's say, UniReco, it is in terms of the number of items 
that are being reconciled. For UniCapture, it is the number of videos or images being processed. 
In case of Uniware, it is the number of items going out of the warehouse. So for different 
products, the underlying metric is the transaction. The definition of the transaction can vary 
according to the product. 
Vansh Gupta: Just one more question from my end. So I see that the revenue share of the top 10 clients has 
decreased from about 20.1% since last year to 12.1% now and our revenues have grown by about 
8%. So is it that we're losing some revenue share from the existing customers to our competition 
[page 10]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
or is it because of largely the client that we have lost this quarter and that's what causing the 
dent? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes. So see, given the nature of our product, 100% of dropship e -commerce volumes for any 
brand flow through us. It does -- a brand never uses multiple solutions for managing their e -
commerce operations. So we will -- that will never be the case that we lo se part of the volume 
to some other player. 
 The relative share of top 10 customers has been consistently declining because we continue to 
add enterprise clients on a consistent basis. And as the overall enterprise base increases and we 
continue to see growth in the business, the relative share of to p 10 customers continues to 
decline. 
 And this has been a consistent trend over the last many years, where in FY '24, the concentration 
was 27%, and it has now come down to nearly 12% in quarter 3 FY '26. It is a concerted effort 
to ensure that our revenue continues to be diversified, and it has a fairly healthy mix of multiple 
enterprise clients. 
Vansh Gupta: Got it, sir. Just one last follow -up from my end. Sir, could you just share the -- if you have a 
sense of what is the total revenue percentage share that the company manages for its clients. So 
my question really is I want to get a sense of what is the B2C  business of all of your clients on 
average that you are managing. So is it like 20% of the revenue, 30% of the revenue? Any sense 
of that number if you can just provide? 
Kapil Makhija: So we'll not be able to share channel-specific information. But as I mentioned, 100% of the client 
e-commerce dropship business gets managed through Uniware. So it's not a part of the business 
that we are managing. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Siva from ithought PMS. 
Siva: You had mentioned that you had acquired 110 roughly clients this quarter. So if I compare our 
enterprise client count with previous quarter, there seems to be a net addition of only 16 clients. 
So does this mean we are having a higher churn? And if so, could you explain why we are facing 
this high churn? 
Kapil Makhija: Sure. So e-commerce is a dynamic industry, Siva. So we continue to see churn in the long -tail 
segment, primarily among clients with low volumes or those winding down operations due to 
tough market conditions. So while you may see that the net additions are  lower than the gross 
additions that we're doing, but bulk of this churn happens through long-tail customers. 
 That is why in spite of these customers churning and more majority of them -- like the 3 key 
reasons of churn for our platform continue to be a customer shutting down, customer deciding 
to move away from e-commerce or customer deciding to move from dropship to an outright  or 
a fulfilled by model as we have demonstrated in the earlier calls as well. 
So bulk of the reasons of churn are that. And thus, in spite of this churn, we continue to 
demonstrate a healthy growth for this quarter, the growth was 8.1%. And we are hopeful of 
delivering a double-digit growth from quarter 4 onwards in the standalone Uniware business. 
[page 11]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Siva: Understood, sir. Would it be possible for you to maybe quantify how much of those churn is 
from those three reasons that you mentioned? 
Kapil Makhija: That's majority of the churn. 80% plus of our churn is actually because of these three reasons. 
Siva: Yes. That helps, sir. And my second question is regarding quick commerce volume. So how 
much did they contribute this quarter? And again, with regards to Shipway, how much cross-sell 
did we achieve? 
Kapil Makhija: Sure. So we continue to see quick commerce as a strong growth opportunity and we have 
integrated with all leading quick commerce platforms. When we launched it full scale in quarter 
4 of FY '25, we had seen about 20 million order items being processed. 
We have seen that number jump to about 70 million-plus order items being processed in quarter 
3 FY '26. So just in a 9-month time frame, we have seen a strong growth in the quick commerce 
volumes. While we have seen a strong growth, they are still a small fraction in the overall 
transaction mix. So hope that gives you a perspective on the relative contribution of quick 
commerce. 
 In terms of the Shipway cross -sell, when we acquired Shipway, less than 5% of our base was 
using Shipway services. And last quarter, we had mentioned that this number has already crossed 
10% and continues to be in a similar trajectory even in this quarter as well. And we continue to 
see a strong adoption of Shipway amongst Uniware base. 
 But I also want to clarify that beyond the Uniware customer base, Shipway also has a larger 
market opportunity in terms of social media sellers, people selling on just their own website, 
who may not need the services of Uniware because Uniware becomes rele vant for anybody 
who's selling on multiple channels. But anybody who's selling on social media, Instagram, et 
cetera, will still need to ship the goods to the end customer and will need Shipway services. 
 So the market opportunity for Shipway is much larger. And while our focus is to continue to 
have a strong cross -sell motion on the Uniware base, our focus is to aggressively expand our 
sales and marketing to ensure that we are able to tap into customers which are outside of Uniware 
base as well. 
Siva: Understood, sir. One last question. So with regards to our international market presence, are we 
seeing any significant client wins? So how is the traction there? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes. So we continue to see a strong growth in our international business. It is growing faster 
than our domestic business. We continue to add clients in the region. We continue to operate in 
the same geographies in Middle East and Southeast Asia. And while we have seen strong growth 
in the business, we continue to -- the international business continues to be profitable. 
 And in the recent times, we had also announced a partnership with Naqel Express, which is 
Saudi Arabia's largest logistics and express delivery partner to deepen our presence in the KSA 
e-commerce market. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vinod Krishna from Avendus Wealth. 
[page 12]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Vinod Krishna: So what is your opinion on long-term trajectory of dropship versus FUR model in India? That is 
my first question. And any category concentration with our Uniware product? And my third 
question is, why do we have such -- because e-commerce is having such a huge growth rate, but 
our Uniware is not getting similar growth rate. So maybe I'm wrong in understanding, comparing 
with the overall Uniware thing. So if you can answer these three questions. Like, what will be 
the -- I think I'm clear, right? 
Kapil Makhija: Sure. So dropship model continues to grow faster than the other models, primarily on the back 
of custom brands wanting to have greater control on the customer experience. Platforms also 
preferring it because it is less capital intensive.  
And now the ecosystem is available for brands to deliver a consistent customer experience on 
the dropship model compared to 5 years ago when the ecosystem wasn't available. So we have 
seen dropship model continue to grow faster. Today, it is contributing t o nearly half the e -
commerce market, but it is expected to contribute about 65% in the next few years. 
 On the -- the second question was about the growth of Uniware versus the market. Uniware is 
processing a large portion of the e -commerce market. We are processing about 25% to 30% of 
e-commerce dropship volumes, which means that we have effectively become an index to e -
commerce market. We continue to grow faster than the market over many years.  
 So while there are certain pockets of within e-commerce that continue to grow fast, but there are 
also large pockets which have seen sluggish growth, because of which the overall growth is not 
at the same level as it used to be during the pandemic years. 
But our growth is -- continues to be market plus, plus, because the -- as our existing clients grow, 
that is -- the growth of our existing clients is reflective of the market growth. But on top of that, 
we've added new initiatives of launching new products, adding new customers, because of which 
we continue to demonstrate a market plus, plus growth. 
 I'm sorry, I forgot the third question that you had. Category concentration. So see, we are a fairly 
well-diversified player, where we serve 45 plus product categories across fashion, lifestyle, 
beauty and personal care, health and pharma, eyewear, FMCG, agri tech and many other players. 
So as we have seen the revenue is not concentrated on a handful of customers, similarly our 
revenue is not concentrated on any particular category. 
 Given that we process large volumes of India's e -commerce transactions, our category mix is 
reflective of the market mix where we have seen lifestyle, beauty and personal care, electronics 
being some of the largest categories. That is also reflective in our category mix as well, but our 
category mix is fairly well diversified. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Pratik from Fermi325 Investment Advisers. 
Pratik: I just wanted some clarification. I just wanted to ask, when a client subscribes for Uniware, does 
he or she -- does the client get access to all the modules or is it -- does it depend on the client 
what they want? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes. So when we started our journey, OMS and WMS within Uniware were the first two 
modules that we launched. So whenever an enterprise client signs up for Uniware, they get the 
[page 13]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
OMS and WMS. That's the most selling module for us. But as we've launched newer offerings 
like omnichannel, UniReco, UniCapture, those are separate subscriptions that the brand has to 
take up depending on their need. Hope that answers the question. 
Pratik: Yes. Just a follow-up on that. So would it be possible to give a cohort, basically, as and when, 
when a client starts a journey and they start with a WMS and OMS platform, how do they scale 
up their relationship over the following period? How many modules they start to subscribe? Any 
sort of cohort that you could give? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes. So most of our additions, product additions are relatively recent, so we will not have any 
long-term cohorts for you to be able to do any analysis on that. Having said that, we've just 
disclosed in our call today that we have seen a strong adoption of  B2B and quick commerce 
modules where 35% to 40% of our enterprise clients use the B2B and quick commerce modules 
and about 4% to 5% attach rate on the UniReco module. That has happened just within the first 
6 months of the product launch. 
 Typically, when a brand starts their journey, as I said, they start with the OMS. And as they scale 
up their volumes, they start implementing WMS within their warehouse. As they expand their 
retail footprint, omnichannel becomes an important use case. And as their scale increases, they 
would need UniReco to reconcile their payments, because there are many leakages that happens, 
particularly on the returns workflow. 
 And similarly, UniCapture is a good complement to UniReco, because UniCapture helps capture 
the proofs of the items that are going out and helps in the return validation as well. And similarly, 
as these brands scale up, they would also want to expand to retail and wholesale, and hence they 
would also need -- or even quick commerce, they would need our B2B quick commerce tool as 
well. 
Pratik: Okay. Sorry, last question on just this cohort before I get in -- get back in the queue. So according 
to you when would you be able to start giving a cohort? Is it 1 year down the line, 2 years down 
the line? When do you think it would be meaningful enough for us to start reading into the cohort 
data? 
Kapil Makhija: See, in any B2B SaaS solution, it takes time and it is a function of the product. There is a 
gestation period for any SaaS. But in our experience, at least 12 to 18 months is something that 
we feel for any product before  the cohorts mature. For some products, it may take longer as 
well, but bare minimum is 12 to 18 months. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sumeet Jain from CLSA. 
Sumeet Jain: Yes, Kapil. Firstly, congrats on a slight turnaround in the organic growth... 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, sir. Sir, can I request you to speak loudly or come closer to your device and 
speak? 
Sumeet Jain: Okay, Yes. So wanted to check the double -digit growth guidance that you gave for the next 
quarter. How sustainable you see that going forward and what is leading to that? Is it like  the 
more traction in your new products being launched or is it the revival in the overall e-commerce 
[page 14]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
market or are you guys gaining market share? Can you give us -- throw some light on that double-
digit growth guidance? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes, Sumeet. So the double-digit growth, we strongly believe that it's sustainable, because it is 
a result of the efforts that we have been implementing over the last few quarters, which includes 
acceleration in our new enterprise acquisitions and revenue expansion initiatives, which are now 
beginning to reflect in the growth outcomes. 
 We have consistently added 100 plus clients over the past several quarters and 125 plus 
specifically in quarter 4 FY '25. These new acquisitions take time to fully mature and have now 
started to give us incremental revenues, leading to year-on-year growth in quarter 3 FY '26 and 
which gives us the confidence of delivering double-digit growth in quarter 4. 
 And along with this adoption of our new products where we are seeing strong adoption across 
both B2B quick commerce suite as well as UniReco in the first 6 months of the launch. A 
combination of both these factors give us the confidence that we will continue to sustain double-
digit growth in Uniware from quarter 4 FY26 onwards. 
Sumeet Jain: Got it. That's very helpful. And a follow -up to that is, can you give us a sense as to how many 
number of enterprise clients can you still tap into the market out there? I remember at the time 
of IPO, you used to talk about some 10,000 enterprise clients c an potentially be there for 
Unicommerce to address. Can you just give us a sense as to how you look at the overall enterprise 
client customer base? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes, sure. I think in terms of the enterprise client base, one is we continue to see strong launches 
of various digital-first brands because in India -- because the Indian market is so large, a small 
niche within the Indian e -commerce market also becomes a  meaningful opportunity for any 
brand. So we continue to see brand launches across various sectors, various niches because of 
which we are confident that there's a large pool of enterprise customers that are available. 
 At the same time, we have seen many legacy brands still haven't adopted the dropship model. 
And as more and more brands start adopting the dropship model, we will continue to see a pool 
of enterprise acquisitions widening for us. 
 The third reason is that there are still many categories which have still not become -- and have 
not adopted the dropship model, and that will add to the enterprise pool. I think the journey of 
the dropship model and for Uniware in particular have just sta rted. We have a large pool of 
enterprise customers. 
And we still feel confident that in the long term it should open up a market to the tune of 10,000 
enterprise customers. So we should have significant headroom for growth in terms of the new 
customer acquisition, in terms of new digital -first brands, legac y brands coming to dropship 
model and new categories opening up on the dropship model. 
 And at the same time, we also want to continue to focus on the quality of acquisition, and that's 
why we've got Gaurav on board, who has a significant experience in driving enterprise 
acquisition. And our focus will now to be able to set up some high value -- looking at high value 
[page 15]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
deals in the enterprise segment with Gaurav's professional experience, which should help 
Uniware tap into a large pool of enterprise customers as well. 
Sumeet Jain: Got it. That's very helpful. And secondly, I wanted to check, I think you guided for a breakeven 
EBITDA in your Shipway business in the few coming quarters. So can you give us a sense for 
how long that will stay? What are the nature of investments you are doing? And by when can 
we see the EBITDA improving into the profitable trajectory for Shipway? 
Kapil Makhija: Sure. So the investment areas, Sumeet, are in the fields of AI, product and technology 
enhancements. We want to enhance the sales and marketing capacity along with brand building 
initiatives. Shipway is a challenger in the market. It's a relatively late en trant in the courier -- 
large courier aggregation space. So we want to make sure that we are investing rightly into sales 
and marketing, building a strong brand out of it. 
 At the same time, building a very strong and scalable product, which is AI first, so that we 
continue to add value to the courier aggregation business. And hence, we feel that for the next 
few quarters, it will operate at slightly below breakeven from adjusted EBITDA. But having said 
that, we -- the only way we know how to operate business is to run them profitably. 
 We just want to make -- we are making a very calibrated investment approach to make sure that 
we are able to put it on a strong foundation for fast growth in this. And we are hopeful that in 
the next few quarters, we should be able to see them, like the Sh ipway business, both Shipway 
and ConvertWay becoming profitable. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Karthi from Suyash Advisors. 
Karthi: So just wanted to understand one thing. You indicated that your profitability in the Uniware side 
is 40% plus on an adjusted basis. So the adjustment would be only for ESOP expenses or would 
there be anything else? Part two to that question is, is there any more juice left for profitability 
improvement there? 
Anurag Mittal: Karthi, that's correct. We have done the adjustments only to the extent of ESOP expense. 
Kapil Makhija: For the second part, Karthi, yes, the business has an inherent operating leverage. So as the 
revenue expands, we will continue to see an improvement in profitability in Uniware. And you 
will continue to see a consistent growth in revenues and profits in th e Uniware and the overall 
Unicommerce business. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Chinmay Nema from Prescient Capital. 
Chinmay Nema: Sir, just wanted to follow-up on one of the questions about wallet share. So with respect to some 
of the largest digital -first brands on your roster, like Lenskart or Mamaearth, do they typically 
operate 100% through Uniware or do they split volumes in con junction with some other 
platforms as well? If you could give some colour around that? 
 And secondly, if you could talk about how customizable the software is? To what extent are you 
able to customize it to best use and inventory systems of the clients? Some sense around that. 
[page 16]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Kapil Makhija: Sure. As I mentioned before, given the nature of the product, it is difficult for a brand to operate 
multiple systems. See, effectively, what we are doing, we are ensuring that the same inventory 
pool is getting exposed to multiple marketplaces at the same time. 
 If they were using two systems, it is impossible for them to have a consistent inventory outlook 
across different marketplaces. And if they were not using the single system, it would make it 
very suboptimal for them, because a part of the inventory will be  visible somewhere else and 
part of the inventory will be somewhere else. 
 So given the nature of the product, a brand does not use multiple systems to manage their orders 
and inventory. And that's why, by design, we have 100% of the e -commerce volumes for any 
brand that is using Uniware. 
 The Uniware system, as I mentioned before, operates like a system of record, just like how an 
ERP operates. You don't hear a brand operating with multiple ERPs, right? Very similarly, you 
don't see a brand operating with multiple order and inventory manage ment systems. Sorry, I 
missed the second part of the question that you had. 
Chinmay Nema: Sir, if you could talk about how customizable the product is with respect to the needs of the 
businesses? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes. So we have been building this platform for more than a decade now and have built this in 
a fairly configurable way where different use cases can be easily configured, depending on the 
category, the product mix, the scale, the complexity of the operations. 
 In majority of the situations, the plain vanilla configurations that we offer are available. If there 
is a specific need of a customer, what we end up doing is that we understand that requirement 
and build it in a very generic way so that it not only serve s the needs of a particular customer, 
but for a particular industry. 
 And over the last decade, while we were building this platform, we have got many requirements 
from various customers, but we have not implemented it in a bespoke manner. We have instead 
incorporated it as a general feature in the product so that it can be available to a wider customer 
base. 
 So just as an example, if you are able to serve a fashion customer, they need unique serialization, 
so they want to track each and every item. B2C customer, if they're selling cosmetics, so lipsticks 
are very small in size, as an example, so they need to p rint labels which are very small in size, 
can be pasted on the product itself. There are these small nuances that over time we have built 
in the product, because of which, it's available to a wide variety of customer base, depending on 
the product category that they are in. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Arvind Arora from A Square Capital. 
Arvind Arora: So my question is on, since if I see, like trailing 12 months basis, our data is all -- like, data 
process is almost 1.1 billion. So any plan on data monetization, like using data analytics or 
something like that? 
[page 17]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Kapil Makhija: So our focus is to keep adding new capabilities in our products. I think we are evaluating 
internally on how we can look at data. We have amassed data over the last more than a decade 
having served thousands of customers and have a rich view on the information. But we are also 
cognizant of the new DPDP Act, so we are evaluating internally on what we can launch, which 
is within the regulatory ambit, but at the same time adds meaningful value to our customer base. 
Arvind Arora: Understood. And the second question is on, since you mentioned that -- and even if I compare 
the quarter-on-quarter standalone numbers, so our revenue increased 8%, but our PAT increased 
drastically. So same will happen, like going forward, even you are guiding double-digit growth, 
so our PAT would be at higher level due to operating leverage. Is my understanding correct? 
Kapil Makhija: Definitely, yes. So we have an inherent -- strong inherent operating leverage, because of which 
our profits typically tend to grow faster than our revenue growth. But at the same time, we want 
to invest in the business in terms of AI investments for product and technology. 
 As we mentioned in the beginning, for example, we have launched UniBot in Uniware, which 
is a GenAI solution, enables faster decision -making, simplification of experience for our 
customer base. And we anticipate more investment in the AI field for Uniware.  So the kind of 
growth in profit may not be visible every quarter, but in the long term, definitely a large portion 
of our revenue growth flows to our bottom line, so our profits will continue to grow faster than 
the revenues. 
Anurag Mittal: And just to add on, Arvind, here, that, during Q3 year -on-year, as you rightly mentioned, that 
our revenue has increased 8%, which has contributed to an increase in adjusted EBITDA, PBT  
and PAT as well. And Uniware operates with high gross margin profile.  Uniware’s gross margin 
is around near about 80%. And incremental volumes have a direct positive effect on the bottom 
line as well. 
 And as Kapil also mentioned that as our revenue growth momentum increases to the double -
digit trajectory in quarter 4 FY '26 and onwards, this operating leverage should further expand 
our profit pools and also help us to generate more and more cash. 
Arvind Arora: Understood, understood. And Kapil, just last one. As you mentioned, we are investing in AI 
product and everything. So these will open up a new stream of revenue, correct, going forward? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes, that's correct. It will add meaningful revenue, add meaningful value to our existing 
customers, plus it will open new monetization opportunities for us. 
Arvind Arora: Just last request, Kapil. So going forward, is it possible for you to disclose the numbers at a, like, 
a different product level? And even like you said, for Uniware also, you are getting revenue from 
two streams, like one is existing business and second would be the growth business. So if you 
can disclose that from Uniware? And then for Shipway and ConvertWay also, if you can disclose 
the numbers separately? Is it possible? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes. We disclose the net growth of our existing customers annually in the form of a metric called 
NRR. NRR is Net Revenue Retention, which means that if NRR is 103%, if a customer gave me 
INR100 last year, it gives me INR103 this year. So we disclose this metric annually. Along with 
[page 18]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
that, we disclose about our new enterprise acquisitions every quarter. So that gives a good 
perspective about the various levers impacting the growth. 
 The new products that we're adding contribute to our NRR. So as the new products start 
maturing, we should see improvement in our NRR going forward. In the current year, given 
these products are just recently launched, they may not contribute meaningfully to the current 
year financials. 
But as I mentioned, we are investing for future growth. As a result of which, in the subsequent 
years, you should see a strong contribution coming from these new launches that we are 
investing in the current year. 
Arvind Arora: Understood. But is it possible to disclose the revenue numbers and transaction process at a 
quarterly level? So that for us, it's also easy to understand where we are going. 
Kapil Makhija: You mean for the new products, right? 
Arvind Arora: For new product, yes.  
Kapil Makhija: So as they become meaningful, we will definitely evaluate this internally. We also want to make 
sure as a management team that it's easier to model the business and like have better 
predictability on our financial path. 
But like I said, today, these products are very nascent. It may not give a full picture. As the 
revenue matures of some of these new products, we will definitely evaluate the possibility of 
disclosing this so that it becomes more accurate to model the business. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for today. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Kapil Makhija sir, for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Kapil Makhija: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We hope we have been able to address your 
queries. Should you have any further queries or clarifications, please feel free to reach out to us 
or Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations advisors. Thank you, and have a good day. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Unicommerce eSolutions Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
