[page 1]
 
   
Unicommerce eSolutions Ltd. 
Registered Office: Mezzanine Floor, A-83, Okhla Industrial Area Phase-II, New Delhi 110020 India 
Corporate Office: M3M Urbana Business Park, Tower B, 9th Floor, Sector 67, Gurugram 122001, Haryana, India 
Tel +91-888 7790 22, email: contactus@unicommerce.com I Web: www.unicommerce.com  
CIN: L74140DL2012PLC230932 
 
4th May, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400 051  
Symbol: UNIECOM 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001  
Scrip Code: 544227 
 
Subject: Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call-Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Greetings from Unicommerce eSolutions Limited. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Q4 and FY26 Results 
Conference Call held on Tuesday, 28th April, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. IST for the quarter and 
financial year ended on 31st March, 2026.  
 
The same is available on the website of the Company at https://unicommerce.com/  
 
Please take the aforesaid document on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Unicommerce eSolutions Limited  
 
 
_________________ 
Anil Kumar 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. F8023  
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 28, 2026 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 28th April 2026 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAPIL MAKHIJA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – UNICOMMERCE 
ESOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 M R. ANURAG MITTAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
UNICOMMERCE ESOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 S TRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS ADVISORS  
 
 
 

[page 3]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Unicommerce eSolutions Limited Q4 and 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company 
as on date of this call. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 As a reminder, all participants will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touchstone phone. 
Please note that this conference has been recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kapil 
Makhija, Managing Director and CEO of Unicommerce eSolutions Limited. Thank you, and 
over to you, Mr. Makhija. 
Kapil Makhija: Thanks. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the FY '26 and quarter 4 
earnings call. I am joined today by Anurag Mittal, our Chief Financial Officer; along with our 
investor relations advisors, Strategic Growth Advisors.  
I'd like to begin a little differently today and share a perspective that goes beyond this quarter 
and beyond this year. Think about the last time you placed an online order, you click buy now, 
and you are done, but behind that click, a complex chain kicks in, inventory, warehousing, 
shipping, delivery, all working together to get that order to you in minutes, hours or days. Behind 
every order sits an invisible engine. And over the last 5 years, that engine has been completely 
transformed. That engine is our business, and its transformation is the story of Unicommerce.  
Let me give you one data point. In FY '21, our revenue was INR40 crores. In FY '26, we crossed 
INR204 crores. That's 5x growth in 5 years. There is another data point. This year, we delivered 
INR43.9 crores of adjusted EBITDA. That's higher than our entire revenue 5 years ago. Over 
the past 5 years, we have consistently met the Rule of 40, a key benchmark for SaaS companies 
where our some of revenue growth percentage and adjusted EBITDA margin percentage exceeds 
40%, reflecting a balanced focus on growth and financial discipline.  
These numbers reflect not only our growth but also how the world we operate in has changed 
fundamentally. 5 years ago, our typical eCommerce business operated across 3 to 4 sales 
channels. Today, it is common to see 8 to 12 channels, marketplaces, own brand website quick 
commerce platform, B2B models and general trade. 5 years ago, typical eCommerce warehouses 
processed around 5,000 orders a day with 1 order being processed at a time. Today, warehouses 
on our platform have the capacity to handle 3 lakh to 5 lakh orders daily. 5 years ago, shipping 
was measured in days. Today, it is measured in minutes. 
 The Unicommerce platform reflects this shift. 5 years ago, we supported around 100 integrations 
- the digital pipes connecting ecosystem. Today, we support nearly 350 integrations across 
Uniware, Shipway and ConvertWay. Peak single day volume has scaled from 12 lakh units to 
55 lakh units. 5 years ago, 100 clients had more than 50 users on our platform. Today, we serve 
clients with up to 1,000 registered users running mission-critical operations on our systems.  
Put simply, even a moderately sized brand today operating across multiple channels, SKUs, 
warehouses and partners cannot function on fragmented tools or manual coordination. The 
complexity demands a tightly integrated technology backbone. Without it, accuracy drops, speed 
[page 4]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
slows and customer experience deteriorates. This structural shift has redefined our role. We are 
no longer just a software provider. We are the operating system for eCommerce operations. And 
with deep integration into client workflows, we have become the system of record for mission-
critical operations.  
Against this backdrop, FY '26 marks the completion of a transformative phase and the beginning 
of a significantly larger opportunity. FY '26 was our first full year as a multi-platform 
eCommerce enablement SaaS company, transitioning from a single product business. Our 3 
platforms, ConvertWay, Uniware and Shipway span customer engagement, transaction 
processing and order fulfillment layers of the eCommerce value chain. This creates a structural 
advantage, a unified platform delivering ease of use and value that individual or fragmented 
solutions cannot replicate.  
And now with AI, the next shift is underway. Software is moving from execution to decision-
making. For our clients, we are their system of record because we sit at the core of operations, 
we see rich granular data. Through AI, we are enabling our clients to convert this data into real 
decisions. Uniware's UniBot is reducing time to ship and minimizing missed shipments. 
ShipSense AI is optimizing cost versus speed while reducing returns. Catalyst AI ConvertWay's 
voice bot is driving higher conversion through contextual engagement and timely customer 
conversations. This is already live, by the way, not theoretical. We are now an AI-first company. 
Platforms that enable faster, better decisions will capture disproportionate value, and we are 
building for that.  
Now to financial performance. FY '26 was strong. Revenue grew 51.6% to INR204.3 crores. 
Adjusted EBITDA grew 54.5% to INR43.9 crores. Cash more than doubled from INR35.3 crores 
to INR81.3 crores, driven by INR47 crores of cash flow from operations. And importantly, we 
have rebuilt our cash position to pre-Shipway acquisition levels within just 5 quarters while 
continuing to invest in growth.  
On the business side, despite a relatively subdued demand environment during parts of the year, 
we executed consistently on long-term priorities. We onboarded 450-plus enterprise clients, our 
strongest year ever. These include several well-known names such as Onida, Kenstar, Action 
Tesa, Nayasa, Ajanta Shoes, Lehar Footwear, Himalaya Wellness, Rupa, Lacoste, SuperYou, 
Trunativ, Vedantu and Allen, a good mix of established traditional retailers and new age digital-
first brands across categories.  
 Adoption is building. Our newer modules are also showing strong early traction. 40% to 45% of 
our Uniware enterprise customers are now using quick commerce and B2B modules. 5% to 6% 
have adopted UniReco within 3 quarters of launch and 1% to 2% have taken up UniCapture 
within a quarter of its launch. Our international Uniware business turned profitable this year and 
is now growing faster than our India business. 
 Uniware delivered 11.7% growth in Q4, in line with our guidance during our last earnings call 
and is on track to deliver double-digit growth in subsequent quarters as well. Shipway grew 
faster at 17.7% year-on-year growth in Q4. Looking ahead, we see the opportunity to replicate 
the growth achieved over the last 5 years.  
Our strategy for FY '27 and beyond is anchored on 4 priorities:  
[page 5]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
One, build more AI-led products and expand the use cases of existing ones to unlock new 
revenue streams;  
Two, accelerate growth across platforms. We expect Uniware to sustain double-digit growth, 
while Shipway should also grow double digits year-on-year at a faster pace, given its lower 
penetration and a larger addressable market;  
Three, looking at selective acquisitions aligned with our existing platform, profitable or have a 
clear path to profitability, AI relevant and available at a reasonable valuation;  
Four, staying disciplined on costs, demonstrating operating leverage even as we invest for 
growth.  
Our capital allocation is evolving accordingly. We have stepped up investments starting Q4 FY 
'26 focused on sales and marketing expansion, AI-led product development, strengthening mid- 
to senior leadership, embedding advanced AI tools across product and GTM and these 
investments will happen across both Uniware and Shipway. You will see the near-term financial 
impact of these investments in the form of lower adjusted EBITDA and PAT over the next 2 
quarters. 
 However, we remain confident of delivering higher full year operational profitability in FY '27 
compared to FY '26. To summarize, we enter FY '27 with stronger products, a broader 
platform and clear visibility on scale. E-commerce complexity in India will only increase. 
Every layer of complexity strengthens our relevance. These are powerful tailwinds, and we 
intend to capitalize on them with both discipline and ambition.  
                                                With that, I will now hand over to Anurag to walk you through the financials in detail. 
Anurag Mittal: Thank you, Kapil, and good morning, everyone. Let me walk you through the financial 
performance. Starting with FY '26, our revenue for the year stood at INR204.3 crores compared 
to INR134.8 crores in FY '25, a year-on-year growth of 51.6%. Adjusted EBITDA for the year 
was INR43.9 crores, up from INR28.4 crores, a growth of 54.5%. Adjusted EBITDA margin 
stood at 21.5%, holding steady versus FY '25 despite the full year consolidation of Shipway, 
which operates at different margin structure. 
 I want to highlight one important point here that the underlying Uniware business actually 
expanded its stand-alone adjusted EBITDA margin from 25% in FY’25 to 37.5% in FY '26, 
reflecting the operating leverage Kapil referred to earlier. The business continues to demonstrate 
strong cash generation. Cash flow from operations for FY '26 was INR47 crores compared to 
INR28 crores in FY '25. Profit after tax for the year stood at INR20.5 crores, up from INR17.6 
crores in FY '25, a growth of 16.1% Y-o-Y. 
 Our cash and bank balance stood at INR81.3 crores as of 31st March 2026 compared to INR35.3 
crores as at the end of FY '25. This is similar to our cash position prior to Shipway acquisition. 
Our EPS increased from INR1.58 in FY '25 to INR1.78 in FY '26. Moving to the quarterly 
performance for quarter 4 FY '26, our revenue stood at INR51.6 crores compared to INR45.3 
crores in quarter 4 FY '25, a year-on-year growth of 14%. 
[page 6]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 On a sequential basis, revenue was lower than quarter 3, and I want to spend a moment on why 
this pattern repeats every year. Quarter 3 is a peak demand quarter for the Indian eCommerce 
industry. It is supported by extended festive activity, Diwali, Christmas and the holiday season, 
which drives higher consumption across gifting, fashion and home categories as people buy new 
clothes and new things for their homes. 
 Layered on top is the incremental winter-led demand in the northern markets. Together, these 
factors keep order volumes elevated through the quarter. Quarter 4 in contrast is characterized 
by shorter event-driven spikes such as end-of-season sales and Republic Day sales, largely 
discount-led and inventory clearance in nature. 
 As a result, overall volume naturally normalize and come in lower than quarter 3. The same 
trend played out last year on a stand-alone basis.  
Our adjusted EBITDA for quarter 4 FY '26 stood at INR9.6 crores compared to INR8.9 crores 
in quarter 4 FY '25, a year-on-year growth of 7.8%. Profit after tax for the quarter stood at 
INR3.4 crores compared to INR3.3 crores in quarter 4 FY '25, a year-on-year growth of 1.6%. 
 The adjusted EBITDA and PAT for the quarter reflects the planned growth investment we have 
initiated for Shipway during the period, as Kapil outlined earlier. These include strengthening 
our sales and marketing, adding product and engineering talent focus on AI implementation and 
bringing on board more experienced mid-senior team members. We are also investing more this 
year in software and in AI tool to implement the related technologies in both our products and 
our go-to-market. 
 Overall, our year-on-year performance reflects a combination of steady revenue growth, 
improving profitability and strong cash generation.  
In addition to the financial update, I would also like to share an important update. We are 
currently evaluating the initiation of our merger process between Unicommerce eSolutions 
Limited and Shipway Technology Private Limited. The objective of this proposed merger is to 
improve operational efficiency, simplify our corporate structure and reduce compliance 
requirements and overheads. It will also enable stronger go-to-market alignment across teams, 
better cross-selling across our combined customer base with lower contractual and compliance 
friction and make it easier to bring joint offerings to our customers. We will keep you informed 
in this progress -- as this process progresses.  
Looking ahead, our focus remains clear. We will maintain cost discipline while supporting 
growth across all 3 platforms. Even as we continue to invest our growth, we are confident of 
delivering higher full year profitability in FY '27 compared to FY '26 through disciplined 
execution and operating leverage.  
Over the last 5 years, we have built the infrastructure, the products and the team that the next 
phase of India's eCommerce needs. We have 3 complementary platforms, the strongest 
enterprise customer base in our history  and AI capabilities that are already moving from promise 
into production. We are debt-free, cash generative and profitable. We are investing for the future 
with discipline and see the opportunity to replicate the growth achieved over the last 5 years. 
With that, we will now open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
[page 7]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will take the first question from the line of Sumeet Jain from CLSA. 
Please go ahead.  
Sumeet Jain: Congrats, Kapil and Anurag, for a good top line growth this quarter. I think it was very 
heartening to see a double-digit growth in the stand-alone business after almost a gap of 4, 5 
quarters. So it seems like you have turned around the corner there. So can you give us some 
glimpse into how you are looking at the growth in FY '27 for the stand-alone business closer to 
mid-teens or the kind of growth rate we have seen this quarter at least? 
Kapil Makhija: Thanks for the question. As we had mentioned before that we are confident of delivering a 
double-digit growth in Uniware, which is coming at the back of strong client acquisition. As we 
have demonstrated in quarter 4, we've had one of the best -- with the highest ever client 
acquisition, which will translate into better revenue growth in the coming year, along with 
improved adoption of our new products. 
 Because of that, we continue to be confident of delivering a double-digit growth. I think it will 
be difficult for me to give a specific guidance, but we are confident on continuing with a double-
digit growth trajectory for the stand-alone business. 
Sumeet Jain: Got it. That's helpful. And on the investments, I think you mentioned for how many quarters it 
will continue? I think you have guided for a better profitability in FY '27 -- but just to -- from 
the modeling standpoint for a quarter-to-quarter basis, how should one look at these increased 
investments? 
Kapil Makhija: So as we mentioned earlier in the discussion today that we will invest in the next 2 quarters. The 
investments have started from quarter 4 FY '26 itself because of which we anticipate that the 
adjusted EBITDA and PAT will be lower compared to the previous quarters. But we are also 
confident that we will deliver a full year profitability higher than FY '26 and FY '27. 
Sumeet Jain: Okay. So that implies in second half, your profitability will be far better than in a way the first 
half as well as in FY '26, right? 
Kapil Makhija: Exactly, yes. We anticipate that the operating leverage will kick in from FY '27 when we start 
seeing higher -- from second half of FY '27 when we see the result of our initiatives and 
investments that we are putting in, in these 3 quarters. 
Sumeet Jain: Got it. And lastly, also, you can highlight, I mean, what is the impact of AI on your business? 
How are you infusing maybe the latest AI models into your business solutions? What kind of 
go-to-market strategy are you devising on the ground to make sure that your enterprise customers 
are actually able to utilize these AI offerings from you? So maybe some more highlight you can 
please. 
Kapil Makhija: Sure. So as I mentioned, we've become an AI-first company. Not only are we launching AI 
native products, but we are also embedding AI across our go-to-market functions, including 
marketing, sales, onboarding, support and technology. And we have seen a phenomenal 
improvement in the metrics and the benefits we pass on to our customers in terms of faster 
onboarding, better pipe creation in marketing and also faster development of products. 
[page 8]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 This is -- all of this has demonstrated improvements in productivity, accelerated feature 
launches, and we expect more of that to happen as we continue to incorporate AI into more and 
more functions as well as more and more products. You will see us launching newer products as 
well as newer use cases, which are AI-first so that we can benefit the entire ecosystem. We have 
already launched AI-native products across the 3 domains, Catalyst in ConvertWay, UniBot in 
Uniware and ShipSense in Shipway. You will continue to hear more of such launches and more 
use cases being catered leveraging AI. 
Sumeet Jain: Got it. And will it be right to assume that the increase in your employee benefit expense is largely 
around sales and marketing team, while your R&D team or the software development team might 
not be increasing at the same pace because of the AI-led productivity? 
Kapil Makhija: See the investment, Sumeet that we are doing our to the tune of leveraging AI to be able to do 
better R&D. There are some investments that we're doing in terms of talent in R&D as well. 
There are obviously investments in sales and marketing, as you rightly pointed out. Third, we 
are also using more and more tools. So there is some investment towards AI tools to be able to 
get better productivity. 
 And we are also strengthening some mid- to senior talent capacity across both Uniware and 
Shipway. Investments are largely in these 4 buckets, using AI for R&D, more sales and 
marketing, getting some mid- to senior talent; and fourth, is using more and more AI tools to 
improve our productivity. 
Moderator: We will take the next question from the line of Siva from iThought PMS. 
Siva: So my first question is regarding our stand-alone business. So if you look at our growth, we've 
been growing at around 40%, 50% rate during FY '22, '23 and kind of slowed down to 15% in 
'24 and then we went to 10% and now we are at 5% in FY '26. If I kind of break it down further, 
our client additions have been growing at a healthy 20% CAGR, but our ARPA is what I think 
is eating up our entire growth? 
 So -- and again, ARPA is a function of both the pricing that we charge with our clients and the 
volume that is processed by our clients. And I also recall that we had a price escalation clause 
with our new clients. Despite having all that, our ARPA fell by 11% in FY '26 higher -- slightly 
higher than FY '25. So I want to understand what is actually pushing this down? And what are 
the measures we will be taking to increase this ARPA going forward? 
Kapil Makhija: Sure. Thanks, Siva, for the question. As we have mentioned in the earlier calls as well, our 
growth is a function of growth of existing customers, addition of new clients. Since FY '21 to 
about FY '25, these are the 2 main factors driving the growth for us. While in FY '21, '22, we 
had seen the market -- e-commerce market continuing to grow fairly fast and because of which 
the plus, plus that we were adding on top of the market growth was coming through new client 
acquisition, and we were able to grow the business at 45%, 50%. 
 In FY '24, '25, as we mentioned before, we've seen the overall market not growing as fast as it 
grew during the pandemic. And that is when we started to invest in new products, while the 
overall year growth is about 5.5%. But if you look at the last second half of the year, you can 
[page 9]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
see that we are -- we delivered about 8% growth in the quarter 3 and now back to double-digit 
growth in quarter 4 of FY '26. 
 That is on the back of not only faster client acquisition, but also addition of new products. So 
now the 3 factors of our growth are market growth, new customer acquisition and adoption of 
new products amongst our existing customer base. Because of this, we've delivered a double-
digit growth in quarter 4 and has given us the confidence that we'll continue to deliver this 
double-digit growth. As far as the ARPA is concerned, see, when we acquire a client, a lot of 
clients end up taking our software in the early phase of their journey and they continue to grow 
subsequently. 
 In the earlier years, the growth of the market, which ensured growth of our existing customers 
continue to be strong, which has softened a bit over the last few years because of which now to 
drive growth of our existing customers, we have launched new products so that as these new 
products continue to get adopted, we will continue to see a faster growth in our business going 
forward. And that's why we are confident that we'll hence be able to deliver double-digit growth 
in the business. 
Siva: Understood, sir. So we could also comment like because we are adding so much clients every 
year, our ARPA is not able to go up. Is that the right understanding? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes, exactly. So like we've had the highest quarter -- highest number of client acquisition in the 
last quarter, 149 and highest ever in the year, 450 plus. So as these clients mature, we will see a 
faster growth kicking in. And that's why we are guiding for a double-digit growth in the 
subsequent quarters, while we've only delivered in early single digits in the first half of the year. 
Siva: Yes. Understood. And my second question is for Shipway. So what was the total shipment 
number that we saw for FY '26? And what was the EBITDA margin that we made for the whole 
year? And what do you think would be the steady-state margin for this business? 
Kapil Makhija: See, from a shipment perspective, we had mentioned that we've crossed 1 billion-plus 
transactions. And honestly, as a metric, while we continue to be larger than that, as a metric, it 
was a metric that we had put in place to demonstrate that we are capable of handling a higher 
scale. The 3 metrics that really matter for our business is growth of our existing customers, 
addition of new customers and the profitability that we are delivering. 
 So as a business, we continue to track these 3 metrics. We are -- as we had mentioned in the last 
earnings call, we are no longer publishing the number of transactions or shipments that are 
getting processed through our platform because it does not necessarily give the true picture of 
the business as the mix of the transactions has become fairly heterogeneous over the last few 
quarters. 
 When we went public, we were only catering to B2C transactions, but now we have B2B, quick 
commerce transactions. We have newer products, which also add into the transaction mix 
because of that. That is a metric we are no longer publishing, but we continue to be north of the 
1 billion-plus transactions and continue to see a strong growth in the transactions. Sorry, what 
was the second part of this question for you? 
[page 10]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Siva: So I was asking the EBITDA margin that we did for the whole year and what could be a steady-
state margins? 
Kapil Makhija: So on the margin perspective, we've continued to stay consistent. We had mentioned that our 
stand-alone business continues to be nearly 80% gross margin and Shipway demonstrates close 
to 20% gross margin. We've stayed in the similar ballpark in these businesses, and we will 
continue to be in the similar ballpark going forward as well. We have not seen any structural 
change in the nature of the business. So we are confident of continuing to maintain this gross 
margin profile. 
Siva: Sorry, sir, I was talking with regards to EBITDA margin for Shipway business. Are we EBITDA 
positive in Shipway? 
Kapil Makhija: So as we mentioned in the last earnings call and have called out this quarter as well that we 
continue to invest in Shipway. We invest in sales and marketing and we invested in AI 
development in Shipway as it's a challenger, and we want it to grow faster to be able to capture 
a large market. So in this quarter, we are not EBITDA positive in Shipway because those are the 
investments we are doing in to drive growth. At the same time, in the stand-alone business, we 
have seen our adjusted EBITDA improved from 25% to 37.5% for the full year. 
Siva: Yes, that helps. And one last thing... 
Moderator: Please get back in the queue. Thank you very much. We will take the next question from the line 
of Vinod Krishna from Avendus Wealth. 
Vinod Krishna: Post-COVID, we got a huge tailwind in terms of people, all businesses supposed to take on the 
e-commerce bandwagon. And you said in your commentary that you would like to repeat our 
kind of growth 5x in 5 years. Okay. I'm not expecting that kind of growth, but at least to maintain 
north of 20%, 25% growth given our profile of our company. And given the slowdown that we 
had in the last 1.5, 2 years, do you think you can maintain that kind of growth rate? 
 And what are the factors contributing to why are you so confident that you will get the -- if not 
the similar, at least if not 5x in 5 years, 3 to 4x in 5 years? So if you can a little bit more elaborate 
because we had a huge tailwind post-COVID. Are you seeing something or you're dependent on 
acquisitions? Or you are confident that you will increase your market share or drop ship 
percentage will increase? What are the driver of that kind of growth over the next 5 years? That's 
my first question, sir. 
Kapil Makhija: Sure. So the key pillars for the growth that we are working towards in the business is, one, 
building more AI-led products and getting new use cases. Two is accelerate these growth 
platforms through product improvements, new client acquisitions and execution rigor. 
Obviously, inorganic and acquisitions continue to be a core part of our strategy. So we'll continue 
to evaluate selective M&A opportunities and we want to stay disciplined on the cost.  
 So in terms of driving the 5x growth, while COVID had -- pandemic had helped drive faster e-
commerce adoption because of which we have seen a market growth, which has led to our 
growth as well. But at the same time, as I mentioned over the last few quarters, we -- obviously, 
we can't really control how fast the market grows, right? 
[page 11]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 So in terms of things in our control, we are trying to do that well, which is, one, get more and 
more clients onto the ecosystem. Being the largest player in the ecosystem now generally tends 
to benefit SaaS businesses. So we are getting more and more clients added to our portfolio. 
Second thing in our control is to build new products, new use cases. AI is a big enabler for us. 
We are a system of record. 
 So AI is a boon for us. We store so much information for our clients that we can provide rich 
insights and very, very important decision-making for the clients, which otherwise would have 
been very difficult to achieve in a pre-AI era. As a result of that, being able to add more and 
more clients aggressively and being able to enable new use cases in the post- AI era, along with 
our ability to be -- to add new product capabilities through inorganic acquisitions, a combination 
of these 3 factors will help driving more growth. 
 We have already demonstrated a faster growth in our stand-alone business. Shipway operates in 
a large market and is fairly a challenger in that market. Combination of these factors gives us 
the confidence that we will continue to drive high growth in the business and will continue to 
demonstrate a fast growth going forward. 
Vinod Krishna: Second question is regarding the market share. Are we maintaining our market share in Uniware? 
And are you seeing any -- like if you -- like most of our customers, they use their own Excels 
and all. Are they using this AI to write their own products, that kind of a threat are you seeing? 
These 2 questions, sir. One is market share on Uniware and people vibe coding there because 
it's for small people instead of Excel. So adoption becomes more slower and longer for us to 
convert them into our products? Or am I thinking wrong there? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes. So for the first part of your question, see, we continue to acquire more and more customers. 
So we -- while a large portion continues to be on Excel, but amongst the customers who are 
looking for software, we continue to be a preferred choice. We are already a market leader. And 
as I mentioned in SaaS, we have typically seen the market leader tends to accelerate a lot more. 
 So a lot of new clients are coming to us. So we continue to see an increasing market share in the 
business. In terms of the businesses who are in Excel, can we leverage AI to build copies of 
Unicommerce? The answer is no because while AI can -- one, these integrations are very 
difficult to build, there are beyond the core marketplaces, there are -- like I mentioned, there are 
today, a brand is selling on 8 to 12 different channels. So one is building those integrations.  
 More importantly, it is about maintaining those integrations that requires consistent investment, 
which is not the core of the brand. The core for the brand is to build a product which is loved by 
the customers, think about the brand positioning and not build this tech in-house. More 
importantly, beyond the technical capabilities, I think the few defensibilities that we have is, 
one, we have built deep relationships across various ecosystem players, which is marketplaces, 
logistics partners. 
 While AI can write the code, it is very hard to replicate these relationships so much so that many 
of these large players today sit across the table and build the product road map jointly. It's 
extremely hard for now a platform or a marketplace to do this with thousands of brands, and 
that's why they prefer an aggregator like us where they can jointly talk about things that can 
benefit the overall ecosystem. 
[page 12]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 Second point is that the complexity of the eCommerce ecosystem is increasing. The need for a 
system of record is extremely high. They need a stable and scalable system, which they can trust 
with their data because that is being used to make important decisions. While they can make 
basic use cases through AI, building a scalable and very stable system that they can trust with 
their business is going to be extremely hard to replicate. And because of that, it is extremely 
hard for a brand to build this on their own. It's not their DNA, plus they need a trusted and 
scalable system to be able to do that. 
Vinod Krishna: So you're confident on the growth, sir, for next year, like 20%, 25% growth at least when you 
say double digit, not? 
Kapil Makhija: See, we are not giving a growth guidance for the FY '27. But what I'm confident of is a double-
digit growth and the fact that we want -- we are looking -- the ambition is to replicate the success 
we have demonstrated in the last 5 years to replicate that in a similar time frame in the coming 
years as well. 
Moderator: We will take the next question from the line of Majid Ahamed from PinPoint X Capital. 
Majid Ahamed: Sir, my first question that I have is what's the current NRR, as you used to mention metric for 
this year? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes. So NRR for the year was above -- so we have maintained that our NRR continues to be 
above 100%. We have -- in FY '26 as well, our NRR is above 100%, excluding the churn of this 
we saw in the top 10 bucket. We had mentioned about that in the last earnings call as well. The 
NRR continues to be subdued, as I had mentioned, because it reflects the broader e-commerce 
ecosystem growth. 
 And like I mentioned, that's not in our control. We continue to add new products and continue 
to add new clients to be able to drive growth in the business. -- at the same time, we've also seen 
that, as I mentioned, the new client acquisitions continue to be strong for us. So the contribution 
of new clients to our revenue continues to be in the similar ballpark of 7% to 8%, like we had 
mentioned in the earlier calls as well. 
Majid Ahamed: Got it, sir. And sir, this quarter, we had more sales and marketing expenditure, as you said, that 
had dragged our EBITDA. So what's our exact incremental sales and marketing spend for this 
quarter, sir? 
Kapil Makhija: So our investments have not only happened in sales and marketing. As I mentioned, we had also 
gotten more talent to be able to leverage AI to improve our productivity. We have gotten AI 
tools embedded across various business functions and also technology to be able to build faster. 
And we got some mid- to senior talent to be able to build execution depth. 
 A combination of these 4 factors have resulted in the investments because of which we've seen 
our EBITDA growth not being in quarter 4, slightly subdued, but these are investments where -
- see, another factor is that -- in the last few quarters, we have seen as we made these investments, 
we have seen the business turn around and deliver higher growth. The intent is to drive higher 
growth in the business, and that's why we want to invest in quarter 4 and the next 2 quarters to 
be able to drive a consistent growth in the business and unlock value for our shareholders. 
[page 13]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Majid Ahamed: Got it, sir. Sir, for Shipway, I'm seeing the pace of sales growth has slightly moderated. So going 
forward, how are we looking to improve the growth there in the Shipway segment? 
Kapil Makhija: The sequential decline in Shipway is largely because of seasonality. As Anurag mentioned that 
quarter 3 includes key festivals like Diwali and Christmas where people buy across categories. 
They buy new clothes, new things for their homes. And there are a lot of gift purchases. There 
is also a winter seasonality. Because of which, there is buying at the beginning of the season. 
While quarter 4 sales are largely event-driven like end-of-season sale or the public day sales, 
which are mostly discount-led and for inventory clearance. 
 In general, we've seen Q3 demand is higher than quarter 4. The same trend was there last year 
as well. So the sequential drop in Shipway is largely  on account of seasonality, we continue to 
be confident of continue to drive growth because it's a very large market and Shipway, still a 
challenger in that market. Seasonality aside, the investments we have put in place for sales and 
marketing and for AI-led product development, we are confident of being able to deliver high 
growth in the business. 
Majid Ahamed: Okay, sir. Sir, finally, just want to know regarding this international market expansion and how 
we going around this, sir, how do we see contribution for FY '27, the international market? 
Kapil Makhija: So international market, as I mentioned, became profitable in this year and continues to grow 
stronger than the domestic business. The relative contribution is smaller. It used to be 4% to 5%. 
It has improved to about 6% to 7% in this year. Going forward, it's difficult to give a specific 
guidance for business sensitive reasons  on what the contribution will be, but we continue to see 
a faster growth in the business going forward as well. 
 And the intent is to grow deeper within the geographies that we are operating in. We are 
operating in 7 geographies outside of India across Middle East and Southeast Asia. The idea is 
to grow deeper. And within these 7 geographies, the 3 geographies that are most prominent for 
us are Dubai, Philippines and Malaysia. The idea is to grow deeper in these geographies. 
Moderator: We will take the next question from the line of Pratik Banthia from Fermi325 Investment 
Advisers. 
Pratik Banthia: Congrats on a good set of numbers. Also great to see the fashion brand success story where 
we've been able to leverage all 3 of our platforms for revenue growth. So how deep of an impact 
we can have on our brand's success. I just wanted to understand what kind of segments are we 
looking at for acquisitions? What would be the ticket size over there? And how many deals are 
we looking for potential deals? 
Kapil Makhija: Sure. So, as I mentioned, inorganic is an important growth lever for us. So we continue to look 
at product capabilities that are making sense to our existing customers. They should be a natural 
extension and should make sense. From a ticket size perspective, we'll see effectively not looking 
at a very large business. 
 It's difficult to quantify our ticket size, but we are not looking at a very large business. The ideal 
fit for us is a business, which adds a good product capability. So it should be a good product, 
good team should be available at a reasonable valuation should be either profitable or have a 
[page 14]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
path to profitability. And it has to have an alignment to the existing business. So those are factors 
that we use to evaluate the businesses. 
 As you see, there are many, many businesses that we continue to be in touch with. Many of these 
discussions are at an initial phase, so difficult for us to talk about a specific state or specific 
players that we are considering. But just to give you an example is, if you look at the prepurchase 
journey, today, ConvertWay is our entry into the prepurchase journey. We have largely been a 
post-purchase player. 
 So that's a white space that's open. So that could be an interesting space to look at solutions, 
which are operating in the prepurchase journey. Similarly, on the post-purchase side, it could be 
on analytics, it could be on loyalty or any other area. This is not indicative of spaces that we're 
actively considering. But just to give you a flavor of potential spaces that are complementary to 
what we offer today. 
Pratik Banthia: Okay. Another question I had was can you share any cross-sell rate of existing Uniware clients 
who've adopted Shipway and ConvertWay. 
Kapil Makhija: So for us, as I have mentioned, the overlap when we acquired Shipway was about -- was less 
than 5%. We are already at a 10% plus cross-sell rate. But I also want to call out that beyond 
Uniware, there is a large market for Shipway, which consists of Instagram sellers, B2C brands, 
drop-shippers, who may not require Uniware platform. 
 And this large addressable market is why we continue to invest in sales and marketing to 
accelerate growth. So as both of the bases are growing, Uniware client basis is growing, Shipway 
client basis is growing from a percentage basis to continue to say 10% plus and it may look 
static, but we continue to see a stronger overlap on both businesses. 
Pratik Banthia: Okay. And another question was share-based payment has jumped  quite a bit compared to last 
year. I just wanted to get a sense what kind of dilution can we model into our financials going 
ahead? Just a bookkeeping question. 
Kapil Makhija: See, from an M&A perspective, we've been adding cash, we have now got our cash to pre-
Shipway acquisition levels. [47.53 min inaudible] As I talked about the thesis that we use for 
identifying  targets for acquisition. So our intent is to not look at dilution when they're acquiring, 
but leverage most of our cash to be able to do this. In terms of issuing ESOPs to talent, we have 
issued ESOPs to both existing talent as well as new incoming talent. I talked about investing to 
get some mid- to senior talent. 
 So we have also issued ESOPs to them. All of this is ensuring that the incentive for the leadership 
teams and the acquisition teams are aligned to the overall growth of the business. Because of 
that, we've seen an increase in the share-based expenses, but the intent is to ensure that we are 
able to unlock value for our shareholders by driving higher growth in the business. 
Pratik Banthia: Okay. And last question was, have you seen any slowdown in consumptions  since the beginning 
of March since the war has started? Any signs of slowdown have you've been able to spot or not 
there? 
[page 15]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Kapil Makhija: Yes. So we have -- bulk of our business is focused on India. So we have rarely seen any 
disruption in our India business in terms of new client acquisition or existing business. In the 
Middle East business, which is a small contributor, even there, we have not seen any major 
impact or disruption in our business -- in our existing business. We have seen small impact in 
the sales cycles, they become slightly longer in the last few weeks, but we are seeing that also 
coming back to normal as the overall situation normalizes in the region. 
Moderator: We will take the next question from the line of Vansh Gupta from Prescient Capital. 
Vansh Gupta: Just a couple of questions from my end. So our top 10 customer revenue contribution, if you 
look at the absolute number, it's about -- it's grown by about 3.5% since the last year. So any 
specific reason for why the customers -- why the revenue from top 10 customers has been 
growing at a slower pace versus the growth in the Uniware business? 
Kapil Makhija: Sure. As I mentioned in the last call as well, the growth of top 10 customers is reflective of their 
overall business. Because any large customer or all customers for that matter, manage 100% of 
their eCommerce dropship business on us. So it's not as a part of the business is going somewhere 
else. They either maintain the full business on us or they don't maintain at all.  
 We've seen one of our large customers churn because of the change in the business model 
because of which multi-channel was no longer a use case for them. Because of which, they 
discontinue. So a combination of growth of the overall customers, the top 10 customers and the 
fact that is one of the top 10 customers stopped using the platform because of change of business 
use case is a result of what the numbers that you're talking about. 
Vansh Gupta: Got it, sir. So just a follow-up on that. So I believe you had mentioned in the prior few quarters 
that there were some price escalations that were also built into the contracts that you had signed 
with the customers. So both when you look at the 11%, 12% growth in the business as well as 
the 3.5% growth of the top 10 customers, is the bulk of the revenue growth driven by price 
growth or volume growth? Both the top 10 as well for the Uniware business? 
Kapil Makhija: Sure. As I mentioned, price escalation, we had started to put it in the contract of new customers 
since last year. The benefit of that has started to already kick in. But most of our top 10 customers 
are our old customers. Having seen the success of price escalation being applied on the new 
customers, we now plan to incorporate this in our existing contracts as well. 
 The impact or benefit of that will be demonstrated in the subsequent years. So it's safe to assume 
that the growth that you're seeing in the top 10 customers is largely the transaction growth. There 
is no price escalation yet baked into the large customers because those are existing contracts and 
we haven't yet started to implement the price escalation on our existing contracts. 
Vansh Gupta: Got it, sir. And just one more follow-up, sir. So we have also launched a couple of products, 
UniReco, and we also acquired Shipway last year. So in terms of cross-sell and upselling 
opportunities, is there any specific reason for why UniReco has been adopted by this 5% to 6% 
of our client base or rather any contribution this 5% to 6% of total revenue on it? Are you seeing 
any momentum for the UniReco produt or for other products that we've launched in the past 
year? 
[page 16]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Kapil Makhija: Yes, so see in SaaS or in technical products, we are generally a gestation period for adoption. 
When we launched B2B quick commerce, it was in the single digits and we had initially 
launched. And over course of time, you've seen now 40% to 45% of our enterprise customer 
base adopting B2B quick commerce use cases. 
 In UniReco, while we had launched with one of these cases, which has payment reconciliation 
across marketplaces, we continue to get feedback about newer use cases about inventory 
reconciliation, about order -- full order to cash cycle, et cetera. So we continue to incorporate 
this feedback, and that's also one of the investment areas for us to be able to make this even 
relevant for more and more customers within our ecosystem. 
 So far within the first 3 quarters itself, we've seen a 5% to 6% adoption. As we incorporate the 
feedback and this becomes relevant for more and more TAM within our customer base, you will 
see a higher adoption of UniReco coming forward. 
Vansh Gupta: And sir, in terms of competitors for the UniReco product, I believe Increff is there, but I'm not 
sure it offers UniReco kind of a product. But are we seeing like any loss of customers to our 
competitors like Increff in the standalone Uniware business as well as the UniReco product that 
we launched? 
Kapil Makhija: Very difficult to comment on such a competitor. But safe to say that, one, today, there is no 
competitor because as comprehensive product offering that we have. Two, the churn of 
customers is largely on account of them shutting down or them stopping to sell online. We've 
rarely seen a brand, a large brand transitioning to a different platform. 
 Largely, the churn happens to long-tail businesses, which is on account of either them shutting 
down or them not -- or deciding to stop selling online. UniReco is a unique and differentiated 
offering. We do have some smaller competitors who offer this as a service. But amongst the 
larger players and larger competitors, we don't see anybody offering a credible solution on the 
reconciliation space. 
 And as I mentioned, we are also looking to make this fairly comprehensive to make this 
amenable to CFOs of large organizations to be able to get a better handle on their eCommerce 
business. The kind of depth that we're building in UniReco, that will be unparalleled and there'll 
be nobody who will be able to offer comprehensive of a solution within UniReco and overall 
product suite as well. 
Vansh Gupta: So is that like a focus area for the company's growth? Are you guys trying to push UniReco and 
make  significant product, and you expect it to become a significant contribute to your overall 
revenue contribution? Is that like a focus area of your overall... 
Kapil Makhija: So our focus is to drive newer products. UniReco is one of the new products. We have 
UniCapture and we have more products in the making. We've been talking about them as we 
launch. So the focus is definitely to drive adoption of newer products on to our customer base 
and to drive growth coming from these new products across the different products that we are 
launching. So that is one important growth lever  for us. 
[page 17]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Vansh Gupta: And the growth, are we focused on domestic largely or international is also like a bigger focus 
for us? Do you expect the growth to come in domestic customer going forward or for 
international customers? 
Kapil Makhija: Both actually. So domestic is the largest part of our business. International still continues to be 
in single digits for us. So the idea is to enable some of these new products and international 
geographies also, but the big focus of these new products is going to be get them adopted within 
the Indian ecosystem. And as they mature further, then we'll look at expanding them to 
international geographies as well. 
Vansh Gupta: So incremental growth, we're focusing on domestic customers right now and with some ancillary 
business going to international customers. Is that right? I'm saying for the incremental growth 
that we're projecting for the next 1, 2 years, we're focusing on domestic customer first and then 
the international customers after that. Is that right? 
Kapil Makhija: So both are important focus areas for us. International business has grown faster than our 
domestic business coming at a smaller base though. So we want to grow both the businesses. 
The new product adoption, which is largely focused for India. And as the new products mature, 
we will take them to international markets as well. 
Moderator: We will take the next question from the line of Arvind Arora from A Square Capital. 
Arvind Arora: So we have almost closing 1.1 billion transactions that we process every year. So we have a huge 
data library now. And you have also mentioned  that we will use this data to analyze and provide 
insights to customers. So what would be our revenue model on this, like and how we can expect 
this solution to the customer? And are we planning to develop a separate tool for this like 
something like a dashboard type of things? Or can you please throw some more light on that 
part, please? 
Kapil Makhija: So as you rightly pointed out, we processed a lot of transactions. We get access to very important 
data for our particular clients. So the idea is to build a separate product line to be able to drive 
richer insight for the business. This is still early stages. We are still building it out. I think it will 
be difficult to comment on the revenue model that will evolve as the product gets launched and 
as we get more feedback. But that product on these lines is in the making, and we'll be able to 
share more details once we are ready to launch this product. 
Arvind Arora: Any timelines on this? Because we are moving like we are targeting like it's from IT enablers, 
we are focusing on business solution providers. Any timelines in the mind? 
Kapil Makhija: So in the AI area, things are moving at a lot faster pace. I think we're hopeful we should be able 
to share a more complete update in the next earnings call for you. The idea is to be able to get 
some feedback from our customers and then do a full-fledged launch about the product. 
Arvind Arora: Understood. Okay. And Kapil, we are talking in the last 2, 3 quarters about the inorganic growth. 
So which line of business we are thinking that we should go and acquire a customer -- sorry, go 
and acquire business so that we can grow in IT e-commerce? 
Kapil Makhija: See, as I mentioned before as well, the various factors that we look at acquiring our businesses, 
that is to be relevant our existing customers. There should be significant AI relevance, and it 
[page 18]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  April 28, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
should be available at a reasonable valuation. More importantly, it should be a good product, 
good team. The sales muscle is something that we have that we can grow the business. 
 So the idea is to look at adjacent white spaces, which add product capability and help us realize 
our vision of becoming a one-stop shop for e-commerce enablement. I talked about a few 
example white spaces in terms of expanding into the pre-purchase journey and looking at a few 
spaces in the post-purchase journey as well. So we will continue to -- as we speak, we continue 
to evaluate various white spaces and are in touch with a number of players and evaluating 
whether they meet the criteria that I outlined. As and when we have a complete  update on this 
particular aspect, we'll be happy to share it with the market. 
Arvind Arora: Understood. And Kapil, ground level, especially ground level, there are more SMEs that face 
issues in like GST recon and everything. So since we have so much good capability, so are we 
also planning to launch any tool on that part so that like to add more tool to help those SME and 
then increase our revenue? 
Kapil Makhija: So our focus is e-commerce. So we want to first talk about and also problems related to e-
commerce, which is through with payment reconciliation, inventory reconciliation, returns, 
etcetera. I think that's our initial focus area, and that's what we're most focused about -- and we're 
getting feedback on that. As the product matures and we get this use case from our customers to 
have this particular thing about GST recon embedded in this solution, that's when we can 
incorporate. Today, we are focused on solving the eCommerce pain points our customer base. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we will take that as the last 
question for today. I now hand the conference back to the management for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 
Kapil Makhija: Thank you, everyone. I hope we have been able to answer all the questions and give you a 
meaningful update on the business. In case if there are any further questions, please do reach out 
to Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you, and have a good day. 
Moderator: Thank you members of the management. On behalf of Unicommerce eSolutions Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us today, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
