[page 1]
 
   
Unicommerce eSolutions Ltd. 
Registered Office: Mezzanine Floor, A-83, Okhla Industrial Area Phase-II, New Delhi 110020 India 
Corporate Office: M3M Urbana Business Park, Tower B, 9th Floor, Sector 67, Gurugram 122001, Haryana, India 
Tel +91-888 7790 22, email: contactus@unicommerce.com I Web: www.unicommerce.com  
CIN: L74140DL2012PLC230932 
 
August 21, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400 051  
Symbol: UNIECOM 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001  
Scrip Code: 544227 
 
Subject: Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call-Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Greetings from Unicommerce eSolutions Limited. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Q1 FY27 Results 
Conference Call held on Friday, 14th August, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) for the quarter ended 
on June 30, 2026.  
 
The same is available on the website of the Company at https://unicommerce.com/  
 
Please take the aforesaid document on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Unicommerce eSolutions Limited  
 
 
_________________ 
Anil Kumar 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. F8023  
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 14th August 2026 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAPIL MAKHIJA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 M R. ANURAG MITTAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
                                     STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS ADVISORS 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Unicommerce eSolutions Limited Q1 FY 
'27 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company 
as on the date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance of the 
company and may involve risks and uncertainties, which are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Kapil Makhija, Managing Director and CEO of Unicommerce eSolutions Limited. Thank you 
and over to you, Mr. Makhija. 
Kapil Makhija: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for the quarter 1 FY27 
Earnings call. I'm a little under the weather today, so please bear with me if I take a few pauses 
as I go through my remarks. I'm joined today by Anurag Mittal, our Chief Financial Officer, 
along with our Investor Relations Advisors, Strategic Growth Advisors.  
Before I get into the quarter, let me start with where we stand as a company today. Yesterday 
marked 2 years since our listing. In these 2 years, we have doubled both our revenue and adjusted 
EBITDA. Looking back further, we have grown the business 5x over the last 5 years, and our 
FY '26 adjusted EBITDA alone is now higher than our total revenue from 5 years ago.  
Our focus now is to build on this performance. As we enter the next phase of growth, we will 
continue to be guided by the 3 core principles that have shaped our journey so far. First is a tech-
first mindset. We lead through product innovation to create value for our clients. Today, that 
increasingly means embedding AI into our platforms so customers can receive more with lesser 
effort.  
Second, we invest with discipline. We take selective bets and assess investments based on the 
size of the opportunity, the value created for customers and their priority relative to other growth 
opportunities. For example, over the last 5 years, we invested in building our e-commerce WMS 
and omnichannel product suite, building these through incremental iteration. Both products now 
operate at a large scale.  
Third, we build patiently. Enterprise software requires sustained product development, customer 
feedback and validation as well as an evolving go-to-market approach through different stages 
of scale. Our modules or features often begin with focused use cases and become stronger over 
time as we add depth of features around workflows for different types and scale of customers. 
This allows us to serve a larger and more diverse set of clients. In a complex industry like e-
commerce, the product maturity cycle can extend over 18 to 24 months. These principles have 
shaped how we have built the business over the years, and they continue to guide how we 
allocate our resources today.  
As we enter FY '27, we do so with a broader product portfolio, a larger customer base and 
multiple growth opportunities across our platforms. Against this backdrop, let me turn to our 
performance in quarter 1 FY '27. We are pleased to begin the financial year with a strong first 
[page 4]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
quarter. Revenue grew 14.3% year-on-year to INR51.4 crores, supported by continued double-
digit growth across both Uniware and Shipway.  
To capture the opportunity ahead, we have consciously increased our investments during FY 
'27. These investments will be funded through a portion of the earnings we generate while we 
continuing to add cash to our balance sheet. Our investments for the year are focused on 3 areas. 
The first is AI-led product innovation. Product development has been a critical driver of our 
revenue growth in the past. We began by building Uniware to address complex operational 
workflows and went deep in developing a highly flexible platform that can cater to hundreds of 
workflow variations across clients.  
Today, our platforms are moving into the next phase of this evolution from being a system of 
record before AI existed to AI-led systems of intelligence in the first AI generation and now 
moving to proactive agentic systems that can guide actions. Our aim is to create value for clients 
and help them focus more on solving business problems and less on managing operational 
processes. 
The second area of investment is talent and capability addition. Over the last few quarters, we 
have selectively strengthened leadership across functions and added talent with AI capabilities. 
These investments will support faster execution, stronger customer relationships and more 
scalable systems and processes. The third area is go-to-market expansion.  
We are expanding sales capacity and investing in marketing initiatives to accelerate customer 
acquisition, improve onboarding and continue adoption of new products and modules. Let me 
now take you through the performance of our individual businesses. Uniware delivered another 
strong quarter with revenue growth of 12.8% year-on-year.  
This was the fourth consecutive quarter of improving growth and demonstrates the traction from 
the initiatives executed over the last year. The underlying performance was stronger than the 
reported figures, excluding the impact of a former top 10 customer that discontinued operations 
in quarter 3 FY '26, Uniware delivered year-on-year growth of more than 15%.  
As quarter 4 FY '27 will be the first full quarter of like-for-like comparison following this client 
exit, we are confident of delivering growth of over 15% from quarter 4 FY '27 onwards in 
Uniware. We also saw healthy customer acquisition momentum. During the quarter, we added 
115 enterprise customers, up 30.7% compared to 88 in the same quarter last year.  
These additions include both traditional enterprises and digital-first brands. Some of the marquee 
customers added during the quarter include Amul, Haldiram's, STUDDS, Pigeon, Mahindra 
Logistics and The Sleep Company in addition to Snoonu and Namshi in international markets. 
Our newer modules continue to see strong traction. 
40% to 45% of our Uniware enterprise customers are now using quick commerce and B2B 
modules. 6% to 7% have adopted UniReco within a year of launch and 3% to 4% have taken up 
UniCapture within 2 quarters of its launch. We are encouraged by the early response, particularly 
to UniCapture as video evidence is becoming increasingly important for claim management, 
while implementation requires limited incremental effort.  
[page 5]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
As is typical for B2B enterprise software, these products have longer maturity cycles, and we 
expect them to become stronger growth contributors over the next 18 to 24 months. Turning to 
Shipway. Revenue grew 16.8% year-on-year in the quarter. Our confidence in the opportunity 
continues to strengthen.  
We believe that accelerating growth at this stage can help Shipway build a larger and more 
scalable business over time. Accordingly, after operating the business near breakeven for part of 
FY '26, we have decided to increase investment in Shipway during FY '27. These investments 
will be directed primarily towards sales and marketing capacity, platform enhancement and 
deeper AI-first workflows. 
Shipway has continued to show 15% plus Y-o-Y growth over the last 2 quarters. This gives us 
the confidence that as the impact of some of these investments materialize, we would be able to 
drive 20% plus growth year-on-year by the end of the year, that is quarter 4 FY '27 onwards. 
ConvertWay continues to perform steadily as we enhance the product for a wider set of use cases 
and larger enterprise customers.  
We plan to invest this year to support our growth initiatives. Most of these investments will be 
front-loaded in H1 FY '27 with benefits expected to build through growth and operating 
leverage, leading to an improving profitability trajectory in H2 FY '27 and beyond. We have 
built a strong foundation over the past several years.  
Our focus now is to build on that foundation by expanding our market opportunity, broadening 
our platform and increasing the scale and profitability of the business. We are investing for the 
next phase of growth with a clear focus on creating a larger and more valuable Unicommerce 
over the years ahead.  
With that, I'll hand it over to Anurag, who will take you through more details. Thank you. 
Anurag Mittal: Thank you, Kapil. Good morning, everyone. I will now walk you through our financial 
performance for the quarter. We opened FY '27 with revenue of INR51.4 crores, up by 14.3% 
year-on-year from INR44.9 crores in quarter 1 FY '26. Our growth was supported by continued 
momentum across the platforms. 
Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was INR8.1 crores, 14.5% lower compared to INR9.5 crores 
in quarter 1 FY '26, primarily due to our planned growth investments. Profit after tax increased 
by 20.2% to INR4.7 crores compared with INR3.9 crores in the same quarter last year. The 
increase in PAT is due to tax benefits recognized during the quarter.  
As Kapil outlined, investments this year are intended to position us for the next phase of growth. 
Our experience with Uniware has shown how sustained investment in product, technology, team 
capabilities, sales and marketing can build larger and more profitable business over time. 
We are applying the same approach across our platforms with investments in 3 areas: one, AI-
led product development; two, talent capability building; and three, sales and marketing 
expansion. Uniware continues to scale well. Its stand-alone adjusted EBITDA increased from 
INR9.1 crores in quarter 1 FY '26 to INR11 crores in quarter 1 FY27 despite continued 
investment in the platform.  
[page 6]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
This reflects the operating leverage that will emerge as our platform grows, particularly for 
shipments. As most of these investments will be front-loaded in H1 FY '27 with benefits 
expected to build through growth and operating leverage, leading to an improved profitability 
trajectory in H2 FY '27 and beyond. Further, our capability to generate cash on a continued basis 
gives us the flexibility to fund these investments.  
Our cash and bank balances increased from INR53.8 crores at end of the quarter 1 FY '26 to 
INR92.6 crores at the end of quarter 1 FY '27 with the growth of 72.1% Y-o-Y. As we execute 
our plan, we will continue to be guided by the 3 principles that have kept us focused on the long-
term growth. We will stay technology first, invest with discipline and build patiently. With that, 
I would now like to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first question comes 
from the line of Ankit Kanodia with ZenNivesh. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kanodia: Thank you for taking my questions and congratulations on good set of numbers in terms of 
growth 
Moderator: I'm sorry to interrupt Ankit, you're not audible. Your voice is muffled. Could you please use 
your phone on the handset mode in case of it's handsfree? 
Ankit Kanodia: No, I'm using my phone only. Is it better now? 
Moderator; Yes, it's better. You may go ahead. 
Ankit Kanodia: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on good set of number. So my first 
question is related to the Shipway acquisition related amortization and synergy. Roughly, can 
you give us any timeline as to by when the synergies will start playing out in terms of margins 
and the amortization cost will be completely absorbed? Any idea on that? 
Kapil Makhija: Ankit, sorry, I couldn't understand the question. Could you please repeat that? What sort of 
synergies are you asking about? 
Ankit Kanodia: Where the kind of initiative which we are taking in terms of we are adding more team, we are 
adding -- we are going to -- we are expanding on our go-to-market strategy. We have acquired 
Shipway in the last year. And then there would be some we have integrated Shipway in our 
company, there would be some amortization related to that acquisition, which would still be 
hitting the P&L, if I'm not wrong? 
So I just wanted to understand from you how the -- from a financial perspective, when do you 
see these numbers helping us improve our EBITDA margins going forward? So right now, even 
though we are growing well, even though we are cash flow positive, our reported EBITDA is 
going down. So I'm asking especially from that perspective. I hope I could clarify the question? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes, Ankit, it's clear now. So as you mentioned that the adjusted EBITDA decline is largely 
because of thoughtful investments that we are doing in the business to be able to accelerate the 
growth. The results of these investments should be visible from H2 of this year itself because 
we are front-loading the investments in the first half of the year.  
[page 7]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
This should also translate into higher growth in the business. As we mentioned, Uniware, we are 
anticipating to grow at 15% plus from quarter 4 FY '27. And Shipway is operating at 15% plus 
growth today. We anticipate with the investments playing out and materializing, we anticipate 
Shipway to grow at 20% plus from quarter 4 FY '27.  
So we are hopeful that some of these investments that we are making will start demonstrating 
results in the second half of FY '27. And the growth improvement will start to be visible from 
quarter 4 of FY '27. You will definitely see an improvement in profitability from the second half 
-- in the second half of the financial year. 
Ankit Kanodia: Great. That was very helpful. My second and the last question is related to the Mahindra 
Logistics. If you can just throw some more color as to how we -- I mean what is our relationship 
with them in this space? And a broader view of how do you see the logistics space in India and 
do we see any more customer onboarding on any angle? I'm not asking from the point of view 
of giving me the logo, but in general, how do you see this logistics space for us as an area to tap 
into? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes. So the partnership of Mahindra Logistics is with Uniware business. They have onboarded 
the OMS and WMS. Typically, the logistics players offer e-commerce fulfilment, which is e-
commerce warehousing. As they offer e-commerce-related warehousing, they need an end-to-
end e-commerce stack, which is to do an OMS, which connects to multiple marketplaces, 
warehouse management system to manage inventory within the warehouse and other solutions 
like UniCapture for recording videos, reconciliation for doing payment reconciliation.  
So the partnership of logistics players with Uniware ecosystem is largely when they are offering 
e-commerce fulfilment to their brands. With Shipway, the relationship is more about partnership 
wherein they integrate deeply into the Shipway tech stack and we offer an end-to-end product 
suite as far as logistics management is concerned with Shipway. 
Ankit Kanodia: We are offering both Uniware and Shipway to Mahindra Logistics, right? 
Kapil Makhija: It's the Uniware, Mahindra Logistics partnership. Shipway largely deals with the logistics 
partners such as Blue Dart, Delhivery, etcetera, where they are offering last-mile delivery for 
brands. 
Ankit Kanodia: Okay. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Siva with ithought PMS. 
Siva: Firstly, on the EBITDA margin side, our adjusted EBITDA was around 15.8% for this quarter, 
and our EBITDA margin was 10.6%, meaning ESOPs were 5% of sales. So to put it the other 
way, ESOP used to be less than 5% of our total employee benefit expense, but now it is 12% to 
15% of that expense. And this has been the case for the past 4 quarters now. So when do we 
expect this to normalize? 
Anurag Mittal: So Siva, in fact, we grant ESOPs to the high-performing employees of the company based on 
our regular appraisal cycle what we have in the organization plus the management to whom we 
issue the ESOPs. The ESOPs we granted last year, that is the reason we could able to see the 
[page 8]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
expense in the P&L. In this quarter, we have seen near about INR2.5 crores of ESOP expense in 
this quarter.  
As per the amortization cycle of the ESOPs, we expect the ESOPs to get amortized over a period 
of 4 years from the date of grant. We granted these ESOPs sometime last year. So over the period 
of next year, the spend would be trending in the similar range of INR2.5 crores to INR4 crores 
per quarter. 
Siva: Understood, sir. And sir, with regards to Shipway sales, they've been stuck at around INR20 
crores for the past 4 to 5 quarters now. So why is this the case? Like when are we expecting this 
ramp up? And how soon can we turn EBITDA breakeven? 
Kapil Makhija: Siva, your first part was not very clear. Could you please repeat the question? 
Siva: Sir, I was just saying that on Shipway, our sales have been stuck at around INR20 crores for the 
past 4 to 5 quarters now. So I was asking why is this the case? And when are we expecting this 
to ramp up? 
Kapil Makhija: Sorry, still not clear, Siva. I could hear the INR20 crores figure. I'm not able to understand the 
context of the INR20 crores. 
Siva: Yes. So sir, I was asking for Shipway, we've been stuck at around INR20 crores revenue mark 
for the past 3 to 4 quarters now. So I was asking when can we see like a significant improvement 
from this INR20 crores revenue mark? 
Kapil Makhija: So like I mentioned that we are investing in the business. The business has grown 15% plus for 
the last two quarters. We've demonstrated that already. With the investments that we are making, 
we are anticipating that this growth will improve to 20% plus from quarter 4 FY '27. And 
progressively, you should see it improving the revenue trajectory as well. 
I think the second part of the question was when do we see it back to breakeven again. Like I 
mentioned, we are front-loading the investments in the first half of the year. Second half of the 
year, we should be able to see Shipway becoming breakeven. And the idea is to continue to grow 
the business at a breakeven mode where we'll continue to reinvest the profits whatever we are 
generating in the business, reinvest those profits back for growth. 
Siva: Understood, sir. That was clear. And one last question. So one of Shipway competitor is now 
getting listed next week. And I noticed that there were a few big clients coinciding with Uniware 
and them. So what do you think is the reason for those clients to prefer the other player over 
Shipway like what are we lacking? 
Kapil Makhija: I think the other players which is getting listed is a market leader. They have been in the 
ecosystem for a long time by virtue of them being the largest player in the aggregation space 
and Uniware being the largest player in the order orchestration, OMS, WMS space.  
It's natural that we'll have an overlap between the 2 organizations. Having said that, we see that 
as a large opportunity for us, and that's one of the reasons we acquired Shipway to be able to 
offer an end-to-end e-commerce enablement solution. And slowly and steadily, we will see more 
and more customers of Unicommerce being onboarded on Shipway. 
[page 9]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Like I mentioned, enterprise software have a long evolution cycle. The ecosystem also needs to 
be comfortable with a solution like being there, being used by a large scale other player is the 
market leader. So it's a natural choice today. But we are -- given the strong trajectory that we 
have demonstrated over the last few quarters and are hopeful of improving it further, you will 
see more and more overlap of large names across both Uniware and Shipway. 
Siva: Right, sir, right. And say, in our top 10 clients who are using Uniware, has anyone started using 
Shipway yet? 
Kapil Makhija: See, the Shipway service is relevant for brands which have meaningful presence on their website 
because the marketplace volumes do not require logistics to manage by themselves. It is taken 
care by the marketplaces itself. Top 10 customers of Unicommerce may or may not have a strong 
website presence because they could be a large player by just selling on marketplaces alone.  
Today, the overlap is, as we have mentioned before, as well as 10% plus. We continue to see an 
improvement in the number of customers of brands which are using Shipway -- number of brands 
of Unicommerce, which are using Shipway. As a base of both Unicommerce and Shipway is 
expanding, the relative share continues to be 10% plus. But in absolute terms, the number 
continues to increase. 
Siva: Sure, sir. I understood. Thank you for your answer. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Vivek Kumar with Bestpals Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Kumar: Sir, can you go deeper on Shipway growth, our  market share? And what kind of investments 
and why are you confident that the second half will return to growth? And if you can talk about 
the opportunity in Shipway? 
Kapil Makhija: Shipway, as we've mentioned multiple times before that Shipway operates in courier 
aggregation, which is a large market opportunity. As per our estimates, it's INR4,000 crores plus 
market, where we are a relatively early-stage player, single-digit market share today with a 
significant headroom for growth.  
And that's why last year, when we had acquired the business, the first year, we were focused on 
integrating the business well. And when we -- if you recall, when we had acquired the business, 
the business was loss-making. So we turned the business profitable. But after operating the 
business at a breakeven mode for a few quarters, we realized that there is a large opportunity 
ahead.  
And hence, we decided it will be prudent to invest in the business to be able to accelerate the 
growth and improve our share in the INR4,000 crores market. The investments, as we 
mentioned, are largely threefold. One is sales and marketing capacity addition. Second is tech 
and product development, largely making it enterprise grade. 
And third is addition of critical talent at senior and middle management level to be able to 
execute faster. We have demonstrated 15% plus growth already for 2 quarters. With these 
investments, we are hopeful that we'll be able to improve this further. We are also aware of the 
quantum of investments we are making, which gives us the confidence that we need it only for 
the first 6 months. So we are front-loading majority of those investments in H1 of FY '27. 
[page 10]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
And as these investments materialize, as the growth increases, we are confident that the business 
will again become breakeven. We are targeting to make Shipway breakeven in quarter 3 itself. 
And with the investments playing out, we are confident of delivering a 20% plus growth from 
quarter 4 FY '27 onwards. 
Vivek Kumar: Sir, and how should we think about market penetration in general, not just ours, but market 
penetration Uniware -- and how do you -- what is the probability that small businesses can white 
code this software because I do not know how to think about it, but please, if you can explain 
what is stopping small businesses from doing writing their own Uniware -- this softwares with 
Claude,  LLMs becoming advanced by the day. So -- and if you can talk about the market 
penetration, what levels of market penetration is Uniware software in general for the whole 
market? 
Kapil Makhija: Sure. So in our experience, AI typically disrupts shallow SaaS, which is generic or easy to 
replicate tools. But for a software like ours, which is a system of record and drives deep 
productivity improvements for brands, it actually strengthens. There are 3 moats that we have, 
which are difficult for anybody to come in and vibe code. First is that it's hard to replicate the 
relationships or automate the relationships. 
We have decade-plus relationships with the ecosystem players, marketplaces, logistics players, 
etcetera, for someone to come in and replicate those relationships is extremely hard. Switching 
cost for a brand is extremely high. It's today a backbone for any brand's e-commerce operations.  
For them to trust a vibe-coded software for something which is mission-critical for them is 
extremely hard. So a vibe-coded software can -- may work for a certain scale. But for an 
enterprise-grade offering that a brand needs, particularly in a complex e-commerce industry that 
a brand operates today where they have to deal with tens of marketplaces, logistics players, 
they're selling on quick commerce, B2B, general trade, margin trade.  
There are multiple sales touch points for them to be able to do this over and over again, and it's 
also not static. It keeps evolving on a regular basis. Newer use cases keep emerging in e-
commerce very frequently. So it's a very high maintenance cost as well even if someone were to 
vibe-code it. 
More importantly, as I mentioned, this is a mission-critical software so much so that many brands 
tell us that today, auditors ask for Unicommerce data to audit the books of a brand. That's the 
level of credibility that Unicommerce system carries for a white-coded software to carry that 
level of sophistication and credibility will take a long time.  
Having said that, we are also investing in AI. We are making the platform now AI first, wherein 
a lot of effort that the brands were earlier putting in running the operational processes, we're 
taking away that effort and helping them make better decisions and focus on growing the 
business rather than focusing on these mundane operational processes. 
Vivek Kumar: And the market penetration of Uniware in general, how do you think? 
Kapil Makhija: See, we are a market leader already by a huge margin. But we feel that e-commerce is still fairly 
underpenetrated. A large portion of the e-commerce growth or within e-commerce, the drop ship 
[page 11]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
model growth has started to happen post pandemic. So it's only been 5 years of this market 
growing.  
A lot of brands, early-stage brands still use Excel to manage their e-commerce operations. As 
some of these brands grow, as the complexity in their operations increase, they would want to 
use the software. And that's when we become a natural choice because we are a market leader. 
When they look around 7 out of 10 of their peers would be using Unicommerce, and that's when 
we become a natural choice.  
So while we are a market leader, but there is still a lot of headroom for growth, because more 
and more brands are looking to move from Excel to software, and this is evident in the quantum 
of the number of new clients that we are onboarding. We continue to see a healthy improvement 
in the number of clients. 
When we listed, we were acquiring 85 to 90 clients a quarter. This quarter, we added 115 
customers. Quarter 4, we added nearly 149 customers. So we continue to see an improvement in 
the customer addition. On top of that, for our growth, we have now added newer product modules 
such as UniCapture, UniReco. 
We have got 1,100-plus enterprise base today who will need these solutions to be able to further 
strengthen their management of e-commerce operations. As more and more of such enterprise 
brands take our new solutions, we will see even more growth coming in. So the growth levers 
for Uniware are threefold. One is obviously the market growth on which we have limited control. 
The other 2 are addition of new customers and upselling or cross-selling of our new modules to 
the existing enterprise base. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Sumeet Jain with CLSA. 
Sumeet Jain: So firstly, I wanted to understand, Kapil, like in terms of the competitive intensity on both 
Uniware and Shipway, how are you seeing particularly on the pricing side? Are you able to 
maintain your pricing or are you able to take it up? So can you give some color? I mean it's 
heartening to see that the Y-o-Y growth in your stand-alone entity has been improving for the 
last 4 quarters. So I wanted to understand, apart from the investment in the senior folks and then 
increase in enterprise customers, what are other reasons behind this improvement in growth? 
Kapil Makhija: Sumeet, I'll talk about the growth levers first. As we had mentioned last year as well, until last 
year, we were largely dependent on the market growth only, coupled with new customer 
additions that we were doing. And that's when we had realized to -- that we will need to build 
new products and modules because now we had a good set of enterprise customers to which we 
could upsell and cross-sell.  
Now some of that motion has started to play out, which is why we are seeing an improvement 
in our growth over the last few quarters. While the momentum of new customer acquisition 
continues to be healthy, as I just described in the earlier question that compared to when we were 
listed, we are now seeing anywhere between 30% to 50% improvement in the number of clients 
being acquired. 
[page 12]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
We are also seeing good attach rates of UniReco, UniCapture. UniReco is now at nearly 7% of 
attach rate. UniCapture is at nearly 3% to 4% of attach rate within 2 quarters of launch. And we 
are seeing positive momentum as we are building and enhancing these products further based 
on customer feedback.  
The gestation period is 18 to 24 months, as I described, and we've seen this in our omnichannel 
product launch as well as our WMS. It takes 18 to 24 months for a product to get to a certain 
level where it is fully mature and starts contributing meaningfully to the revenue growth. But 
with the early promising signs, that gives us the confidence that we'll continue to show 
improvement in the growth trajectory.  
We are already at a 15% plus growth in Uniware net of this top 10 client exit that happened 
because of their own business compulsions and there to stop being multichannel. So that's why 
that gives us the confidence that Uniware will demonstrate 15% plus growth from quarter 4 FY 
'27 onwards.  
On the competitive intensity, we continue to be a market leader on the Uniware side. We 
continue to be a premium player. So we continue to hold that position even now. The brands and 
the ecosystem values us for the stability and the scalability of the platform and that they know 
that they can trust this platform with the entire e-commerce operations.  
And as we are adding more product offerings into our portfolio, their trust on the platform is 
increasing even further, and they realize that working with Unicommerce gives them the peace 
of mind that they can have just one vendor, take care of everything as far as e-commerce is 
concerned, and they can focus on growing their business. 
Sumeet Jain: Got it. That's helpful. And secondly, can you also help us understand in this more than 15% 
growth what you are flagging by 4Q onwards, how should we look at your top 10 client revenue 
bucket? Because given the fact you said that there is a lot of cross-sell opportunity across your 
product base? 
So ideally one should expect that your top 10 client revenue should also go up. But is it -- or is 
it that the growth will be coming more from additional of new set of enterprise clients where I 
remember, I think there are -- there's a huge amount of enterprise clients yet to join in. So how 
should we look at it? 
Kapil Makhija: Sumeet top 10 is the -- while it is contributing meaningfully to the revenue, it's a very small 
number of customers, right, compared to the 1,100 customer base that we have. And top 10 
customers by virtue of their size, their growth is broadly reflective of the market growth. So 
while there are some upsell and cross-sell that's happening for the large customers as well, we 
are not only restricting it to the top 10 customers.  
We are doing it across the board. We see opportunities of UniReco, UniCapture and other 
offerings that are in the making being relevant across all our base. And hence, we will not restrict 
our cross-sell efforts to just the top 10 clients. The growth that you see of the top 10 clients, as I 
said, is largely effective of the market. 
[page 13]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Sumeet Jain: Got it. And lastly, given we are in an aggressive investment phase right now, I mean, what should 
be the steady-state EBIT margins one should assume for your stand-alone business and for 
Shipway? What are the targets you're having in mind maybe next 1 to 2 years out, given that 
you are still building these businesses in a way in a very early stage. So any thoughts you can 
share? 
Kapil Makhija: See, Uniware, even with investments, it  has grown from 32% to 35% from an adjusted EBITDA 
run rate perspective. And we've always maintained that Uniware as a business has a very strong 
operating leverage. So we'll continue to demonstrate that further.  
Last year, it had gone to the 40% adjusted EBITDA margin levels as well. So it should stay in 
similar ballpark as we continue to see improvement in profitability in the second half of the year. 
While on Shipway, as we have maintained even before that we want to continue growing the 
business for the next couple of years, at least we want to operate it at a breakeven level.  
We are investing in the business today for the next -- for the H1 of FY '27, we will see it operating 
below adjusted EBITDA breakeven. But in H2 from Q3 onwards, we want to operate it at 
breakeven, even if we make profits and we can make profits in Shipway as well. But the 
conscious call is to reinvest the profits back for growing the business. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Prince Choudhary with PINC Wealth. 
Prince Choudhary: I would like to understand more from the KPI metrics, like what were the NRR for this quarter? 
Like is it above 100% or below? And what is the visible trend for this full year? 
Kapil Makhija: So we publish NRR every year. I think it's slightly -- the data is less mature if you look at a 
quarterly level. We published it for last year, it was 100% plus net of that top 10 client exit. It 
has always been 100% plus over the last few years and continues to be. Given the product is 
extremely sticky, we rarely see brand moving out to different competitors for lack of features or 
anything. 
What we have largely seen is the biggest reasons of churn in our software, atleast on the Uniware 
side is when the brands are shutting down because e-commerce is a volatile industry or the use 
case of model is no longer relevant for them. So the NRR continues to be healthy for the business. 
It will be hard for us to tell the number right now, but it is -- for the last many years, has 
maintained 100% plus, and we're confident that it will maintain 100% plus even for this year as 
well. 
Prince Choudhary: But as you have mentioned, like since the economy or the e-commerce is a very volatile industry, 
so -- and many e-commerce companies get shut down in a short time span. So do we have to 
reduce ARPA what is the visible trend over here as well? 
Kapil Makhija: See, normally, we've seen the mortality being high for long-tail brands who have not hit a certain 
scale. After a brand hits a certain scale on e-commerce, typically, they tend to survive and grow 
the business. So -- and that's why while in terms of number of logos, you may see a higher churn 
because of the mortality of those brands.  
But in terms of the GRR and NRR, it does not impact the metrics because the brands that hit a 
certain scale tend to grow reasonably fast and which ensures that our NRR continues to be 100% 
[page 14]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
plus. Our ARPA continue has stayed broadly similar. We've always maintained that the average 
realization from Uniware enterprise customers is about INR1 lakh a month. It has continued to 
be in the similar ballpark. 
Prince Choudhary: Understood. And when we talk about the cross-selling opportunity in the Shipway for our 
existing clients. Can you talk about what is the current percentage and what will the exit rate by 
the Q4? 
Kapil Makhija: See, the -- I'm assuming you're asking about the overlap -- the overlap of Shipway in the 
Unicommerce ecosystem continues to be 10% plus, while we have maintained this 10% plus 
number for the last couple of quarters. The number may seem stagnant, but actually, the absolute 
overlap of clients between Shipway and Unicommerce continues to increase because the client 
base is increasing at both Uniware and Shipway.  
And Shipway, one of the growth levers for Shipway is the cross-selling piece, but there's a large 
portion -- a large market opportunity outside of Uniware base also for Shipway, likes of 
Instagram sellers, social media sellers or, let's say, brand focused just on their website, who may 
not need a Uniware system, but they will still need Shipway to be able to ship the goods to the 
end customer. And the idea for Shipway growth is to target after such communities, such 
emerging brands to make sure that we are able to lock them in early and continue a long-term 
partnership with them. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Pratik Banthia with Fermi325 Investment Advisers. 
Pratik Banthia: Congratulations on adding a strong set of new clients as well. I had 2 questions. The first part of 
the question was, can you quantify the additional investments that we are doing in the 3 areas 
on an annualized basis, if you could get an estimate of that? 
Kapil Makhija: Investments are largely in the area of sales and marketing, AI-led product development as well 
as some select talent capabilities. The investment in terms of absolute is in the range of a few 
crores and will continue for the current quarter, post which we anticipate some of these 
investments to start demonstrating results and show improvement in our growth percentage as 
well. 
Pratik Banthia: Okay. And the second question I had was, like you said, for smaller brands as their e-commerce 
operations become more complex, they tend to choose the market leader, which is Uniware in 
this case in the OMS and WMS system. So similarly, a similar trend could be seen in logistics 
management, right, in logistics aggregation. So what gives us the edge over the market leader in 
that segment that we would be able to capture these clients under Shipway? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes. So on the Uniware side, because we are the OMS, we are a very sticky software. OMS runs 
the backbone of the entire e-commerce operations of a brand by a very design. 100% of the e-
commerce volumes of a brand run on an OMS. They do. They can't use multiple OMS systems.  
But in courier aggregation, the good part is that the benefit of the challenger is that courier 
aggregator is not very sticky. The switching costs are fairly low. Also, by design, a brand prefers 
to work with multiple courier aggregators or multiple logistics partners to diversify their risk. 
That's the nature of the market. 
[page 15]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
So there is always a fight of share of wallet in that space. So given that we have a sticky OMS 
system already, which none of the other players in the courier aggregator industry has, gives us 
a unique advantage that we can actually cross-sell Shipway to our existing base. It will become 
a lot easier than for a competitor in courier aggregator to cross-sell any third-party OMS because 
the switching cost of an OMS is extremely high. 
Pratik Banthia: Okay. Got it. That’s it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Arvind Arora with A Square Capital. 
Arvind Arora: So my question is regarding the Opptra partners deal that we announced. So is it more like a 
strategic deal or it's like a normal routine deal? And also, are we like through this deal, we are 
venturing into data analytics service, something like this, if you can throw some light on that? 
Kapil Makhija: Okay. the deal with Opptra was essentially we have onboarded them as a customer to manage -
- they're using our software to manage the Southeast Asia and D2C operations of the brands that 
they are onboarding as a service provider. So it's very similar to many other customers that we 
onboard, just like we onboarded Amul, STUDDS, Mahindra Logistics in this quarter. We do 
provide dashboards and analytics on our software already. We are not venturing into providing 
analytics as a service in our ecosystem. We are an e-commerce enablement software. We'll 
continue to offer solutions and software as part of this offering. 
Arvind Arora: Okay. Understood. And Kapil, you mentioned in a couple of calls that Uniware is like a marriage 
for life, correct? And since the stickiness of the clients with us and the ample amount of cross-
selling opportunity we have. So why we are not aggressively in the -- like launching the product 
or so on that part, like because if you see the even capex that we are incurring like for growth, 
it's also like less than INR20 crores what I can see like from last 2 years. So why we are not 
going aggressively considering the TAM is so high and then we can cross-sell. And we do also 
have option to raise funds from the market now since we are listed? 
Kapil Makhija: I'm not sure I understood the question fully. You are saying that why isn't the growth faster than 
what it is today? 
Arvind Arora: I'm asking why we are not going aggressively to capture the market more and upto cross -- since 
we are seeing we have like a good stickiness of the clients with us, okay? And we have ample 
amount of cross-sell opportunity to them, okay? And there are certain sections where we are not 
there today, like the checkout things where like there we are not there. So why we are not going 
aggressively and launching our product that we are planning to launch in next, say, in 2 years, 
something like that. So why we are not aggressively implement those things now today? 
Kapil Makhija: Sure. See, as I described at the start of the call, it is our tenets of building the business is, one, 
that we invest with discipline. So we take selective bets and then we go deep in those. In terms 
of our pace of development, if you look at over the last  5, 7 years, we built 2 product modules, 
which is WMS and omnichannel. But over the last 12 to 18 months, we've already launched 3 
modules, which is UniCapture, UniReco, UniBot and continue to add even more offerings. 
So our pace of shipping has accelerated significantly. In the post AI era, we are able to ship a lot 
faster. We carefully evaluate different spaces, including, let's say, checkout that you have 
[page 16]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
mentioned. And at an opportune time, we would enter into those areas. The second tenet of 
building our business is to build efficiently. 
We want some of the current investments to fructify, start giving meaningful results. So -- and 
typically, every product development cycle has 18 to 24-month gestation period. And hence, we 
want to now see some of these investments play out. And as I mentioned, we are also front-
loading some of the investments and a few of those investments are into AI-led product 
development. So you will see some of launches coming in that area as well. 
We want to ensure that we continue to grow increasingly. So we -- if you look at the Uniware 
trajectory from single-digit growth, we have now demonstrated 2 quarters of double-digit 
growth. And we're talking about improving this growth further to 15%. Eventually, we want to 
move this to late teens, go beyond 20% plus as well. Similarly, Shipway also, we want to go on 
increasing growth trajectory. 
But as I said, one of the tenets of building the business we operate is to build with patience. So 
we want to do this progressively with calibrated investments rather than doing a lot of things 
together and not like taking up a lot of things together and not doing a good job of any of it. We 
value focus a lot.  
So we want to take 2 or 3 bets, do a good job of it as we have done over the last decade and 
continue building on that further. I'm personally a big believer of compounding. I feel growing 
steadily and consistently over a long period of time leads to compounding results for the 
company as well as the shareholders, and that's how we are building the business today. 
Arvind Arora: Understood. And the last one, is there any M&A opportunity that is under pipeline that is like 
materialized now and you can like -- is there anything which you can like to discuss? 
Kapil Makhija: Yes. So I was just completing that. In terms of newer product opportunities as, for example, 
checkout that you mentioned or any other area, we continue to evaluate inorganic opportunities. 
We continue to explore start-ups in respective areas, which could be adjacent to us.  
The 3 criteria that we look for inorganic are: one, it should make sense for existing customers. 
Two, it should be a good product, good team. Three, it should be available at the right valuation. 
And sorry, fourth, one more is that it should either be profitable or should have a path to 
profitability. So we have a few start-ups that we are actively evaluating, which meet these 
criteria, but they're still at an early stage. Once we have -- once we are able to advance in these 
discussions, we'll be happy to share it with the ecosystem. 
Arvind Arora: Okay. So where we are like in terms of stage, like it's under advanced stage or it's just evaluation 
things that is going on? 
Kapil Makhija: Right now, it's under  the exploratory stage. But whenever something materializes to or advances 
to an advanced stage, we'll be happy to share more details. 
Arvind Arora: Okay. Okay. Any plan to raise the fund? 
Kapil Makhija: We are adding cash to our balance sheet on a regular basis. Cash balances increased to INR92 
crores, 70% growth over last year. We will use -- we'll potentially use this cash for M&A, but 
[page 17]
  Unicommerce eSolutions Limited 
  August 14, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
we don't foresee the need of doing a fund raise because we are adding cash flows to our balance 
sheet on a regular basis. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we take that as the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing remarks. 
Kapil Makhija: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We hope we have been able to address your 
queries. Should you have any further queries or clarifications, please feel free to reach out to us 
or our Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you, and have a good 
day. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Unicommerce eSolutions Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
