SOUTH WEST PINNACLE EXPLORATION LIMITED — Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL
[Verbatim ASR transcript as supplied by operator 2026-07-22. Not corrected. Known ASR corruptions noted by orchestrator elsewhere; extract preserves the text as received.]

Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Southwest Panacle Exploration Limited Q1 FI27 earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be remain in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star then zero on your touchstone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now hand the conference over to Miss Purwangi Chan from Baloram Advisers for opening remarks. Thank you and over to you.

Thank you. Good evening everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jen from Baller Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Southwest Pinnacle Exploration Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's earnings call for the first quarter of the financial year 2027. Before we begin, a Precautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's earnings conference call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertaintities which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's cont conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review. Now let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings call. We have with us Mr. Vikas Jen, managing director and chairman and Mr. Pus Chen, joint managing director. Without any delay, I request Mr. P Chen to start with his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you sir.

Uh thank you Pwangi and good evening to everyone and a very warm welcome to all of you for joining our earnings conference call. It's a pleasure to connect with you all today and share how Southwestern Apple Exploration Limited has been progressing. As some of you may may be new to our company, I would like to begin with a brief overview about the company and then move to our financial performances for the first quarter of the financial year. Southeast Panacle is one of India's leading private acceleration and drilling service providers offering end-to-end integrated solutions across a broad spectrum of services including coal and non-coal mineral exploration, acryer mapping, coal methane exploration and production drilling, 2D and 3D seismic exploration, seismic exploration using passive seismic tomography, underground core drilling and coal business operations. Over the last 19 years, they have built a strong track record of operational excellence having successfully completed more than 165 projects across India and select international markets as well. We currently operate a fleet of 43 advanced drilling rigs supported by a team of experienced geoccientists and special specialized geohysical and logging equipment. We have successfully drilled over 3.3 million meters without a single lost time injury reflecting our unwavering commitment to safety, operation excellence and discipline execution. Our market client includes uh Reliance Industries, Vidanta, Oil India Limited, OMGC, CNPDI CGWP, Hindustan Copper, Hindustan Zinc Limited and Indalco among others. We are currently executing 20 ongoing projects across various regions in India. I would like to highlight some of the key operation developments during this this quarter. Our total order book has reached an all-time high of INR 761 crores providing strong revenue visibility for the coming quarters. During the quarter, we commence execution of our largest ever order valued at 7 crores received from Hindustan's bank zinc in the state of Rajasthan. We also secured an extension of our coal coal bag methane contract from Reliance Industries Limited valued at over I 60 166 crores further strengthening our long-term revenue visibility approximately 7 77% of our order book comprises private sector clients reflecting the continued improvement in the quality of our order mix and supporting better cash flows and working capital efficiency. To support our growing business requirements, we have placed orders for additional drilling gates and other equipment, further strengthening our execution capabilities. During the quarter, we were also empanled by Allia Limited for providing 2D and 3D seismic data acquisition services across all limited onshore blocks, opening up new opportunities in the seismic exploration segment, and further strengthening our presence in the all exploration space. With this, I would now request our chairman and managing director, Mr. Vicaran, to take you through the operational highlights for the period. Uh thank you F. Uh and good evening everyone. Let me first brief you on our financial performance for the quarter for the financial year 2027 followed by which I'll provide you some of the key operation highlights for this period under review as well. I'm pleased to share that Q1 F27 was one of our best ever quarter. The operating revenue for the first quarter was INR 62 crores. representing 54 increase 54% increase yearon year. The AITA stood at INR 15 crores an increase of 157% yearon year while the AITA margin was around 24.15%. The net profit after tax was INR 9.3 crores compared to INR 2.5 crores Q1 FI26 which is a remarkable 289% increase on a year-on-year basis. The strong financial performance for the quarter reflects our team consistent execution, operational discipline and continued focus on efficiency. Our diverse business mix has enabled us to optimize resources, drive profitability and maintain resilience across market cycles despite seasonal challenges. Our team ensured timely execution across all projects and maintain strong growth momentum. As many of you may know, we were awarded a coal block in Jakartan by the Ministry of Coal. I'm pleased to share that we have made significant progress on this project during the quarter. We have successfully completed the exploration activities and the definite geological report is currently under preparation for early submission subject to the necessary regulatory approval. We will commence mine development activities including preparation of the mining plan with the objective of commencing coal production by the financial year 2829. This project continues to be a key part of our long-term strategy of becoming a fully integrated exploration and mining company. On the international front, we continue to strengthen our presence in Oman through our strategic joint ventures. Our first jo venture with Allah resources limited continues to perform well. While our second joint venture, we have successfully completed the airborne survey across the awarded mining block and the geological report is currently under preparation. These developments further strengthen our international mining portfolio and reinforces our long-term growth strategy. We continue to make steady pro progress across both our domestic mining projects in Jakand and our international operations in Oman. These strategic initiatives remain integral to our long-term growth strategy and will further diversify our revenue streams over the coming years. With 20 projects currently under execution across eight states and an unwavering commitment to safe safety, we continue to maintain our excellent operational track record while enhancing our capabilities to capitalize on the growing opportunities in the exploration and the mining sector. Overall, backed by a record order book, healthy order inflows, strong execution momentum and a robust project pipeline, we remain confident in our growth outlook. Historically, the second half has been our strongest period owing to favorable weather conditions and higher project activity and we expect this trend to continue as in future as well. The exploration and mining sector in India continues to present significant opportunities driven By increasing investments in critical minerals, infrastructure development, energy security and mining reforms, we remain well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities through our diversified service offerings, strong execution capabilities and disciplined approach towards growth. During the quarter, the balance 75% consideration against warrant issued on preferential basis was also received resulting in their conversion into equity shares. and further strengthening our capital base. In addition, we are participating in the ongoing right issue of Allala Resources Limited Australia, reaffirming our long-term commitment to our international mining business. We remain focused on expanding our capabilities, maintaining execution excellence, and creating sustainable value for all our stakeholders. With this, I conclude my opening remarks. We now open the floor for the question and answer session.

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use their handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We take the first question from the line. of Raman KV from Sequent Investments. Please go ahead.

Hello sir, can you hear me? Yeah sir. Uh two things. Uh one of one is the order book. Uh we have 761 crores of other order book. Can you give the split between oil and gas orders versus metals like ferris non ferris gold order amongst in terms of percentage wise?

Yeah, I'll ask you to answer this question. So uh you know basically uh you know all these this order book is uh uh segregated amongst all the verticals. I mean uh in exact figure cannot be I mean uh given because the you know every time the situation is very dynamic for us but yeah I mean

I just want to understand in terms of like a rough estimate like a percentage wise how much will be from oil and gas and how much will be nonent gas like coal or ferrus. I would say oiling gas would be around 25% and the rest of it like so basically all the verticals I would say there ranging from 15 to 45 to 30%. I mean uh the there's there's core of exploration going on now there is one order which is which is you know high high value order there then CDM again reliance is a high value ordered order and the rest of it like you know seismic is there then there is a mapping so I would say that everything is ranging from you know from 15 to 25%.

Understood. And uh with respect to the execution time period of this 760, what's the execution time period you're talking about? Which which one? Reliance. The the order book, the entire order book.

So see uh so you know we have some longer orders, we have some we have some short-term orders. I mean there is there is a contract which will go on for four years. There is there are one or two contracts are basically for for the next two years. Then there are contracts which will be basically which are basically for 6 months. So we have varied uh you know contracts with us. I mean the good part is that that there are uh you know few long-term contracts with us that that gives us stability and you know and the other contracts that will keep on varying I mean by participation participating in you know few tenders upcoming tenders. So that will that will keep on switching from one to the other.

And uh on the Oman on the Oman JV front, you recently received a $125 million copper mining contract in a JV with uh with a Oman based company. I just want to understand uh you mentioned that uh the operation like the exploration for it has been started. So what will be the revenue contribution this year and how will revenue uh start improving? Uh what can we expect uh the revenue contribution uh improving in the coming years.

See Oman um we have two joint ventures. The first is a services uh joint venture whereby we along with uh an Australian company called Aar resources are providing mining services and drilling services contract to Omani companies. Okay. Uh so revenue has started coming in for last two years and uh uh so uh This year also uh since it's we own 35% of the total joint venture uh we don't follow a line by line revenue system uh we don't add it to our we don't add it to the books of sources clinical but uh yeah uh

because you have like I think 35% stake it will be added to your pack right

no it yeah it is just added uh uh in the profit and loss we don't add line by line revenue okay because we because we own 35%. But yeah, as you said, it's a $125 million million 10-year contract. Uh it is running well right now. And uh uh in the last quarter itself, uh the total profit from this joint venture was around 3 to 4 in which our share was 35%. So it is continuing well. In addition to the mining services contract, we have we are We also have four operating drilling rigs in Oman and uh we are booked for next 2 to 3 years as far as the drilling services is concerned. So both the services uh uh domain are doing well right now in Oman. The second joint venture we in in Oman we have is a mining services is an exploration block which we have which we own along with an Austrian company and Omani companies. So the exploration has already started. It's almost a year and a half since we acquired this block. uh uh it is going on well. The airborne survey has been completed and uh once uh that that has been done, we shall start uh ground geoysics and then we should start preparing the geological report of this block. It is spread across more than 1,400 square kilometer.

Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Smith Gala from RS PN ventures please go ahead. Yeah, thank you for the opportunity uh and congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question is on the Jarkan block. Uh we have planned around 200 crores of capex in phase one. Uh so just wanted to understand how this will be funded and what at what point in time these funds will be required uh say in FI 278 and 29 till the time we start production as we are projecting.

Yeah, as as uh we have been saying that you know in the first phase we shall be uh requiring around approximately 200 crores to start the project. Uh the current status of the project is that the exploration has been completed and we are in the process of uh we almost on the verge of uh finalizing the geological report which shall be approved by the MOC and then once that is done we shall start uh working on the mining plan which shall be subsequently approved by the MOC as well. So once the mining plan is approved then the process for environmental and forest clearance mining a from the state government uh and then it shall be obtained due course. So uh as far as the funding of the project is concerned most of the money from the first phase shall be either funded uh through internal through the profits which we have been generating and which we will we shall be generating in future as well uh through some uh debt from banks uh and also through some uh uh offtake agreements from uh local domestic buyers.

So can you give me a well split of the 200 crores because uh if we look at the cash flows of the company for uh FY 26 uh the cash flows were around uh not much. to serve the internal approvals. Uh as I can understand

yeah as I said it is going to be a mix of internal depth from the banks which banks are willing to support us uh and also through offer agreements. So this 200 crores which we're talking about also includes some non-fund based uh exposure. So uh that will all be funded by the banks.

Um okay. uh and uh once the production starts in this coal mine, do we have any revenue sharing agreement with the government or how will the revenue work post the production?

Yeah, actually this in this block we have a revenue sharing agreement with the government whereby we need to uh share 24.25% of the revenue with the government. Uh we intend to start this blog in financial year 2829.

Okay. Uh and how is the pipeline looking apart from we have a confirm orders order book which we have closed in the presentation. How is the pipeline looking uh for our business?

Yeah, it is looking great. In fact, all the domains are firing well right now. You talk about uh CBM, you talk about seismic, you talk about co drilling, mineral exploration, coal, non-coal, actua mapping from centis water board uh so all the all the things are of are doing well. We are receiving extensions of from the current contract whatever the contract permits uh as far as clients are concerned. There are new tenders coming in uh uh from uh new clients as well as the existing clients uh for the same work for repetitive orders. We are participating uh uh you know as as maximum as possible uh plus there are new opportunities in underground coal gasification uh in in the field of rare earth critical minerals. So in all uh uh currently this position phase book looks very well uh and it should go on for the next uh 3 to 5 years.

Uh any number which we have that our exit order book of FI27 will reach. See currently as you shed said that the current order book which we have is 761 K and it should go up and up you know there is no way it should go down from here. So at any given time we have a good visibility of uh 3 to 5 years uh uh for Southwest Pinnacle.

Um okay and we have delivered delivered a strong Q1 with over 50% revenue growth uh and we are guiding up around 20% keer of revenue over the medium term. So uh for FYI 27 uh do we have an upward guidance along with sustaining this margins at 24%.

See we should we should experience significant growth in seeing the Q1 numbers. We should experience significant uh growth in FY27 but our business is more cyclical if you understand uh you know mining and exploration business is quite cyclical. So uh uh normally the uh second phase of the year is normally the productive uh time of the year. So generally we have seen in the past that the H2 numbers are much better than the H1 numbers. But uh since we have started off well this year we expect the momentum to continue. and uh we should be able to achieve significant growth uh what we have projected for the financial year 27 as well.

Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sakit Kapoor from Kapoor and company. Please go ahead. Yeah. Namaskar Jans. Hope I'm audible. Namaskar. Yeah. Uh sir firstly in terms of the two uh large size order firstly from Hindustan ring to the tune of 307 cr and the other one I think so is the renewal from Reliance of 160 cr is quarter srivenue.

So basically Reliance is now being continued like for the last uh uh you know 2 and a half years. So that is going on and uh it is going to give us like uh the same uh you know quarterly result uh which has been going on for the last one and a half years in this town we've just kicked off like you know uh one and a half months back. So generally you know because it's a long-term contract so generally it takes time to uh you know to to gear up and uh you know reach the the the maximum uh operation efficiency. So maybe it takes around maybe it would take around 3 months and then onwards for the next three and a half four years it'll give us it'll keep on giving us uh you know revenue uh you know consistently. As far as reliance is concerned there's one more thing that there is there's provision for further extension of this contract. So right now the extension what we have got so so that is there and uh and there's another extension which which can be exercised by the client later on.

So just to simplify it sir so for on a revenue base uh of revenue from operation of 61.78 cr what was the contribution from Reliance first firstly and uh and from Hindustan And how is this Zendrustan Jing part going to add up on a quarterly basis?

See we cannot divulge uh this detail you know this is the confidential detail. So alliance I think so sir you you have given the numbers earlier also in the last call. So alliance can you say

so we can't we can't diverge this figures because you know uh uh so but yeah significant numbers come from uh uh these contracts which are larger in numbers because almost these two contracts almost cover about 60% of the total order book which we have. So you can say that 60% of the revenue are coming from these two contracts only.

Correct sir. And uh sir when you were talking about participation in the allara rights issue uh if you could just explain to us how are we looking at things things there and especially sir with the geopolitical setup how is Oman placed uh currently how are uh how are things being uh uh being there in the mobilization of resources and all since all these will be operating

Oman Oman is uh you know it is um outside the I won't say outside the state of Hormones but it is on the outskirt of the state of Hormuz so the shipments have affected but it has not affected that much that it's a matter of concern the mining services contract which we are running is going on well right now and u uh so the company as such the our principles in Oman they are doing well uh they're shipping well so it has not affected Oman uh uh you know as far as the Middle East tensions are concerned so we are in a pretty safe zone right now and as far as contribution to right issue of Allah resources is concerned it is the decision is quite strategic in nature for southwest pinnacle because uh in all our joint ventures in Oman Allah resources is our partner and and uh uh you know uh the mines where we are performing the uh mining services contract is also owned by LRA resources. So it's more of a strategic uh decision which we have taken uh is to participate in the direct equity part uh participation in the uh company based out of Australia which is the mother company of uh the companies in Oman. Okay. And what is the total amount in rupee term? How much are we investing?

See, in the first phase, we invested about uh uh 500,000 AUD uh so crit 2.8 2.8 crores. Uh so we can invest uh anywhere up to 1 million in the second phase in this right issue. So it all depends uh uh apart from the entitlement we have. have as an equity shareholder how much shortfall we can subscribe.

Okay sir and lastly on this all part is uh what would be then the money our stake in post the rights issue what are we contemplating currently and our uh numbers that it will go to and that is a listed entity sir in Australia all

that's a listed entity in Australia where I'm also the director in the company uh because of u uh the uh personal state U as member of the uh board in Allah we hold in addition to what we hold personally southwest pinnacle has also started participating uh in the equity so currently south pinnacle directly holds about 1.25% in all in Australia but through this uh opportunity uh southwest pinnacle has a chance to increase its holding in u in uh all resources Australia But in addition to what Southwest Pinnacle holds in Australia, Southwest Pinnacle also holds uh direct uh much larger equity in Oman in direct joint ventures.

Okay, sir. And can you give us uh the the net debt number uh as on uh the 30th June? What is our debt and when is our uh credit rating due sir?

Credit rating we have already uh announced in the market. So ISEL has increased our credit rating from uh triple B to triple B plus. So recently we have announced that in the market. So that's a good news. Uh as far as the in uh credit rating is concerned. Uh currently uh as far as the depth is concerned, I think Mr. Dhagal would be able to answer your question. U yeah it is it is around around 15 crores at the moment with a very good debt equity of less than 39.

Okay. And Lastly sir just to classify us as we have variety of segments where participating we we are an MDO uh in which have a uh uh presence across the across various geography. We can be classified under the MDO category also with with

no no we are we are basically exploration services provider. So MDO MDO is a different uh uh thing altogether. Uh MDO takes over the entire project and they start allotting different different work to different different contractors. So we are not MDO right now. We are in fact the owner of the mines. So we shall be in a position to appoint an MDO in future if we desire to subject to uh uh things in place. So uh to answer your question we are not MDO.

Okay sir. Right sir I I'll join the queue my for my followup and and there there are such players available in the in the drilling segments uh which have been languishing. Uh so we can look for M&A activity also uh going ahead just to improve the scales that is always all perpetrating to the coal drilling exercise since since gold India the largest explorer uh uh mine holder has given MDO the rights now to uh increase the output uh there are small smallme companies available which we can uh uh look forward for as an acquisition target. So I think so that that could provide you know we have we have already been approached by two MDOS and we have already started exploration for them. So these mines were allotted by the ministry to you know the the the bigger players and then they appointed MDOS's and now we are working with those MDOS's for exploration activities in their areas in the respective areas.

Exactly. And the for the cash approvals which we received from the JBs and all it is is also in the form of dividends. So for the last three Last year how much have have we accured through the JBs and the equity participation? What have been the uh amount received as difference that is the cash inflow for Southwest

from from the various JB sir whatever we are putting as a percentage of uh in consolidation that is the line item but the actual cash received is what the dividend that uh that that company or the JB is uh declaring for for their for their their set of entire company. So I would like to understand how much is the cash for us.

Yeah, that that amount we we always mention in the uh in the balance sheet the quarterly uh financials which we give. I think a can you please explain uh this uh can you please answer this?

Hello yes can you please answer this? How much is the profit from JB last year.

Uh it was it was somewhere uh uh it was somewhere 1.5 crores and but this this year the profits are much higher uh which is which is already reflected in the in the in the uh in the profitability above the taxation as such 1.32 crores to be precise in this quarter.

Yeah, this is what we are putting the share of profit. I am I am seeking the number of what is the cash received from from the entire exercise because this is what is going into consolidation but the cash amount will be the divation divation is consolidation stage repetration will gradually happen once the everything is stabilized there it is happening now it will happen very soon Okay. But that money yet finance contract 78 versus 62 number because monsoon onset and most of the clients they want to complete the work by the end of the financial year. So be balance Balance amount of balance weather. So Q1 you will see generally subdued as compared to Q4 and Q2 because yeah it depends It depends. I'm joining you sir answer. Hello. Yes sir. You were telling that so far so good. Okay sir and all the best to the team sir. Thank you.

Thank you. We take the next question from the line. of Sajil Raj from Zenflow Finance Private Limited. Please go ahead. Uh hello sir, I'm audible. Yeah. Uh yeah. So sir, I have two questions. Uh could you share your broader outlook on coal block allocations and exploration activities over the next three to four years? Given the government uh continued focus on commercial mining, how do you see the opportunity pipeline evolve for uh SWPD? It would be highly useful if you if you could uh quantify the opport facility with an indicative range such as the expected number of cold blocks, exploration tenders for market size over this period.

Already think we have already completed the exploration phase. We are working on the GR and subsequently we shall be working on mining plan. Uh sir Total I think around 200 blocks auction and coal block exploration coal block about approximately 500 mining blocks just critical mineral base metals fab as far as exploration services because it's a threat area for the government of India right now because this is the only way we can avoid dependence on imported uh uh imports which is draining our precious foreign exchange. Uh so we can see we can we we we've already started seeing the results. Uh the production the coal production has already touched 1 billion. In fact it has crossed 1 billion. Uh uh in last two to three years we have almost increased our production by 200 by 200 million tons approximately and by 2030 we are expecting almost a further growth of 30 to 40%. Uh coming from uh coal only coal uh plus other minerals as well uh can also contribute uh to uh the growing demand. So I hope I have been able to answer your question.

Uh yes uh sir uh uh second question uh in the last uh concole uh management highlighted underground coal gasification as a promising new opportunity and uh mention ongoing discussions with potential clients. Uh could you share where these discussion uh stand today? Are any projects nearing commercial execution or order conversion and should investors expect any uh meaningful contribution from UCG in the financial year 27?

So basically you know these uh blocks for underground coal gasification were recently allotted uh to two companies in India and that was also done under ministry of coal and uh So four blocks were awarded but but uh the the tenders are being floated by the client I mean uh you know potential clients and uh so obviously we are going to receive those tenders. We are in talks with them. We are in touch with them slow slowly and gradually you will see the exploration happening uh in India for underground course application. Uh thank you so much sir. All the best for the future.

Thank you. We take The next question from the line of Raman KV from Sequin Investments. Please go ahead. Hello sir, can you hear me? Yes, please go ahead. So yes uh on the coal front uh out of the current order book what what pro uh what percentage is coal order book and uh uh and so is with the revenue what percentage of our current revenue is from coal and what's your uh you know uh uh guidance of you know how much are you expecting the revenue from coal exploration to contribute to your overall uh business.

Raman G this is as we have been telling that you know the our industry is very dynamic uh so it is not easy for us to give you uh mineral by mineral uh allocation of work we have so you know at best we can tell that u uh almost out of uh all the contracts we have almost uh 70 to 75% belongs to the uh private sector and 25 to 30% comes from the government sector. So it is difficult for us to give exactly what is coming out of coal right now uh because it keeps on changing from time to time quarter to quarter but one thing to add on to this is that whether we are doing coal exploration or mineral exploration the resource the manpower they remains the same. So once the project is over it can go for maybe the machines can go for mineral exploration or or again for coal exploration. So because the situation is so dynamic and we we just need to focus on on our order book and make sure that all the resources are not idle and all the resources are you know working all the time.

Understood. Understood. Uh can you can you just give a ballpark figure with respect to the routine? uh resource utilization during the quarter. What was the utilization for the company?

Wasn't 100%. The reason is that uh we have outsourced uh some of our work to other contractors as well. So the resource utilization has been more than 100%. And we have hired a few rigs also I mean uh where our manpower is working. So and you know some of the resources are you know the pipeline we have we have raised purchase orders for some some you know for for a few more additional rigs and resources. Understood. Thanks sir. Thank you.

We take the next question from the line of Rahul from Ne Money. Please go ahead. Uh yes sir. Sir my question is regarding the uh order book. Sir in the investor presentation uh the amount of orders for CBM production was uh 2222 million. So I'm assuming This includes the 166 cr contract extension that we got and the 55 cr that was unexecuted from the phase one contract.

Oh no no no this is from the this is from the past contract extension work has not started yet. It should be starting this quarter.

Uh no sir I am asking for the amount that was mentioned in the investor PPD. So I'm assuming the phase one execution is also left.

No no it is it is in addition to what we have achieved uh the extension which we have achieved. It is from the same client but it is not from the extension part.

Okay. And uh sir there was also an oil India contract that you received in 2024 which was for 60 crores and the execution which was left for that order was around 20.

Currently it is currently under uh execution right now. Okay. So can we expect the revenue in the next quarter? Uh I think yeah I think the last the last phase is uh uh under execution so some part of it should come under revenue in this quarter also. Yes. Yes. Some some revenue will come in this quarter. Yeah. Okay. And uh if we don't receive also we are also talking to clients uh if there can be some extension. If we don't receive any extension there can be some thing coming from the all India also this this month this this quarter. Oh okay. And sir for the tenders that you were mentioning for the amplifier mapping has there been any progress in those contracts or tenders?

Yeah. Uh we have we have completed uh almost 65% of the work balance 35% will be completed after the monsoon.

Okay. Thank you so much sir. So last question sir can you give a guidance for the growth for this year? Are you expecting to beat your 20% guidance that you gave in the last poll?

Let's hope for the best means uh let's we have been conservative uh uh for past few years. So whatever we have told we've achieved more and hopefully this year also we'll try to do it. Uh but as we as we have been saying that our business is quite dynamic and quite cyclical. Uh so yeah but we are well well geared up to achieve a good growth. Uh supported by the good order book and the clients which we have. So if all goes well hopefully we'll be a able to keep up the momentum. Okay. Thank you sir. Thank you.

We take the next question from the line of Rishab Modi from AJ Agarval Family Office. Please go ahead. Um good evening sir. First of all congratulations on very good set of numbers and big orders from Hindustan Zinc. Uh my first question is what do you think was the key reason Hindustan ring chose South Pinnacle for such a large contract? Was it primarily a technical capabilities execution track record pricing or something like

we have been? Yeah. So we have been working for this group for last so many years now and seeing our capability and seeing our on ground execution. So we uh they've awarded this last contract to us and it's it has already started in this quarter and it should go on for next four years.

Okay. So was this a highly competitive bid uh or like what's the number of serious players that have participated in

private clients generally have a different mindset. So uh apart from uh taking quotation or apart from the competitive building they also see the execution capability of the company. So So generally you know uh uh they favor companies which can do uh better on the ground. Okay. Okay. Understood. Thanks.

Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sahir Hyderabad Duala from Grow Bis Fund. Please go ahead. Sah, if you could please unmute your line and proceed with your question. Since there is no response, we'll move on to the next participant. Participants, if you wish to ask questions, please press star and one. We take the next question from the line of Rahul from leave money. Please go ahead. Sir, for the Reliance contract, uh the previous guidance that you gave was for FY27, you were expecting the contract to contribute 35 to 40% of the revenue for the year. So, uh is it uh still in the same line or has the percentage changed?

Yeah, it's it should be on the same line plus - 5%. Okay sir. Thank you.

Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sep and individual investor. Please go ahead. through tender reverse auction L1 what is the method that we get our contract

see uh obviously uh it's a competitive market uh in some segment uh in some segment we are just one or two players in some segment we are the only player so the competition or the competing companies depend on where we are participating on what what is the scope of work is it CBM like in CBM what in CBM business CBM gold in CBM there are very few players in India right now uh who are providing CPM uh drilling services. We are one of them. Uh it's it's it's more to if it is coming from a private company, it is more to do with on execution. If it is coming from a government company like OMGC, you need to technically qualify first uh and then be an L1 bidder. So it all depends who who your customer is, what are they expecting, what are they what what what kind kind of uh scope of work you have on the ground.

So our business is 70% private as I believe. So that's a that's a that's a good thing that most of our clients right now are private clients and this figure should go up because government is also focusing on auctioning of uh oil and gas blocks, mineral blocks, coal, non-coal everything. So in future also we expect most of the contracts coming in from private companies.

That's good. And that is negotiated contract. There is no reverse auction or tender or something like that.

These they are like uh like any any other company they invite uh quotation from uh different companies who are eligible they they do the internal calculation as to technically they can qualify to execute this work on ground or not. But they have one thing in in the back of their mind which is the company which can actually go to the ground and do it.

Perfectly all right. So You mean to say the margins can be maintained, competition is there but manageable. Is that right to understand?

Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. And coming back to international business, uh there are two business the margin should be maintained because the entry barriers are quite high. Uh in this kind of a business, the cost of the cost of uh the capex cost is very high and it is it is difficult for a new to come and uh showcase their capability.

Understood. Understood. And coming back to international business, there are two businesses. One is Allara which has 11-year contract of 125 million. Right. So how much is the contribution of revenue and you know net cash that we expect in next 11 years? Any possible as I said earlier we are not holding uh we only holding 35%. Uh so we don't add we don't do line by line revenue. or we don't do the line by line accounting. So we only add the profit figure in the consolidated balance sheet. I don't want I understand what I want to understand is 11 years 125 million contract is that right? Yeah. So approximate approximate revenue or you know mining contract See net margin it should be around 5 to 7%. From the from the mining services from the drilling services which we have the profit of profit margin goes slightly higher. Perfectly all right. So businessman that would generate approximately over a period of time and 78% margin of which 37% is RCS. Is that right? Yes. Yes. Yes. Only from the mining drilling services that is exactly that is dynamic and that keeps on changing contract. So depending on the ground, depending on the client, depending on the mineral we are drilling in, profit can increase or decrease.

Now coming back to the last question is about AML. We have 17 and a half% stake and As I understand lot of lot of money will be spent on exploitation because you know the gold and copper mining you know exploitation will take lot of money. So if I see the money which is being made in the service business today here is something that you can utilize for that right but I I strongly feel that you will need a lot of money to you know put into that venture even if it is 17 and a half%. Number two jhand coal will also need a lot of money. So what the what is the approximate plan of you know making money from the business raising money from the market or date and putting into these two businesses which are optional.

See primarily our focus would be to uh fund these projects from our internals from the bank the debt uh and also the outsource the the off day contracts. Uh so that is our primary goal and I think we should be able to achieve that. Okay. And when are you expecting revenue from all these these two HML and Jan Cole?

Jan Cole on the expecting revenue in financial year 2829 we should start the production and HML and uh the uh Oman project we should be expecting around 2030 to 2030 and any ballpark figures that these two projects will uh need you to invest. See we will figure Total investment would be around 200 crores but it all depends on the results which we derive from the exploration. I understand because these two projects are too heavy for the size of our balance sheet and penal today please don't mind but you know we need to have clarity on you know how this will pan out because lot of money will be needed if you for these projects this these two projects so to understand uh and uh before taking any decisions we have done our own evaluating for this uh so before taking these decisions we have done our internal evaluation so we are hopeful of achieving that goal thank you thank you

thank you we take the next question from the line of Akshai Jawar an individual investor please go ahead uh yeah hi uh so uh I just want to understand that uh the so the I think the presentation makes a reference to commencing coal production in 2728 but uh if I understand correctly from the earlier one of the one of the answers to the earlier question we are expecting revenue only in 2829 uh that understanding would be right correct yeah okay and the other point was that do we have a higher do we have a debt ceiling that you're looking to maintain like in the sense a target debt equity which we will not be exceeding or currently currently our depth equity is quite low. It's 39 and uh the kind of profit we are expecting uh over the next 2 three years we shall we shall be and if we don't uh buy additional uh equipments we don't incur any capex we are getting towards being a debtree company okay all right uh irrespective of what the other uh expansion plans maybe for the cold blocks or even like not the new rigs part but if like for the planned expansion like for the cold blocks and everything including that the idea the idea is the idea is to prepare ourselves to take a plunge into uh uh cold block execution. So that is what we are preparing ourselves for. All right. And uh just uh is there any plan from uh the pro like further promoter dilution for any activities like uh there was some reduction pre-warrant conversion and uh but going forward is there anything planned like is there any promoter evalution that you all are planning on doing?

The promoters have currently acquired uh uh you know has recently they have converted uh some partly paid shares into fully paid shares uh right recently. So Abita as such uh uh we still thinking it all depends future. It's a uh thing which we cannot answer right now. All right. Okay. Uh thank you sir.

And thank you ladies and gentlemen. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the management from Southwest Panacle Exploration Limited for closing comment. Yeah. Uh thank you all for participating in this uh earnings phone call. I hope we were able to answer your questions satisfactory and at the same time offer insight into our business. If you have any further questions or would like to know more about the company, please reach out to our IR managers at Valorum Advisor. Thank you so much.

Thank you. On behalf of Southwest Panacle Exploration Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
