
=== PAGE 1 ===
 
 
 
To,                      August 29, 2025 
BSE Ltd. 
Corporate Services Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 524717  
Sub: Notice of the Thirty-Third (33rd) Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) and the Annual 
Report for the financial year 2024-25 of Titan Biotech Limited 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
Notice convening the Thirty-Third (33rd) Annual General Meeting (“Notice”) and the Annual 
Report of the Company, for the financial year 2024-25, are being sent through electronic mode to 
all the members whose e-mail address is registered with the Company / Company's Registrar and 
Transfer Agent / Depository Participants / Depositories. Notice and Annual Report are at tached 
and the same are also available on the Company’s website at: 
Notice of AGM https://titanbiotechltd.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/notice-of-
33rd-agm_titan-biotech-limited.pdf  
 
Annual Report for 
FY 2024-25 
https://titanbiotechltd.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/annual-report-
2024-25_titan-biotech-limited.pdf 
 
Further, pursuant to Regulation 36(1)(b) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requiremen ts) Regulations, 2015, a letter providing the web -link of 
the Annual Report, being sent to those members who have not registered their e -mail address, is 
also attached and available on the Company’s website at www.titanbiotechltd.com  
This is for information and records. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For Titan Biotech Limited 
           
                                     
Charanjit Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
M. No A12726 
Encl. as above 
=== PAGE 2 ===

=== PAGE 3 ===
1
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
REPORTING PERIOD
April 1, 2024 - March 31, 2025
ABOUT THE
REPORT
REPORTING SCOPE & BOUNDARY
This report showcases the performance of Titan
Biotech Limited.
REPORTING PERIOD
To ensure the accuracy and integrity of financial
disclosures, the financial statements have been audited
by M/s. ANSK & Associates, Chartered Accountants. The
Independent Auditor’s Report has been duly
incorporated as part of this Annual Report. 
FEEDBACK
We believe that transparency and accountability are
fundamental to building trust with our stakeholders. We
welcome your feedback and inquiries. Please feel free to
contact us at cs@titanbiotechltd.com.
This report has been prepared with the
intent to provide relevant and
transparent information to the
Company’s stakeholders
Our endeavour is to maintain the highest
standards of transparency,
accountability, and corporate
governance, while consistently delivering
value to all our stakeholders.
=== PAGE 4 ===
4
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Corporate Information
Managing Director’s words
Notice of AGM
Corporate Governance Report
Director’s Report 
 1
95
145
INSIDE
THE REPORT
Independent Auditor’s Report
Balance Sheet 
Profit & Loss Account 
Cash Flow Statement 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
Notes on Account 
Independent Auditor’s Report
Balance Sheet 
Profit & Loss Account 
Cash Flow Statement 
Statements of Changes in Equity
Notes on Account 
Continue reading for full operational highlights, financial
statements, and strategic updates.
For any Other Information please visit
www.titanbiotechltd.com
Statutory Reports
Standalone Financial
Statements
Consolidated Financial
Statements
=== PAGE 5 ===
3
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
 
 
 
 
 
CORPORATE INFORMATION 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                                         LEADERSHIP TEAM 
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla  -Managing Director 
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla      -Managing Director  
Mr. Raja Singla       -Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Shivom Singla   -Whole-Time Director  
Mr. Udit Singla   - Whole-Time Director  
Mrs. Manju Singla   -Director 
Ms. Supriya Singla   -Director 
Mr. Rohit Jain   -Independent Director & Chairman  
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal  -Independent Director 
Mr. Dhairya Madan   -Independent Director 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh  -Independent Director 
 Mr. Debendra Kumar Sabat  -Additional Independent Director* 
*Appointed as an additional independent director w.e.f 13th August, 2025 
AUDITORS 
M/s. A N S K & Associates, Chartered Accountants - Statutory Auditor 
M/s. Sanjay Kumar Garg & Associates, Cost Accountants - Cost 
Auditor 
M/s. PGM & Associates, Chartered Accountants - Internal Auditor 
Mr. Amit Anand, Practicing Company Secretary - Secretarial Auditor 
 
Mr. Charanjit Singh - Company Secretary &   
Compliance Officer/Nodal Officer 
Mr. Prem Shankar Gupta - Chief Financial  
Officer 
Mr. Bichitra Barik - DGM Export 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BANKERS 
Industrial Credit and Investment  
Corporation of India (ICICI) Bank 
 
Housing Development Finance  
Corporation(HDFC) Bank 
FACTORY/PLANT LOCATIONS 
REGISTERED OFFICE Plant I- A-902 A, RIICO. Industrial Area, 
A-902 A, RIICO. Industrial Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi 
301019, Rajasthan 
 
CORPORATE OFFICE 
903-909, 9TH Floor, Bigjos Tower, Netaji Subhash 
Place, New Delhi-110034 
 
OTHER THAN REGD. OFFICE 
304-305, Lusa Tower, Azadpur Commercial 
Complex, Delhi, India, 110033 
 
REGISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER AGENT (RTA) 
Beetal Financial & Computer Services Private Limited 
Beetal House, 3rd Floor, 99, Madangir, behind LSC, Near Dada 
Harsukhdas Mandir, New Delhi 110062. 
Phone No.: 011-29961281-83 E-mail: beetalrta@gmail.com 
Phase-III, Bhiwadi 301019, Rajasthan 
 
Plant II - E 539-540 RIICO. Industrial Area, 
Chopanki, Bhiwadi 301019, Rajasthan 
 
Plant III - F 689-690 RIICO. Industrial Area, 
Chopanki, Bhiwadi 301019, Rajasthan 
 
OTHER INFORMATION 
Website - www.titanbiotechltd.com 
Phone - 011-27355742 
CIN - L74999RJ1992PLC01338 
ISIN - INE150C01011 
Scrip Code – 524717 
 
Dear Shareholders,
It is with great pride and optimism that I present to you the Annual
Report for Titan Biotech Limited for the financial year ending March
31, 2025.
FY 2024–25 was a year of both resilience and growth for Titan Biotech.
Amidst global economic fluctuations, our commitment to innovation,
quality, and customer-centricity has enabled us to remain strong and
expand our presence across global markets. We recorded significant
strides in operational efficiency, product development, and sustainable
growth, underpinned by a robust demand for our biotechnology and
nutraceutical offerings.
As one of India’s leading producers of biological products, we continued
to strengthen our capabilities in fermentation, protein hydrolysates,
culture media ingredients, and plant-based extracts. We also took
important steps toward expanding our presence in high-growth
international markets, backed by our trusted quality standards and
strong R&D base.
Our focus on sustainability and ESG principles remains unwavering.
During the year, we made meaningful progress in reducing our
environmental footprint, enhancing employee well-being, and
reinforcing ethical governance at all levels.
The Board and I believe that the future of biotechnology lies in
collaborative innovation. Accordingly, we continue to invest in research
partnerships, digital transformation, and talent development—creating
long-term value for all our stakeholders.
I extend my deepest gratitude to our employees, customers, partners,
and shareholders for your continued trust and support. Together, we
are well positioned to seize the opportunities that lie ahead and to build
a future that is healthier, more sustainable, and more inclusive.
Let us move forward with the same spirit of integrity, innovation, and
excellence that defines Titan Biotech.
Naresh Kumar Singla
(MANAGING DIRECTOR)
From the desk of
MANAGING DIRECTOR
=== PAGE 6 ===
2
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Dear Shareholders,
It is with great pride and optimism that I present to you the Annual
Report for Titan Biotech Limited for the financial year ending March
31, 2025.
FY 2024–25 was a year of both resilience and growth for Titan Biotech.
Amidst global economic fluctuations, our commitment to innovation,
quality, and customer-centricity has enabled us to remain strong and
expand our presence across global markets. We recorded significant
strides in operational efficiency, product development, and sustainable
growth, underpinned by a robust demand for our biotechnology and
nutraceutical offerings.
As one of India’s leading producers of biological products, we continued
to strengthen our capabilities in fermentation, protein hydrolysates,
culture media ingredients, and plant-based extracts. We also took
important steps toward expanding our presence in high-growth
international markets, backed by our trusted quality standards and
strong R&D base.
Our focus on sustainability and ESG principles remains unwavering.
During the year, we made meaningful progress in reducing our
environmental footprint, enhancing employee well-being, and
reinforcing ethical governance at all levels.
The Board and I believe that the future of biotechnology lies in
collaborative innovation. Accordingly, we continue to invest in research
partnerships, digital transformation, and talent development—creating
long-term value for all our stakeholders.
I extend my deepest gratitude to our employees, customers, partners,
and shareholders for your continued trust and support. Together, we
are well positioned to seize the opportunities that lie ahead and to build
a future that is healthier, more sustainable, and more inclusive.
Let us move forward with the same spirit of integrity, innovation, and
excellence that defines Titan Biotech.
Naresh Kumar Singla
(MANAGING DIRECTOR)
From the desk of
MANAGING DIRECTOR
=== PAGE 7 ===
1
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
NOTICE
Notice is hereby given that Thirty-third  (33rd) Annual General Meeting of the members of Titan Biotech Limited will 
be held on Friday, 26th September, 2025 at 03:00 P.M. through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio Visual Means 
(“OA VM”) to transact the following businesses.
The proceedings of the Thirty-third (33rd) Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) shall be deemed to be conducted at the 
Registered Office of the Company at A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi - 301019, Rajasthan, which shall 
be the deemed venue of the AGM.  
OrdinAry Business
1. TO reCeiVe, COnsider And AdOPT THe AudiTed FinAnCiAL sTATeMenTs (sTAndALOne And 
COnsOLidATed) FOr THe FinAnCiAL yeAr ended On 31sT MArCH, 2025 And THe rePOrT OF 
THe AudiTOrs And direCTOrs THereOn.
  To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
  “resOLVed THAT the Audited Financial Statements i.e. Standalone and Consolidated Balance Sheet of the Company 
as at 31st March, 2025 and Standalone and Consolidated Profit and Loss Account of the Company for the year ended 
as on the said date together with the Schedules, Notes on Accounts and Cash Flow Statement (‘Annual Financial 
Statement’) and the report of Auditors and Directors including annexures thereon be and are hereby considered, 
approved and adopted.”
2. TO deCLAre diVidend On eQuiTy sHAres OF THe COMPAny.
  To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
  “resOLVed THAT final dividend of Rs. 2 (Rupees Two) per equity share of the face value of Rs. 10 each for the year 
ended 31st March, 2025 on 82,63,700 Equity Shares of the Company aggregating Rs. 165.274 lakh as recommended 
by the Board of Directors be declared and that the said Dividend be distributed out of the Profits for the year ended on 
31st March, 2025."  
 3. re-APPOinTMenT OF Mrs. MAnJu sinGLA (din. 00027790), As A direCTOr LiABLe TO reTire 
By rOTATiOn
  To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
  “resOLVed THAT Mrs. Manju Singla (DIN. 00027790), who retires by rotation and being eligible for re-appointment, 
be and is hereby re-appointed as a Director of the Company.” 
4. re-APPOinTMenT OF Mr. rAJA sinGLA (din. 03523719), As A direCTOr LiABLe TO reTire By  
rOTATiOn
  To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
  “resOLVed THAT Mr. Raja Singla (DIN. 03523719), who retires by rotation and being eligible for re- appointment, 
be and is hereby re-appointed as a Director of the Company.” 
5. re-APPOinTMenT OF Mr. udiT sinGLA (din. 03526575), As A direCTOr LiABLe TO reTire By  
rOTATiOn
  To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
  “resOLVed THAT Mr. Udit Singla (DIN. 03526575), who retires by rotation and being eligible for re-appointment, 
be and is hereby re-appointed as a Director of the Company.” 
sPeCiAL Business
6. APPOinTMenT OF Mr. AMiT AnAnd, PrACTisinG COMPAny  seCreTAry As seCreTAriAL 
AudiTOr OF THe COMPAny
  To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
  “resOLVed THAT pursuant to Section 204 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, 
Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 24A 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 8 ===
2
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
(“SEBI Listing Regulations”) (including any statutory modification(s), re-enactment thereof for time being in force) 
and circulars issued thereunder from time to time, and based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee and the 
Board of Directors, Mr. Amit Anand, Practising Company Secretary, Certificate of Practice No. 17101 be and is hereby 
appointed as Secretarial Auditor of the Company for term of five consecutive years commencing from financial year 
2025-26 till financial year 2029-30, at such fees, plus applicable taxes and other out-of-pocket expenses as may be 
mutually agreed upon between the Board of Directors of the Company and the Secretarial Auditor.”
7.  AuTHOriZATiOn FOr LOAns eTC
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as Special Resolution:
  “resOLVed THAT in pursuance of Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act), read with the Companies 
(Meetings of the Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act and rules made 
there-under, as amended or re-stated from time to time, the consent of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the 
Board of Directors of the Company(hereinafter referred to as ‘the Board’, which term shall be deemed to include any 
committee thereof) to give loan(s) in one or more tranches including loan represented by way of book debt (the “Loan”) 
to, and/or giving of guarantee(s), and/or providing of security(ies) in connection with any Loan taken/to be taken by 
any entity which is a Subsidiary or Associate or Joint Venture or group entity of the Company or any other person in 
which any of the Directors of the Company is deemed to be interested as specified in the explanation to sub-section 2 
of section 185 of the Act (collectively referred to as the “Entities”), of an aggregate amount upto Rs. 12 Crores, in its 
absolute discretion deem beneficial and in the best interest of the Company."
8. rATiFiCATiOn OF reMunerATiOn TO COsT AudiTOrs FOr FinAnCiAL yeAr 2025- 2026
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an Ordinary 
Resolution:
  “resOLVed THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 14 
of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
remuneration of Rs. 60,000/-(Rupees Sixty Thousand Only) excluding applicable Tax  fixed for payment in connection 
with the cost audit by M/s Sanjay Kumar Garg & Associates, Cost Accountants, (Firm Registration No. 100292), who 
were appointed by the Board of Directors on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, as Cost Auditors of the 
Company to conduct the audit of the cost records of the Company for the financial year ending 31st March, 2026, be 
and is hereby ratified.
  resOLVed FurTHer THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to do all acts and take all such steps as may be 
necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
9. reAPPOinTMenT OF Mr. nAresH KuMAr sinGLA (din nO. 00027448) As MAnAGinG direCTOr
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s) the following resolution as Special Resolution:
  “resOLVed THAT in pursuance of Sections 196, 197, 198 and other applicable provisions including Section I of 
Part II of Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act), as amended or re-stated from time to time, read with the 
Articles of Association of the Company, on the basis of recommendation of Nomination & Remuneration Committee and 
approval of Board of Directors of Company, the consent of Company be and is hereby  accorded to the re-appointment 
of Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla (DIN: 00027448) as Managing Director of the Company for a further term of Five years 
beginning from 1st April, 2026 to 31st March, 2031, not liable to retire by rotation, on such remuneration and other 
terms and conditions as are detailed below, subject however to the condition that whenever in respect of a particular 
year the proposed remuneration is not in conformity with the aforesaid provisions, as applicable at the relevant time, the 
remuneration in respect of that financial year shall be restricted to the maximum payable under the said provisions:
  a. Salary: Rs. 800,000/- per month, other benefits, perquisites and allowances as mentioned herein below w.e.f. 1st 
October, 2025 subject to increase on the basis of recommendation of Nomination & Remuneration Committee, 
but upto a maximum of  Rs. 20,00,000/- per month and perquisites upto 31st March, 2031. 
  b. Other Benefits, Perquisites and allowances: -
   i) Gratuity paid or payable in accordance with the Gratuity Act.
   ii) Insurance for health, accident, officer’s liability etc. by company
   iii) Contribution towards National Pension Scheme by Company
   iv) Bonus paid or payable as per rules of the company and applicable laws.
=== PAGE 9 ===
3
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
   v) Leave Encashment in accordance with rules of company.
  resOLVed FurTHer THAT the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors of the 
Company, authorized to vary, alter and change the terms and conditions of the aforesaid re-appointment including the 
remuneration to be paid to him as Managing Director of the Company, which shall be well within the permissible limit 
and accordance with the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013;
  resOLVed FurTHer THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things as may 
be required, considered necessary or incidental thereto, and to settle any question(s), difficulty(ies) or matter(s) that 
may arise in interpretation, implementation or execution of the intent of the aforesaid resolution and to seek and obtain 
requisite consents and/or approvals including approval of the Central Government, as the Board of Directors may deem 
fit and appropriate to give effect to the above Resolutions.”
10. reAPPOinTMenT OF Mr. suresH CHAnd sinGLA (din nO. 00027706) As MAnAGinG direCTOr 
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s) the following resolution as Special Resolution:
  “resOLVed THAT in pursuance of Sections 196, 197, 198, 203 and other applicable provisions including Section I 
of Part II of Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act), as amended or re-stated from time to time, read with the 
Articles of Association of the Company, on the basis of recommendation of Nomination & Remuneration Committee 
and approval of Board of Director of Company, the consent of Company be and is hereby  accorded the re-appointment 
of Mr. Suresh Chand Singla (DIN: 00027706) as Managing Director of the Company for a further term of Five years 
beginning from 1st April, 2026 to 31st March, 2031, not liable to retire by rotation, on such remuneration and other 
terms and conditions as are detailed below, subject however to the condition that whenever in respect of a particular 
year the proposed remuneration is not in conformity with the aforesaid provisions, as applicable at the relevant time, the 
remuneration in respect of that financial year shall be restricted to the maximum payable under the said provisions:
  a.  Salary: Rs. 800,000/- per month, other benefits, perquisites and allowances as mentioned herein below w.e.f. 1
st 
October, 2025 subject to increase on the basis of recommendation of Nomination & Remuneration Committee, 
but upto a maximum of Rs. 20,00,000/- per month and perquisites upto 31st March, 2031.
  b.  Other Benefits, Perquisites and allowances: -
   i)  Gratuity paid or payable in accordance with the Gratuity Act.  
   ii)  Insurance for health, accident, officer’s liability etc. by company 
   iii)  Contribution towards National Pension Scheme by Company
   iv)  Bonus paid or payable as per rules of the company and applicable laws.
   v)  Leave Encashment in accordance with rules of company.  
  resOLVed FurTHer THAT the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors of the 
Company, authorized to vary, alter and change the terms and conditions of the aforesaid re-appointment including the 
remuneration to be paid to him as Managing Director of the Company, which shall be well within the permissible limit 
and accordance with the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013;
  resOLVed FurTHer THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things as may 
be required, considered necessary or incidental thereto, and to settle any question(s), difficulty(ies) or matter(s) that 
may arise in interpretation, implementation or execution of the intent of the aforesaid resolution and to seek and obtain 
requisite consents and/or approvals including approval of the Central Government, as the Board of Directors may deem 
fit and appropriate to give effect to the above.”
11. MOrTGAGe OF PrOPer Ty OF COMPAny  FOr BOrrOWinG Funds And PerMissiOn under 
seCTiOn 180 (1) (A) OF COMPAnies ACT, 2013
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as Special Resolution:
  “resOLVed THAT pursuant to Section 180 (1) (a) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013, consent of the members of the company be and is hereby given to the board of directors of the company to 
create such charges, mortgages, Pledge and hypothecations in addition to the existing charges, mortgages, Pledge 
and hypothecations created by the Company, on all or any of the moveable and / or immovable properties, tangible 
or intangible assets of the Company, both present and future and / or the whole or any part of the undertaking(s) 
of the Company in certain events, as the case may be in favour of the Lender(s)/banks/financial institutions, other 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 10 ===
4
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
investing agencies and trustees for the holders of other instruments to secure rupee/foreign currency loans (hereinafter 
collectively referred to as “Loans”) provided that the total amount of Loans together with interest thereon, additional 
interest, compound interest, liquidated damages, commitment charges, on pre-payment or on redemption, costs, charges, 
expenses and all other monies payable by the Company in respect of the said Loans, shall not, at any time exceed Rs.25 
crores (Rupees Twenty Five Crores Only) or the aggregate of the paid up capital and free reserves of the Company, that 
is to say, reserves not set apart for any specific purpose at the relevant time, whichever is higher.
  resOLVed FurTHer THAT the securities to be created by the Company as aforesaid may rank prior / pari passu / 
subservient with / to the mortgages and /or charges already created or to be created in future by the Company or in such 
other manner and ranking as may be thought expedient by the Board and as may be agreed to between the concerned 
parties.
  resOLVed FurTHer THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to take all steps for giving effect to the 
aforesaid resolution, including filing of the necessary forms with the Registrar of Companies, Rajasthan and do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things as may be required to be done to give effect to the above resolution and to settle any 
question or difficulty that may arise with regard to the aforesaid purpose and which it may deem fit in the interest of the 
Company.” 
12. inCreAse in reMunerATiOn OF Mr. sHiVOM sinGLA, WHOLe TiMe direCTOr (din 03615519) 
OF THe COMPAny  
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as Special Resolution:
  “resOLVed THAT in pursuance of Sections 152, 196, 197, 198, 203 and other applicable provisions read with 
the Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act), as amended or re-stated from time to time, read with the 
Articles of Association of the Company, and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations) and based on  recommendation of the Nomination 
& Remuneration Committee and approval of Board of Director of Company, the consent of members be and is hereby 
accorded to increase the remuneration of Mr. Shivom Singla (DIN: 03615519), Whole Time Director of the Company, 
from Rs. 10,00,000/-(Rupees Ten Lakh Only)  per month to Rs. 13,50,000/-(Rupees Thirteen Lakh Fifty Thousand 
Only) per month plus other benefits and allowances as detailed in the explanatory statement with effect  from 1st 
October, 2025 with overall ceiling of Rs. 20,00,000/-(Rupees Twenty Lakh Only)  per month and he shall be liable to 
retire by rotation, on such terms and remuneration as set out in the Statement under Section 102 of the Act annexed 
hereto which shall be deemed to form part hereof, which in any financial year may exceed the limits specified in Section 
197 and Schedule V of the Act and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations); 
  resOLVed FurTHer THAT where in any financial year during the currency of his tenure, in the event of 
inadequacy or absence of profits under Section 197 and all other applicable provisions of the Act in any financial year 
or years during the term of appointment, the remuneration, as approved herein be paid as minimum remuneration to the 
said Whole-Time Director for a period or periods not exceeding five years in the aggregate and the approval accorded 
herein shall also be deemed to be the approval by way of special resolution as contemplated under Section 197 read with 
Schedule V of the Act and/or Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations, as may be applicable; 
  resOLVed FurTHer THAT the Board of Directors of the Company or a Committee thereof be and is hereby 
authorized to vary and/ or revise the remuneration of the said Whole Time Director within the overall limits approved 
herein and to settle any question or difficulties in connection therewith or incidental thereto; 
  resOLVed FurTHer THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things as may 
be required, considered necessary or incidental thereto, and to settle any question(s), difficulty(ies) or matter(s) that 
may arise in interpretation, implementation or execution of the intent of the aforesaid resolution and to seek and obtain 
requisite consents and/or approvals including approval of the Board of Directors may deem fit and appropriate to give 
effect to the above.”
13. inCreAse in reMunerATiOn OF Mr. udiT sinGLA, WHOLe TiMe direCTOr (din nO. 03526575) 
OF THe COMPAny   
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as Special Resolution:
  “resOLVed THAT in pursuance of Sections 152, 196, 197, 198, 203 and other applicable provisions read with 
of Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act), as amended or re-stated from time to time, read with the 
Articles of Association of the Company, and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations) on the basis of recommendation of Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee and approval of Board of Director of Company, the consent of members be and is hereby 
=== PAGE 11 ===
5
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
accorded to increase the remuneration of Mr. Udit Singla (DIN: 03526275), Whole Time Director of the Company, 
from Rs. 10,00,000/-(Rupee Ten Lakh Only)  per month to Rs. 13,50,000/-(Rupees Thirteen Lakh Fifty Thousand Only) 
per month plus other benefits and allowances as detailed in the explanatory statement with effect  from 1st October, 
2025 with overall ceiling of Rs. 20,00,000/-(Rupees Twenty Lakh Only)  per month and he shall be liable to retire 
by rotation, on such terms and remuneration as set out in the Statement under Section 102 of the Act annexed hereto 
which shall be deemed to form part hereof, which in any financial year may exceed the limits specified in Section 
197 and Schedule V of the Act and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations); 
  resOLVed FurTHer THAT where in any financial year during the currency of his tenure, in the event of 
inadequacy or absence of profits under Section 197 and all other applicable provisions of the Act in any financial year 
or years during the term of appointment, the remuneration, as approved herein be paid as minimum remuneration to the 
said Whole-Time Director for a period or periods not exceeding Five years in the aggregate and the approval accorded 
herein shall also be deemed to be the approval by way of special resolution as contemplated under Section 197 read with 
Schedule V of the Act and/or Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations, as may be applicable; 
  resOLVed FurTHer THAT the Board of Directors of the Company or a Committee thereof be and is hereby 
authorized to vary and/ or revise the remuneration of the said Whole Time Director within the overall limits approved 
herein and to settle any question or difficulties in connection therewith or incidental thereto;
  resOLVed FurTHer THAT any Director or Company Secretary of the Company authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds and things as may be required, considered necessary or incidental thereto, and to settle any question(s), 
difficulty(ies) or matter(s) that may arise in interpretation, implementation or execution of the intent of the aforesaid 
resolution and to seek and obtain requisite consents and/or approvals including approval of the Board of Directors may 
deem fit and appropriate to give effect to the above.” 
14. reGuLAriZATiOn OF APPOinTMenT OF Mr. deBendrA KuMAr sABAT (din: 00802225) As An 
indePendenT direCTOr
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
  “resOLVed THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149,152 and any other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there under (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for 
the time being in force) read with Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), approval of the members of the company be and is hereby 
accorded to regularize the appointment of Mr. Debendra Kumar Sabat (DIN: 00802225), who was appointed by the 
Board of Directors as an Additional Independent Director (Non-Executive) of the Company pursuant to the provisions 
of section 161(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Articles of Association of the company, and who holds office upto 
the date of this Annual General Meeting, and in respect of whom the Company has received a declaration that he meets 
the criteria of independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations, 
and is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director under any applicable law, be and is hereby appointed as an 
Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company for a term of five (5) consecutive years commencing from the 
original date of appointment i.e. 13th August, 2025 up to 12th August, 2030, and who shall not be liable to retire by 
rotation.”
  resOLVed FurTHer THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts 
and take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
15.  APPrOV AL OF MATeriAL reLATed PArTy TrAnsACTiOns OF THe COMPAny
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
  “resOLVed THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23(4) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time (“Listing 
Regulations”), the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with rules made thereunder, other 
applicable laws / statutory provisions, if any, (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the 
time being in force), the Company’s Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transactions and on Dealing with Related 
Party Transactions and basis the approval of the Audit Committee and recommendation of the Board of Directors of 
the Company, approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Company to enter into and 
/ or continue the related party transaction(s) / contract(s) / arrangement(s) / agreement(s) with Phoenix Bio sciences 
Private Limited, Peptech Biosciences Limited and stalwart nutritions Private Limited as more specifically set out 
in Table no. A in the explanatory statement to this resolution on the material terms & conditions set out therein;
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 12 ===
6
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
  resOLVed FurTHer THAT the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as ‘Board’ which 
term shall be deemed to include the Audit Committee of the Board and any duly constituted committee empowered to 
exercise its powers including powers conferred under this resolution) be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, 
deeds, matters and things as it may deem fit in its absolute discretion and to take all such steps as may be required in 
this connection including finalising and executing necessary contract(s), arrangement(s), agreement(s) and such other 
documents as may be required, seeking all necessary approvals to give effect to this resolution, for and on behalf of 
the Company, to delegate all or any of its powers conferred under this resolution to any Director or Key Managerial 
Personnel or any officer / executive of the Company and to resolve all such issues, questions, difficulties or doubts 
whatsoever that may arise in this regard and all action(s) taken by the Company in connection with any matter referred 
to or contemplated in this resolution, be and are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects.”
                                                                                                        
 By Order of the Board
                                                                                                             For Titan Biotech Limited
 sd/-
date: August 13, 2025                           Charanjit singh
Place: Delhi                       (Company Secretary)
     ACS No. 12726
nOTes
1. In accordance with the provisions of the Act, read with the Rules made thereunder and General Circular No. 09/2024 
dated 19th September 2024, other Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) from time to time, 
SEBI circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated 3rd October 2024 , issued by SEBI (“the 
Circulars”), companies are allowed to hold AGM through video conference or other audio visual means (“VC/OA VM”) 
upto 25th September 2025, without the physical presence of members at a common venue. Accordingly, the AGM of the 
Company is being held through VC/OA VM, and video recording and transcript of the same shall be made available on 
the website of the Company. The deemed address of the Company for the purpose of AGM shall be its registered 
Office at A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, phase-III, Bhiwadi. 
  in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’), seBi (Listing Obligations and disclosure 
requirements) regulations, 2015 (‘Listing regulations’) and the relevant MCA Circulars, the 33rd AGM of the 
Company is being conducted through VC/OA VM, and does not require physical presence of members at deemed 
venue.
2. The Board of Directors have considered Special Business under item no. 6 to 15 being considered unavoidable to be 
transacted at the AGM. The relevant details, pursuant to Regulations 26(4) and 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations 
and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, in respect of 
Director seeking appointment or re-appointment and/or fixation of remuneration of Directors at this AGM is annexed.
3. The Shareholder may please note that since this AGM is being held pursuant to the MCA Circulars through VC / 
OA VM, physical attendance of Members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies 
by the Members will not be available for the AGM and hence the Proxy Form, Route Map and Attendance Slip are not 
annexed to this Notice.
4. To support the ‘Green Initiative’, Members who have not yet registered their email addresses are requested to register 
the same with their DPs in case the shares are held by them in electronic form and with Beetal in case the shares are 
held by them in physical form.
5. Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, email address, telephone/ 
mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number (PAN), mandates, nominations, power of attorney, bank details such as, 
name of the bank and branch details, bank account number, MICR code, IFSC code, etc., to their DPs in case the shares 
are held by them in electronic form and to Beetal Financial and Computer Services Pvt Ltd (‘Beetal’) in case the shares 
are held by them in physical form.
6. Non-Resident Indian Members are requested to inform RTA (Beetal), immediately of:
  a)  Change in their residential status on return to India for permanent settlement.
  b)  Particulars of their bank account maintained in India with complete name, branch, account type, account number 
and address of the bank with pin code number, if not furnished earlier.
=== PAGE 13 ===
7
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
7. The relevant records and documents connected with the businesses set out in the notice are available for inspection 
during the meeting on all working days up to the day of the Annual General Meeting except on Sundays and other 
holidays.
8. The Share Transfer Books and the Register of Members of the Company will remain closed from 20th  September, 2025 
to 26th September, 2025 (both days inclusive).
9.  Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of Companies Act, 2013 is annexed hereto and forms part of this notice.
10. CdsL e-VOTinG sysTeM – FOr e-VOTinG And JOininG VirTuAL MeeTinGs.
  a) As you are aware, in view of the situation arising due to COVID-19 global pandemic, the general meetings of 
the Companies shall be conducted as per the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) vide 
General Circular No. 09/2024 dated 19th September 2024, Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, Circular 
No.17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 and Circular No. 20/2020 dated May 05, 2020, Circular No. 2/2021 dated 
January 13, 2021, Circular No. 19/2021 dated December 08, 2021, Circular No. 21/2021 dated December 14, 
2021, Circular No. 02/2022 dated May 05, 2022 and other circular if any.  The forthcoming AGM will thus be 
held through video conferencing (VC) or other audio visual means (OA VM). Hence, Members can attend and 
participate in the ensuing AGM through VC/OA VM.
  b) Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
& Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and MCA Circulars dated April 08, 2020, April 
13, 2020, May 05, 2020, May 05, 2022, the Company is providing facility of remote e-voting to its Members in 
respect of the business to be transacted at the AGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered into an agreement 
with Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, as 
the authorized e-V oting’s agency. The facility of casting votes by a member using remote e-voting as well as the 
e-voting system on the date of the AGM will be provided by CDSL. 
  c) The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OA VM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the 
commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation 
at the AGM through VC/OA VM will be made available to atleast 1000 members on first come first served basis. 
This will not include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional 
Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the 
AGM without restriction on account of first come first served basis.
  d) The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/OA VM will be counted for the purpose of 
ascertaining the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.
  e) Pursuant to MCA Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, the facility to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote 
for the members is not available for this AGM. However, in pursuance of Section 112 and Section 113 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, representatives of the members such as the President of India or the Governor of a State or 
body corporate can attend the AGM through VC/OA VM and cast their votes through e-voting.
  f) In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, and subsequent 
circulars the Notice calling the AGM has been uploaded on the website of the Company at http://www.
titanbiotechltd.com .The Notice can also be accessed from the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited 
at www.bseindia.com . The AGM Notice is also disseminated on the website of CDSL (agency for providing the 
Remote e-V oting facility and e-voting system during the AGM)  http://www.evotingindia.com .
  g) The AGM has been convened through VC/OA VM in compliance with applicable provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with MCA General Circular No. 09/2024, dated 19.09.2024, General Circular No. 0920/2020, 
dated 05.05.2020, General Circular No. 02/2021, dated 13.06.2021  and General Circular No. 19/2021, dated 
08.12.2021, General Circular No. 21/2021, dated 14.12.2021 and Circular No. 02/2022 dated May 05, 2022 and 
other circular if any.
11. THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS FOR E-VOTING AND JOINING VIRTUAL MEETINGS ARE AS 
UNDER:
  step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-V oting system in case of individual    shareholders holding 
shares in demat mode. 
  step 2 : Access through CDSL e-V oting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode and non-
individual shareholders in demat mode.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 14 ===
8
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
  i. The voting period begins on 22nd september, 2025 at 10.00 A.M and ends on 25th september, 2025 at 5.00 
P.M. During this period shareholders’ of the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized 
form, as on the cut-off date 19th september, 2025, may cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module shall 
be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter.
  ii. The Members who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may also attend/ participate in the 
AGM through VC / OA VM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.
  iii. Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. seBi/HO/CFd/CMd/Cir/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, under Regulation 44 
of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
listed entities are required to provide remote e-voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all shareholders’ 
resolutions. However, it has been observed that the participation by the public non-institutional shareholders/retail 
shareholders is at a negligible level. 
   Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers (ESPs) providing e-voting facility to listed entities in 
India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and maintenance of multiple user IDs and passwords by the 
shareholders. 
   In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it has been decided to 
enable e-voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single login credential, through their demat accounts/ 
websites of Depositories/ Depository Participants. Demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without 
having to register again with the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless authentication but also enhancing 
ease and convenience of participating in e-voting process.
   step 1: Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-V oting system in case of individual shareholders holding 
shares in demat mode.
  iv. In terms of seBi circular no. seBi/HO/CFd/CMd/Cir/P/2020/242 dated december 9, 2020 on e-V oting 
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to 
vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-V oting facility
   Pursuant to above said SEBI Circular, Login method for e-V oting and joining virtual meetings for individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode CdsL/nsdL is given below:
 
Type of 
shareholders
 Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
Demat mode 
with CDSL 
Depository
Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing user 
id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further 
authentication. The URL for users to login to Easi / Easiest are https://web.cdslindia.com/
myeasi/home/login or visit  www.cdslindia.com  and click on Login icon and select New 
System Myeasi.
After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for 
eligible Companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by 
Company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the 
e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers i.e. CDSL/NSDL/KARVY/LINKINTIME, so 
that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at https://web.
cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration
Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number 
and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page or click on 
https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin The system will authenticate the user 
by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After 
successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting 
is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
=== PAGE 15 ===
9
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with nsdL 
depository
If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services website 
of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.
com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Services 
is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available 
under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID 
and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-V oting services. 
Click on “Access to e-V oting” under e-V oting services and you will be able to see 
e-V oting page. Click on Company name or e-V oting service provider name and you 
will be re-directed to e-V oting service provider website for casting your vote during the 
remote e-V oting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
If the user is not  registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS “Portal or click   at https://
eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
Visit the e-V oting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the 
home page of e-V oting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter 
your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/
OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you 
will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-V oting page. Click on 
Company name or e-V oting service provider name and you will be redirected to e-V oting 
service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-V oting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting
Individual  
Shareholders  
(holding  
securities in 
demat mode) 
login through 
their Depository 
Participants (DP)
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-V oting facility.  After Successful 
login, you will be able to see e-V oting option. Once you click on e-V oting option, you will 
be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you 
can see e-V oting feature. Click on Company name or e-V oting service provider name and 
you will be redirected to e-V oting service provider website for casting your vote during the 
remote e-V oting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
   important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
   Helpdesk for individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to 
login through depository i.e. CdsL and nsdL
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in Demat 
mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by 
sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com   or contact at 1800 
21 09911.
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in Demat 
mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by 
sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 1800 1020 
990 
    step 2: Access through CdsL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode and         
non-individual shareholders in demat mode.
  v. Login method for e-V oting and joining virtual meetings for Physical shareholders and shareholders other than 
individual holding in demat form.
   1) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com.
   2) Click on “Shareholders” module.
   3) Now Enter your User ID
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 16 ===
10
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
  a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,
  b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,
  c. Members holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with the Company
  vi. Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login
  vii. If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on an earlier 
voting of any Company, then your existing password is to be used.
  viii. If you are a first time user follow the steps given below:
For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding shares in Demat.
PAN Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department (Applicable 
for both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders)
• Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/ Depository 
Participant are requested to use the sequence number sent by Company/RTA or contact 
Company/RTA
Dividend Bank 
Details
OR Date of Birth 
(DOB)
Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded in 
your demat account or in the Company records in order to login.
• If both the details are not recorded with the depository or Company please enter the 
member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field as mentioned in instruction 
(v).
  ix. After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab.
  x. Members holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection screen, However, 
members holding shares in demat form will now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu wherein they are required to 
mandatorily enter their login password in the new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also used 
by the demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other Company on which they are eligible to vote, provided 
that Company opts for e-voting through CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to share your password 
with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential.
  xi. For Members holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on the resolutions contained 
in this Notice.
  xii. Click on the EVSN for the relevant <TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED> on which you choose to vote. 
  xiii. On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the option “YES/NO” 
for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that you assent to the Resolution and 
option NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution.
  xiv. Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolution details. 
  xv. After selecting the resolution you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A confirmation box will be 
displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK”, else to change your vote, click on “CANCEL” and 
accordingly modify your vote. 
  xvi. Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote 
  xvii. You can also take out print of the voting done by you by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the V oting 
page.
  xviii. If Demat account holder has forgotten the changed password then Enter the User ID and the image verification 
code and click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the system.
  xix. Shareholders can also cast their vote using CDSL’s mobile app “m-V oting”. The m-V oting app can be downloaded 
from respective Store. Please follow the instructions as prompted by the mobile app while Remote V oting on your 
mobile.
12. Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and become Member of the Company after dispatch of the Notice and 
holding shares as on 19th September, 2025 may follow the same instructions as mentioned above for e-V oting.
13. In case you have any queries or issues regarding e-voting, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (“FAQs”) 
and e-voting manual available at www.evotingindia.com, under help section or write an email to helpdesk.evoting@
cdslindia.com.
=== PAGE 17 ===
11
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
14. The Board of Directors has appointed M/s PKG AND ASSOCIATES, Practicing Company Secretary, who shall 
scrutinize the electronic voting process in fair and transparent manner.
15. The results of resolutions passed shall be declared immediately on furnishing of report by scrutinizers to the Chairman 
after the 33rd Annual General Meeting. The results of resolutions shall be based on the report of M/s PKG AND 
ASSOCIATES, Proprietorship of Practicing Company Secretary, and voting at 33rd Annual General Meeting.
16. Members are requested to intimate to the Company queries, if any, regarding these accounts/ notice at least 7 (seven 
days) before the meeting to enable the management to keep the information ready at the meeting.
17. Unpaid / Unclaimed Dividend is lying with the Company for the last few years. Shareholders who have not received 
or claimed dividend may submit their claim immediately to avoid the same being transferred to Investor Education 
and Protection Fund after period of 7 years or as prescribed under the Companies Act and Rules made thereunder. The 
Company had communicated to Shareholders for claiming of dividend for 2016-2017 onwards and also updated list 
of shareholders on its website whose dividend and shares can be transferred to IEPF if dividend on such shares is not 
claimed for a period of 7 years. Members who have not so far encashed their dividend warrants for the years from 2016-
17 to 2024-25 may approach RTA (Beetal), for payment thereof, to avoid transfer as per the dates mentioned below:
Sr. No. Dividend for Financial Year Due Date for Transfer to IEPF
1. 2017-2018 04-11-2025
2. 2018-2019 N.A.
3. 2019-2020 01-11-2027
4. 2020-2021 31-10-2028
5. 2021-2022 06-11-2029
6. 2022-2023 05-11-2030
7. 2023-2024 06-11-2031
8. 2024-2025 06-11-2032
  Members whose shares have been transferred to IEPF may claim the shares by making an application in Form IEPF-5. 
Detailed procedure and the required documentation for claiming the shares/dividend refund can be accessed at www.
iepf.gov.in .
Please note that:
  • Login to e- voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key-in the correct password. In such 
an event, you will need to go through ‘Forgot Password’ option available on the site to reset the same.
  • Your login id and password can be used by you exclusively for e-voting on the resolutions placed by the Companies 
in which you are the shareholder.
  • It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep it 
confidential.
   The results of the voting shall be placed on the website of the Company at www.titanbiotechltd.com and also at 
CDSL website at www.cdslindia.com .
18. M/s PKG and Associates, Proprietorship of Practicing Company Secretary, has been appointed as Scrutinizer to 
scrutinize the voting and remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.
19. The Chairman shall at the end of discussion on the resolutions on which voting is to be held, allow voting with the 
assistance of scrutinizer.
20. The scrutiniser shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting at the general meeting, first count the votes cast at 
the meeting, thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting in the presence of at least two witnesses not 
in the employment of the company and make, not later than three days of conclusion of the meeting, a consolidated 
scrutiniser's report of the total votes cast ln favor or against, if any, to the Chairman or a person authorised by him in 
writing who shall countersign the same.
21. The Results declared along with the report of Scrutinizer shall be placed on the website of the Company www.
titanbiotechltd.com . The results shall be forwarded immediately to the BSE Limited where shares of the Company are 
listed.
22. All documents referred to in the Notice will be available for inspection at the Company’s Registered Office on all 
working days, during business hours upon the date of the AGM.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 18 ===
12
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
23. A person, whose name is recorded in the register of members or in the register of beneficial owners. maintained by the 
depositories as on the cut off date i.e 19th September, 2025 is entitle to avail the facility of remote e-voting as well as 
e-voting at the AGM.
24. Record date for determining the names of members eligible for dividend on equity shares, if approved by the members 
at the AGM, is 19th September, 2025.  
25. Since the AGM will be held through VC / OA VM, the Route Map is not annexed in this Notice.
26. insTruCTiOns FOr MeMBers FOr ATTendinG THe AGM THrOuGH VC / OA VM & e-VOTinG 
durinG MeeTinG Are As unders:
  A. The procedure for attending meeting & e-V oting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned 
above for e-voting.
  B. The link for VC/OA VM to attend meeting will be available where the EVSN of Company will be displayed after 
successful login as per the instructions mentioned above for e-voting.
  C. Shareholder will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through VC/OA VM through the CDSL e-V oting 
system. Shareholders may access the same at www.evotingindia.com under shareholders/members login by using 
the remote e-voting credentials. The link for VC/OA VM will be available in shareholder/members login where the 
EVSN of Company will be displayed.
  d. Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops / IPads for better experience.
  e. Further shareholders will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance 
during the meeting.
  F. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via 
Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore 
recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
  G. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask questions during the meeting may register themselves as a 
speaker by sending their request in advance atleast 7 days prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat account 
number/folio number, email id, mobile number at hrd@titanbiotechltd.com . The shareholders who do not wish 
to speak during the AGM but have queries may send their queries in advance 7 days prior to meeting mentioning 
their name, demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at hrd@titanbiotechltd.com.  These 
queries will be replied to by the Company suitably by email.
  H. Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask 
questions during the meeting.
  i. Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM through VC/OA VM facility and have not casted their vote 
on the Resolutions through remote e-V oting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote 
through e-V oting system available during the AGM.
  J. If any V otes are cast by the shareholders through the e-voting available during the AGM and if the same shareholders 
have not participated in the meeting through VC/OA VM facility, then the votes cast by such shareholders shall be 
considered invalid as the facility of e-voting during the meeting is available only to the shareholders attending the 
meeting.
27. PrOCess FOr reGisTrATiOn OF eMAiL id FOr OBTAininG AnnuAL rePOr T And user id/
PAssWOrd FOr e-VOTinG And uPdATiOn OF BAnK ACCOunT MAndATe FOr reCeiPT OF 
diVidend direCTLy in THeir BAnK ACCOunT THrOuGH eLeCTrOniC CLeArinG sysTeM 
Or Any OTHer MeAns:
Physical Holding Send a request to the Registrar and Transfer Agents of the Company, BEETAL Financial & Computer Services 
Private Limited at beetalrta@gmail.com providing Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share 
certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned 
copy of Aadhar Card) for registering email address.
Following additional details need to be provided in case of updating Bank Account Details:
a) Name and Branch of the Bank in which you wish to receive the dividend,
b) the Bank Account type,
c) Bank Account Number allotted by their banks after implementation
of Core Banking Solutions
d) 9 digit MICR Code Number, and
e) 11 digit IFSC Code
f) a scanned copy of the cancelled cheque bearing the name of the first shareholder.
=== PAGE 19 ===
13
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Demat Holding Please contact your Depository Participant (DP) and register your email address and bank account 
details in your demat account, as per the process advised by your DP.
28. insTruCTiOns FOr sHAreHOLders FOr e-VOTinG durinG THe AGM Are As under
  1. The procedure for e-V oting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for Remote 
e-voting.  
2. Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM through VC/OA VM facility and have not casted their vote 
on the Resolutions through remote e-V oting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote 
through e-V oting system available during the AGM. 
3. If any V otes are cast by the shareholders through the e-voting available during the AGM and if the same shareholders 
have not participated in the meeting through VC/OA VM facility , then the votes cast by such shareholders shall 
be considered invalid as the facility of e-voting during the meeting is available only to the shareholders attending 
the meeting.
4. Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-V oting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not 
be eligible to vote at the AGM.
29. PrOCess FOr THOse sHAreHOLders WHOse eMAiL/MOBiLe nO. Are nOT reGisTered WiTH 
THe COMPAny/dePOsiTOries.
  For Physical shareholders- please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the 
share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy 
of Aadhar Card) by email to hrd@titanbiotechltd.com / beetalrta@gmail.com
  For Demat shareholders -, Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository Participant (DP).
  For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository 
Participant (DP) which is mandatory while e-V oting & joining virtual meetings through Depository.
30. nOTe FOr nOn – indiViduAL sHAreHOLders And CusTOdiAns
  • Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on to 
www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporates” module.
  • A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to helpdesk.
evoting@cdslindia.com.
  • After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login and password. The 
Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote on.
  • The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case of any wrong 
mapping. 
  • A scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) which they have issued in favour of the 
Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.
  • Alternatively Non Individual shareholders are required to send the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter 
etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to 
the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email address viz gu.pankaj@gmail.com , if they have  voted from 
individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.
   If you have any queries or issues regarding attending AGM & e-V oting from the CDSL e-V oting System, you can 
write an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com  or contact at 1800 21 09911.
   All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, 
Manager, (CDSL, ) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal 
Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@
cdslindia.com or call on 1800 21 09911.
31.  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) has mandated the submission of Permanent Account 
Number (PAN) by every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in electronic mode are, 
therefore, requested to submit their PAN to their depository participants with whom they are maintaining their 
demat accounts. Members holding shares in physical mode can submit their PAN to the Company / to our RTA.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 20 ===
14
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
31. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) has mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number 
(PAN) by every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in electronic mode are, therefore, requested 
to submit their PAN to their depository participants with whom they are maintaining their demat accounts. Members 
holding shares in physical mode can submit their PAN to the Company / to our RTA.
  Pursuant to Finance Act 2020, dividend income will be taxable in the hands of shareholders w.e.f. April 1, 2020 and the 
Companies required to deduct tax at source from dividend paid to shareholders at the prescribed rates. For the prescribed 
rates for various categories, the shareholders are requested to refer to the Finance Act, 2020 and amendments thereof. 
The shareholders are requested to update their PAN with the Company/ BEETAL Financial & Computer Services 
Private Limited (in case of shares held in physical mode) and depositories (in case of shares held in demat mode).
32. For resident shareholders, taxes shall be deducted at source under Section 194 of the IT Act as follows:
Shareholders having valid PAN 7.5% or as notified by the Government of India
Shareholders not having PAN / valid PAN 20% or as notified by the Government of India
  PAN is mandatory for members providing Form 15G / 15H or any other document as mentioned above. A Resident 
individual shareholder with PAN and who is not liable to pay income tax can submit a yearly declaration in Form No. 
15G/15H, to avail the benefit of non-deduction of tax at source by email to beetalrta@gmail.com .
  Non-resident shareholders can avail beneficial rates under tax treaty between India and their country of residence, 
subject to providing necessary documents i.e. No Permanent Establishment and Beneficial Ownership Declaration, Tax 
Residency Certificate, Form 10F, any other document which may be required to avail the tax treaty benefits by sending 
an email to beetalrta@gmail.com . The aforesaid declarations and documents need to be submitted by the shareholders
  Members who hold shares in physical mode in multiple folios in identical names or joint holding in the same order of 
names are requested to send the share certificates to our RTA, for consolidation into a single folio.
  Non-Resident Indian Members are requested to inform our RTA / respective depository participants, immediately of 
any:
  a)  Change in their residential status on return to India for permanent settlement.
  b)  Particulars of their bank account maintained in India with complete name, branch, account type, account number 
and address of the bank with pin code number, if not furnished earlier.
  Members are requested to note that the SEBI circular dated November 3, 2021 (subsequently amended by circulars 
dated December 14, 2021, March 16, 2023 and November 17, 2023) mandated that the members (holding securities 
in physical form), whose folio(s) were not updated with the KYC details (viz., PAN; Choice of Nomination; Contact 
Details; Mobile Number; Bank Account Details and signature, if any) shall be eligible for any dividend payments in 
respect of such folios, only through electronic mode with effect from April 1, 2024. 
  To avoid delay in receiving dividend, Members are requested to update their KYC with their depositories (where shares 
are held in demat mode) and with the Company’s Registrar & Share Transfer Agents (“RTA”) by submitting the relevant 
ISR forms duly filled in along with self-attested supporting proofs (where shares are held in physical mode) to receive 
dividend directly into their bank account. The forms can be downloaded from the website of the RTA and also of the 
Company.
33. nOTe FOr nOn – indiViduAL sHAreHOLders And CusTOdiAns
  SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated 16th March 2023 (subsumed as part 
of the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated 7th May 2024), in supersession of 
earlier Circular(s) issued on the subject, has prescribed common and simplified norms for processing investor service 
requests by RTAs and norms for furnishing PAN, KYC (contact details, bank details and specimen signature), and 
nomination details. As per the said Circular, it is mandatory for the shareholders holding securities in physical form to, 
inter alia, furnish PAN, KYC, and nomination details
  Physical folios wherein the said details are not available would be eligible for lodging grievance or any service request 
only after registering the required details. Any payments including dividend in respect of such folios shall only be made 
electronically with effect from 1st April 2024 upon registering the required details.
  If a shareholder holding shares in physical form desires to opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh 
nomination, he/she/they may submit the same in the prescribed form. Shareholders holding shares in demat form who 
=== PAGE 21 ===
15
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
have not furnished nomination nor have submitted declaration for opting out of nomination,are required to register or 
opt out from nomination, as the case may be, on or before 30th June 2024, failing which their demat account shall be 
frozen for debits.
  The Company has sent individual letters to all the shareholders holding shares of the Company in physical form for 
furnishing their PAN, KYC, and nomination details. The necessary forms in this regard have been made available 
on the website of the Company at https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/important-information/ and its RTA at http://
www.beetalfinancial.in/BEETALFINANCIAL/downloadf.aspx . Accordingly, the members are advised to register their 
details with the RTA or DPs, in compliance with the aforesaid SEBI guidelines for smooth processing of their service 
requests and trading without any hindrance.
34. issue OF seCuriTies in deMATeriALised FOrM
  SEBI vide its notification dated 24th January 2022 has mandated that all requests for transfer of securities including 
transmission and transposition requests shall be processed only in dematerialised form. In view of the same and to 
eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and avail various benefits of dematerialisation, the members are 
advised to dematerialise their holdings
  Further, SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_ RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated 25th January 2022 
(subsumed as part of the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/ POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated 7th May 2024) 
has mandated listed companies to issue securities for the following investor service requests only in dematerialised 
form: (i) issue of duplicate securities certificate; (ii) claim from unclaimed suspense account; (iii) renewal/exchange of 
securities certificate; (iv) endorsement; (v) sub-division/splitting of securities certificate; (vi) consolidation of securities 
certificates/folios; (vii) transmission; and (viii) transposition.
35. PrOCess FOr A V AiLinG V AriOus inVesTOr serViCe reQuesTs
  Members are requested to refer to the SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated 16th 
March 2023 (subsumed as part of the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/ CIR/2024/37 dated 7th 
May 2024) for common and simplified norms for processing any service requests before making an application to the 
Company/RTA.
 
         By Order of the Board
                                                                                                   for Titan Biotech Limited
       sd/-
 Charanjit singh
 date: August 13, 2025    Company secretary
Place: Delhi   ACs 12726
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 22 ===
16
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
eXPLAnATOry sTATeMenT
PursuAnT TO seCTiOn 102 OF THe COMPAnies ACT, 2013 And / Or reGuLATiOn 36(3) OF THe seBi 
(LisTinG OBLiGATiOns And disCLOsure reQuireMenTs) reGuLATiOns, 2015 
item no. 6:
The Board at its meeting held on 30th May, 2025, based on recommendation of the Audit Committee, after evaluating and 
considering various factors such as industry experience, competency of the audit , efficiency in conduct of audit, independence, 
etc., has approved the appointment of Mr. Amit Anand, Practising Company Secretary, a peer reviewed Secretarial Auditor 
of the Company for a term of five consecutive years commencing from FY 2025-26  till  FY 2029-30, subject to approval 
of the Members. The appointment of Secretarial Auditors shall be in terms of the amended Regulation 24A of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations vide SEBI Notification dated December 12, 2024 and provisions of Section 204 of the Act and Rule 9 
of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014. Mr. Amit Anand is a well-known  
Practising Company Secretary based in Delhi. Mr. Amit Anand is eligible to be appointed as Secretarial Auditor in terms of 
Regulation 24A of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The services to be rendered by Secretarial Auditor is within the purview 
of the said regulation read with SEBI circular no. SEBI/ HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/CIR/P/2024/185 dated December 31, 2024.
Mr. Amit Anand is  B.Com (Hons)  commerce graduate  and a Practising Company Secretary with Certificate of Practice 
number 17101. He has over 10 years of experience in Practice . He was peer reviewed on 19th April 2022 vide certificate 
number 1970/2022. There is no material change in fees payable to him. 
The proposed fees in connection with the secretarial audit shall be Rs 72000 (Rupees Seventy Two Thousand Only) plus 
applicable taxes and other out-of-pocket expenses for FY 2026, and for subsequent year(s) of their term, such fees as may be 
mutually agreed between the Board of Directors and Mr. Amit Anand. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out in Item No. 6 of this Notice for approval of the Members. None 
of the Directors and/or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and/or their relatives are concerned or interested, in the 
Resolution set out in Item No. 6 of this Notice.
item no. 7:
Pursuant to Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), a Company may advance any loan including any loan 
represented by book debt, or give any guarantee or provide any security in connection with any loan taken by any entity (said 
entity(ies) covered under the category of ‘a person in whom any of the director of the Company is interested’ as specified in 
the explanation to Section 185(2)(b) of the Companies Act, 2013, after passing a Special Resolution in the general meeting. 
It is proposed to make loan(s) including loan represented by way of Book Debt to, and/or give guarantee(s) and/or provide 
security(ies) in connection with any loan taken/to be taken by the Subsidiary Companies or Associate or Joint Venture or 
group entity or any other person in whom any of the Director of the Company is deemed to be interested as specified in the 
explanation to Section 185(2)(b) of the Act (collectively referred to as the “Entities”), from time to time, for its principal 
business activities and other matters connected and incidental thereto, within the limits as mentioned in the item no. 7 of the 
notice. 
The members may note that Board of Directors would carefully evaluate the proposals and provide such loan, guarantee or 
security through deployment of funds out of internal resources/accruals and/or any other appropriate sources, from time to 
time, and the proposed loan shall be at such rate of interest as agreed by the parties in the best interest of the Company and 
shall be used by the borrowing company for its principal business activities only.
Directors namely Mr. Suresh Chand Singla, Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla, Mrs. Manju Singla, Mr. Raja Singla and Relatives 
of Key Managerial Personnel namely Mr. Udit Singla, Ms. Supriya Singla and Mr. Shivom Singla and all above named 
Companies are interested in above Resolution and hence not entitled to participate in discussion or vote on the Resolution. 
The Board recommends the special resolution set out at item no. 7 of the Notice for approval by the Members. No other 
Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company is concerned or interested in the resolution.
item no. 8:
The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, has approved in its board meeting held in  30th May, 2025, the 
appointment of M/s Sanjay Kumar Garg & Associates, Cost Accountants, FRN 100292, at a remuneration of Rs. 60,000/- 
(Rupees Sixty Thousand Only) excluding applicable Tax to conduct the Cost Audit of the Company for the financial year 
2025-2026. 
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 14 of Companies (Audit & 
Auditor Rules), 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor is required to be ratified by the members of the Company. 
=== PAGE 23 ===
17
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the resolution. The Board recommends the Ordinary resolution set out at item no. 8 of the 
Notice for approval by the Members.
item no. 9:
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla (DIN: 00027448) was appointed as the Managing Director of the Company for a term of five (5) 
years beginning from 1st April, 2021 to 31st March, 2026. The Board at its meeting held on 13th August, 2025 has approved 
the change in remuneration and tenure for re-appointment from 1st April, 2026 to 31st March, 2031, for which approval the 
members is required. 
The remuneration proposed to be paid to Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla, Managing Director has also been recommended by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The remuneration proposed will be in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 
read with Schedule V to the Act. Brief profile of Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla is annexed to the notice. 
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla, Managing Director shall draw remuneration plus other benefits, perquisites and allowances as 
mentioned in the resolution for Item No 9.  from October 1, 2025 as set out herein below: 
a. salary: Rs. 8,00,000/- per month w.e.f. 1st October, 2025, on the basis of recommendation of Nomination & Remuneration 
Committee, but upto maximum of Rs. 20,00,000/- per month including other benefits, perquisites and allowances. 
b. Other Benefits, Perquisites and allowances: -
i) Gratuity paid or payable in accordance with the Gratuity Act.
ii) Insurance for health, accident, officer’s liability etc. by company
iii) Contribution towards National Pension Scheme by Company
iv) Bonus paid or payable as per rules of the company and applicable laws.
v) Leave Encashment in accordance with rules of company.
Disclosure as required under Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 is given hereunder: 
i.  GenerAL inFOrMATiOn
(1)  nature of industry: Biotechnology 
(2)  date or expected date of commencement of commercial production: n.A. Since the Company has already commence 
the business activities
(3)  In case of new Companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project approved by financial 
institutions appearing in the prospectus: Not applicable, since the Company was incorporated on 18/02/1992 
(4) Financial performance based on given indicators:                                                                           
(Amount in Rs. Lakhs)
 Particular For the year ended
31st March, 2023 31st March, 2024 31st March, 2025
Total Revenue  14594.24 16582.03 16036.33
Profit before Tax  2811.60 3152.90 2436.73
Profit after Tax  2102.48 2366.32 1827.11
Paid up Capital  826.37 826.37 826.37
(5)  Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: The Company does not have any foreign technical collaborations or 
foreign joint venture arrangements as on date. However, the Company has received investments from Non-Resident 
Indians (NRIs) and therefore, has foreign shareholding to that extent. 
  i information about the appointee:
a. Background details Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla is associated with Company since 
1992 as a first Director of the Company. He expertise in 
Accounts, Finance, Project Development and Implementation.
b. Past remuneration 48,00,000/- P.A
c. Recognition or awards N.A
d. Job profile and his suitability He expertise in Accounts, Finance, Project 
Development and Implementation. 
e. Remuneration proposed 96,00,000/- with ceiling of Rs. 2,40,00,000/- P.A.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 24 ===
18
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
f. Comparative remuneration profile with 
respect to industry, size of the Company, 
profile of the position and person (in case of 
expatriates the relevant details would be with 
respect to the country of his origin) 
Taking into consideration the size of the Company, the profile, 
knowledge, skills and responsibilities shouldered by him, the 
remuneration proposed to be paid is commensurate with the 
remuneration packages paid to their similar counterparts in 
other Companies.
g. Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly 
with the Company, or relationship with the 
managerial personnel or other Director, if 
any 
Apart from the remuneration and perquisites paid to him 
as Managing Director as stated above and their respective 
shareholding held directly or indirectly in the Company and 
Mr. Raja Singla & Mr. Shivom Singla being sons of Mr. 
Naresh Kumar Singla do not have any pecuniary relationship 
directly or indirectly with the Company and its managerial 
personnel except remuneration and perquisites paid to them 
and relatives.
iii.  OTHer inFOrMATiOn:
  (1)  Reasons of loss or inadequate profits: Not Applicable
  (2)  steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement: not Applicable
  (3)  Expected increase in productivity and profits in measurable terms: Not Applicable
  Note: The above clauses are not applicable as the company is currently profit-making and does not fall under the 
category of entities required to furnish such details.
iV . disCLOsure: 
  a.  The remuneration package of all the managerial persons are given in the respective resolutions. 
  b.  Additional information is given in Corporate Governance report and Annexure attached with Notice. 
  Further, pursuant to the provisions of Section 196 of the Companies Act, 2013, a Special Resolution is required to be 
passed by the members for the appointment as Managing Director of a person who has attained the age of 70 (seventy) 
years. In this context, the Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 9 of the Notice for approval by 
the members, as Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla will attain the age of 70 during his proposed five-year tenure.
  None of the Directors, KMP’s and members except Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla, Mr. Raja Singla and Mr. Shivom Singla 
are (being relative as per Companies Act and rules there under) interested in this resolution and are not entitled to vote 
on this resolution.
item no. 10:
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla (DIN: 00027706) was appointed as the Managing Director of the Company for a term of five (5) 
years beginning from 1st April, 2021 to 31st March, 2026. The Board at its meeting held on 13th August, 2025 has approved 
the change in remuneration and tenure for re-appointment from 1st April, 2026 to 31st March, 2031, for which approval the 
members is required. 
The remuneration proposed to be paid to Mr. Suresh Chand Singla, Managing Director has also been recommended by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The remuneration proposed will be in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 
read with Schedule V to the Act. Brief profile of Mr. Suresh Chand Singla is annexed to the notice. 
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla, Managing Director shall draw remuneration plus other benefits, perquisites and allowances as 
mentioned in the resolution for Item No 10.  from October 1, 2025 as set out herein below: 
a. salary: Rs. 8,00,000/- per month w.e.f. 1st October, 2025, subject to increase on the basis of recommendation of Nomination 
& Remuneration Committee, but upto a maximum of Rs. 20,00,000/- per month and perquisites upto 31st March, 2031.
b. Other Benefits, Perquisites and allowances: -
i) Gratuity paid or payable in accordance with the Gratuity Act.
ii) Insurance for health, accident, officer’s liability etc. by company
iii) Contribution towards National Pension Scheme by Company
iv) Bonus paid or payable as per rules of the company and applicable laws.
v) Leave Encashment in accordance with rules of company.
Disclosure as required under Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 is given hereunder:
=== PAGE 25 ===
19
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
  i.  GenerAL inFOrMATiOn
 (1)  nature of industry: Biotechnology 
 (2)  date or expected date of commencement of commercial production: N.A. Since the Company has already commence 
the business activities
(3)  In case of new Companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project approved by financial 
institutions appearing in the prospectus: Not applicable, since the Company was incorporated on 18/02/1992.
 (4)   Financial performance based on given indicators: 
(Amount in Rs. Lakhs)
 Particular For the year ended
31st March, 2023 31st March, 2024 31st March, 2025
Total Revenue  14594.24 16582.03 16036.33
Profit before Tax  2811.60 3152.90 2436.73
Profit after Tax  2102.48 2366.32 1827.11
Paid up Capital  826.37 826.37 826.37
(5)  Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: The Company does not have any foreign technical collaborations or 
foreign joint venture arrangements as on date. However, the Company has received investments from Non-Resident 
Indians (NRIs) and therefore, has foreign shareholding to that extent.
ii.  inFOrMATiOn ABOuT THe APPOinTee
    
a. Background details Mr. Suresh Chand Singla is associated with Company since 1992 as a first 
Director of the Company. He expertise in Production, Quality Control 
of Microbiological Culture Media, Media bases and other Biological 
Products, also in marketing of products and brand building.
b. Past remuneration 48,00,000/- P.A
c. Recognition or awards N.A
d. Job profile and his 
suitability
He expertise in Production, Quality Control of Microbiological Culture 
Media, Media bases and other Biological Products, also in marketing of 
products and brand building.
e. Remuneration proposed 96,00,000/- with ceiling of Rs 2,40,00,000/- P.A
f. Comparative remuneration profile 
with respect to industry, size of the 
Company, profile of the position 
and person (in case of expatriates 
the relevant details would be with 
respect to the country of his origin) 
Taking into consideration the size of the Company, the profile, knowledge, 
skills and responsibilities shouldered by him, the remuneration proposed 
to be paid is commensurate with the remuneration packages paid to their 
similar counterparts in o in other Companies.
g. Pecuniary relationship directly or 
indirectly with the Company, or 
relationship with the managerial 
personnel or other Director, if any 
Apart from the remuneration and perquisites paid to him as Managing 
Director as stated above and their respective shareholding held directly or 
indirectly in the Company and Mr. Udit Singla being son of Mr. Suresh 
Chand Singla and Ms. Supriya Singla being daughter of Mr. Suresh Chand 
Singla do not have any pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with 
the Company and its managerial personnel.
iii.  OTHer inFOrMATiOn:
 (1)  Reasons of loss or inadequate profits: Not Applicable
(2)  steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement: Not Applicable
(3)  Expected increase in productivity and profits in measurable terms: Not Applicable
Note: The above clauses are not applicable as the company is currently profit-making and does not fall under the category of 
entities required to furnish such details.
iV .  disCLOsure 
  a.  The remuneration package of all the managerial persons are given in the respective resolutions. 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 26 ===
20
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
  b.  Additional information is given in Corporate Governance report and Annexure attached with Notice. 
  The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 10 of the Notice for approval by the Members. None 
of the Directors, KMP’s and members except Mr. Suresh Chand Singla, Mr. Udit Singla and Ms. Supriya Singla are 
(being relative as per Companies Act and rules there under) interested in this resolution and are not entitled to vote on 
this resolution.
item no. 11:
The Company is borrowing funds from banks, other lenders for business needs. The borrowing of funds would require 
creation of mortgage or charge on the property of Company. The Company is required to create mortgage or charge on 
property of Company for the purpose of taking secured loan or credit facilities. Creation of mortgage or charge on property 
contains inherent right to sell the property in case of failure of borrower to repay money with interest. Therefore, permission 
of shareholders is required by means of a special resolution under section 180 (1) (a) of Companies Act for sale of property 
or disposal of property in case of failure of Company to repay the money with interest and hence approval of shareholders is 
being taken. 
None of the Directors, KMP’s and members (being relative as per Companies Act and rules there under) interested in this 
resolution are entitled to vote on this resolution. The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 11 of the 
Notice for approval by the Members..
item no. 12:
The Board on the recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee at its meeting held on 13th August, 2025 
approved the increase in remuneration of Mr. Shivom Singla Whole Time Director (DIN: 03615519) and Key Managerial 
Personal of the Company. Pursuant to Sections 197, 198 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, (the 
Act) and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 read with Schedule V of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory modification(s) or reenactment thereof for the time being in force. 
The Board of Directors/Committee has recommended the payment of remuneration for the period from 1st October, 2025 to 
30th September, 2028 as set out herein below: 
a. salary: Rs. 13,50,000/- per month plus
b.  Other Benefits, Perquisites and allowances: -
 i) Gratuity paid or payable in accordance with the Gratuity Act
ii)  Insurance for health, accident, officer’s liability etc. by company
iii)  Contribution towards National Pension Scheme by Company
iv)  Bonus paid or payable as per rules of the company and applicable laws.
v)  Leave Encashment in accordance with rules of company. w.e.f. 1st October, 2025,
Subject to increase as and when required on the basis of recommendation of Nomination & Remuneration Committee but not 
exceeding a sum of Rs. 20,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty Lacs) per month w.e.f. 1st October, 2025 including all other benefits, 
perquisites and allowances. The salary is proposed to be increased from current consolidated salary of Rs. 10,00,000/- p.m. 
(Ten Lacs per month).   
In accordance with the provisions of Sections 197, 198 & other applicable provisions of the Act, read with Schedule V to the 
said Act, the proposed appointment and the terms of remuneration payable to Mr. Shivom Singla (DIN: 03615519), require 
approval of members by passing Special Resolution. Hence, the members are requested to pass the Special Resolution 
accordingly. 
The Board recommends the resolution for member approval by way of special resolution, provided that such remuneration or 
variation or increase in remuneration may be beyond the specified limit as specified under the relevant provisions of Section 
197,198 and Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013.
Further, where in any financial year during the currency of his tenure, the Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, 
the remuneration payable to Mr. Shivom Singla (DIN: 03615519), Whole Time Director will be payable in accordance 
with Section II of Part II of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 with liberty to the Board / Committee to decide the 
remuneration from time to time in consultation with the Whole Time Director.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board have evaluated Mr. Shivom Singla’s qualifications, experience, 
and performance and are of the view that the revised remuneration is commensurate with his contribution and aligns with 
industry standards.
=== PAGE 27 ===
21
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
The Board accordingly recommends the Special Resolution set out in Item No. 12 of the Notice for the approval of the 
members. Except Mr. Shivom Singla, Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla, and Mr. Raja Singla, none of the other Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel, or their relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution.
 item no. 13:
The Board on the recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee at its meeting held on 13th August, 
2025 approved the increase in remuneration of Mr. Udit Singla Whole Time Director (DIN: 03526575) and Key Managerial 
Personal of the Company. Pursuant to Section 197, 198 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, (the 
Act) and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 read with Schedule V of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory modification(s) or reenactment thereof for the time being in force. 
The Board of Directors/Committee has recommended the payment of remuneration for the period from 1st October, 2025 to 
30th September, 2028 as set out herein below:
a.  salary: Rs. 13,50,000/- per month plus
b.  Other Benefits, Perquisites and allowances: -
  i) Gratuity paid or payable in accordance with the Gratuity Act
  ii)  Insurance for health, accident, officer’s liability etc. by company
  iii)  Contribution towards National Pension Scheme by Company
  iv)  Bonus paid or payable as per rules of the company and applicable laws.
  v)  Leave Encashment in accordance with rules of company. w.e.f. 1st October, 2025,
Subject to increase as and when required on the basis of recommendation of Nomination & Remuneration Committee but not 
exceeding a sum of Rs. 20,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty Lacs) per month including all other benefits, Perquisites and allowances. 
The salary is proposed to be increased from current consolidated salary of Rs. 10,00,000/- p.m (Ten Lacs per month).  
In accordance with the provisions of Sections 197, 198 & other applicable provisions of the Act, read with Schedule V to 
the said Act, the proposed remuneration payable Mr. Udit Singla (DIN: 03526575), require approval of members by passing 
Special Resolution. Hence, the members are requested to pass the Special Resolution accordingly. 
The Board recommends the resolution for member approval by way of special resolution, provided that such remuneration or 
variation or increase in remuneration may be beyond the specified limit as specified under the relevant provisions of Section 
196, 197 and Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013. 
Further where in any financial year during the currency of his tenure, the Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, 
the remuneration payable to Mr. Udit Singla (DIN: 03526575), Whole Time Director will be payable in accordance with 
Section II of Part II of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 with liberty to the Board / Committee to decide the remuneration 
from time to time in consultation with the Whole Time Director.
Both the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board were of the opinion, after evaluation of his qualifications, 
experience and other attributes, that increase of his remuneration is at par with his performance during the last year. None of 
the Directors or Key Management Personnel  of the company are interested in this resolution except Mr. Suresh Chand Singla, 
Ms. Supriya Singla and Mr. Udit Singla.
item no. 14
Mr. Debendra Kumar Sabat (DIN: 00802225), was appointed as an Additional Non-Executive Independent Director in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 161 of the Companies Act,2013 on 13th August, 2025. Pursuant to Section 161 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 the above director holds office up to the date of the ensuing Annual General Meeting. 
Further, based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors has approved 
and recommended the regularization of Mr. Debendra Kumar Sabat's appointment as an Independent Non-Executive Director, 
for term of five consecutive years i.e. upto August 12, 2030, for approval of the Members of the Company. 
The Company has also received a declaration from Mr. Debendra Kumar Sabat declaring that he meets the criteria of 
independence as provided under the provisions of Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013. In the opinion of the Board, 
Mr. Debendra Kumar Sabat fulfills the conditions required to be fulfilled for being appointed as an Independent Director of 
the Company as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) 
Regulation, 2015. 
=== PAGE 28 ===
22
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs) and members (being relative as per Companies Act and rules 
thereunder) in the proposed resolution, except Mr. Debendra Kumar Sabat, to the extent of his appointment.
The requisite details of Mr. Debendra Kumar Sabat, as required under Secretarial Standard-2 and SEBI Listing Regulations, 
are annexed to this Notice. The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 14 of the Notice for approval 
by the Members.
Item no. 15
The Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company in their respective meetings held on 13th August, 2025 have 
approved the transactions given in Table-A of the explanatory statement and pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23(4) 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations, Section 188 to the extent applicable and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act 
read with Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 and Company’s Policy on Related Party Transactions, 
the related party transactions (RPT) with related parties will become material as it is likely to exceed 10% of the annual 
consolidated turnover of the Company as per the last audited financial statements of the Company, which either individually 
or taken together with previous transaction(s) during a financial year. In view of the threshold for determining materiality of 
related party transactions, require prior approval of the Shareholders and in order to facilitate the operations of the Company, 
the Company seeks the approval of Shareholders by passing an ordinary resolution. 
The Company, in order to further its business interests enters into various transactions with the related parties, the estimated 
value of transactions with the related parties as defined under section 2(76) of the Act and other applicable Regulations of the 
Listing Regulations, are expected to exceed the materiality threshold as stated above. 
Pursuant to rule 15 of the Companies (Meeting of Board and its Powers) rules, 2014, as amendedtill date and seBi/
HO/CFd/Pod2/Cir/P/0155 dated november 11, 2024, particulars of the proposedtransactions are as follows: -
TABLe-A
Sl.
NO. PArTiCuLArs deTAiLs
1. Name of the related party and 
its relationship withthe listed 
entity or its subsidiary, including 
natureof its concern or interest 
(financial or otherwise)
name of the related Party
Phoenix Bio Sciences Private 
Limited
relationship
Mr. Raja Singla and Mr. Shivom 
Singla are common directors.
name of the related Party
Peptech Biosciences Limited (PBL)
relationship
PBL is anassociate of the Company. 
The Company holds 36.87% of paid-
up equity share capital of Peptech 
Biosciences Limited
(PBL).
name of the related Party
Stalwart Nutritions Private Limited 
relationship
Mr. Raja Singla and Mr. Shivom 
Singla and Mr. Udit Singla are the 
common directors.
2. Name of the director or key 
managerial personnelwho is 
related, if any, and nature of 
relationship
Mr. Raja Singla and Mr. Shivom 
Singla are sons of Mr. Naresh 
Kumar Singla, who is Managing 
Director of the Listed Entity.
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla,  
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla, Mrs. 
Manju Singla, Mr. Rohit Jain,  
Mr. Udit Singla, Ms. Supriya 
Singla are the Common director in 
both the entities.
Mr. Raja Singla and Mr. Shivom 
Singla are sons of Mr. Naresh 
Kumar Singla, who is Managing 
Director of the Listed Entity and 
Further Mr. Udit Singla is 
the Son of Mr. Suresh Chand 
Singla, Managing Director of the 
Company & Mrs. Manju Singla, 
Director of the Company and he is 
also Brother of Ms. Supriya Singla, 
Director of the Company.
3. Type, tenure, material terms 
and particulars of the proposed 
transaction.
The proposed transaction involves 
the purchase of biological products 
by the Company for use in its 
manufacturing operations.
Type of Transaction:
Purchase of goods (biological 
products)
Tenure:
Two financial years, commencing 
from the date of approval.
estimated Value:
For FY 2025–26: Approximately 
Rs. 40 Crores
For FY 2026–27: Approximately 
Rs. 50 Crores
Type of Transaction:
Granting of loan
Tenure: For two years from the 
date of approval. 
estimated Value: For FY 2025–
26: Approximately Rs.
30 Crores
For FY 2026–27: proximately Rs. 
35 Crores
Type of Transaction:
Purchase and sale of goods
estimated Value: For FY 2025–
26: Approximately Rs. 25 Crores
For FY 2025–26: Approximately 
Rs. 30 Crores
Tenure:For two years from the 
date of approval. 
=== PAGE 29 ===
23
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Sl.
NO. PArTiCuLArs deTAiLs
Material Terms:
The goods will be procured at 
prevailing market prices
Transactions will be conducted in 
the ordinary course of business and 
on an arm’s length basis.
This arrangement ensures 
uninterrupted supply of critical 
raw materials and supports the 
Company’s operational efficiency 
and production planning.
Material Terms:
The Company willprovide loans, 
advances, and guarantees to PBL 
for business purposes and it will be 
extended on an arm’s length basis
The interest charged will be in 
compliance with the provisions 
of Section 186 ofthe Companies 
Act, 2013 and other applicable 
provisions of the Act. 
The transaction will be carried out 
in the ordinary course of business 
and is in the best interest of the 
Company
Material Terms:
The transaction involves the 
purchase and sale of goods in 
connection with the ordinary 
business operations of both 
entities.
All transactions will be conducted 
on an arm’s length basis and at 
prevailing market prices
The terms and conditions, 
including payment schedules 
and delivery timelines, shall be 
governed by standard commercial 
agreements entered into between 
the parties.
The transaction is in the ordinary 
course of business and supports 
operational efficiency and supply 
chain optimization.
4. Value of Transaction The Company estimates that the 
monetary value for transactions 
at above and allied transactionsi) 
for FY2025-26 to be up to Rs. 40 
crore, ii) for FY 2026-27 to be up 
to Rs.50 crore
The Company estimates that the 
monetary value for transactions 
at above and allied transactionsi) 
for FY2025-26 to be up to Rs. 30 
crore, ii) for FY 2026-27 to be up 
to Rs. 35 crore
The Company estimates that the 
monetary value for transactions 
at above and allied transactionsi) 
for FY2025-26 to be up to Rs. 25 
crore, ii) for FY 2026-27 to be up 
to Rs. 30 crore
5. The percentage of the listed 
entity’s annual consolidated 
turnover, for the immediately 
preceding financial year, that is 
represented by the value of the 
proposed transaction (and for a 
RPT involving a subsidiary, such 
percentage calculated on the 
basis of the subsidiary’s annual 
turnover on a standalone basis 
shall be additionally provided)
The estimated transaction value at 
4 above for FY2025-26 represents:
a) 31.96 % of annual 
consolidated turnover of the 
Company for FY2024-25;
b) Clause not  Applicable as the 
Company does not have any 
subsidiary.
The estimated transaction value at 
4 above for FY2025-26 represents:
15.97 % of annual consolidated 
turnover of the Company for 
FY2024-25;
Clause not  Applicable as the 
Company does not have any 
subsidiary.
The estimated transaction value at 
4 above for FY2025-26 represents:
15.97 % of annual consolidated 
turnover of the Company for 
FY2024-25;
Clause not  Applicable as the 
Company does not have any 
subsidiary.
6. Details of transaction relating 
to any loans, intercorporate 
deposits, advances or 
investmentsmade or given by 
the listed entity or its subsidiary
i. details of the source of 
funds in connection with 
the proposed transaction
ii. where any financial 
indebtednessis incurred to 
make or give loans,inter-
corporate deposits, 
advances orinvestments,
• nature of 
indebtedness;
• cost of funds; and
• tenure;
iii. applicable terms, 
including covenants, 
tenure, interest rate and 
repaymentschedule,  
whether secured 
orunsecured; if secured, the 
nature ofsecurity; and
iv. the purpose for which the 
funds will beutilized by the 
ultimate beneficiary ofsuch 
funds pursuant to the RPT
Not Applicable i. Own Funds
ii. Not Applicable
iii.  Loans:
Tenure – upto3 years
interest rate – charged in 
compliance with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013.
nature – Unsecured
investments
In compliance with the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013.
iv. General corporate purpose
Not Applicable
=== PAGE 30 ===
24
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Sl.
NO. PArTiCuLArs deTAiLs
7. Justification as to why the RPT 
is in the interest of the listed 
entity
The listed entity requires 
biological products as a key input 
for its manufacturing operations. 
Phoenix Bio Sciences Private 
Limited, being a specialized 
and reliable producer of such 
biological products, is well-
positioned to meet the specific 
quality, regulatory, and supply 
requirements of the listed entity.
Entering into a transaction with 
Phoenix Bio Sciences ensures 
consistency in supply, quality 
assurance, and operational 
efficiency.
The listed entity, being an 
associate company of Peptech 
Biosciences Limited (PBL), 
proposes to extend a loan to PBL 
to support its general corporate 
purposes. PBL is engaged in the 
manufacturing of fertilizers, bio-
fertilizers, pesticides and related 
products.
The proposed transaction with 
Stalwart Nutritions Private 
Limited involves the purchase 
and sale of goods that are directly 
related to the core business 
activities of the listed entity. 
Stalwart Nutritions has 
the necessary capabilities, 
infrastructure, and track record to 
ensure timely supply and quality 
assurance of the required goods. 
Engaging in transactions with a 
known and reliable entity helps 
maintain operational efficiency, 
cost-effectiveness, and supply 
chain continuity. 
Therefore, the transaction is in 
the best interest of the listed 
entity and supports its ongoing 
business activities and strategic 
objectives.
Supporting PBL's operations 
contributes to the overall growth 
and value chain integration of the 
group. Therefore, the transaction 
is in the strategic and commercial 
interest of the listed entity and is 
proposed to be carried out on an 
arm’s length basis.
Since the transaction will be 
undertaken in the ordinary course 
of business and on an arm’s 
length basis, it is considered to 
be in the best interest of the listed 
entity.
8. Any valuation or other external 
report relied upon by the 
listed entity in relation to the 
transactions
Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable
9. Any other information relevant 
or important forthe Meeting 
to take a decision on the 
proposedtransaction
All relevant / important 
information forms part of this 
Statement setting out material 
facts pursuant to Section 102(1) 
of the Companies Act, 2013.
All relevant / important 
information forms part of this 
Statement setting out material 
facts pursuant to Section 102(1) 
of the Companies Act, 2013.
All relevant / important 
information forms part of this 
Statement setting out material 
facts pursuant to Section 102(1) 
of the Companies Act, 2013.
Pursuant to Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, members may also note that no related party of the Company shall 
vote to approve the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 15 whether the entity is a related partyto the particular transaction 
or not.
Except for Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla, Mr. Suresh Chand Singla, Mrs. Manju Singla Mr. Raja Singla, Mr. Shivom Singla, 
Mr. Udit Singla, Ms. Supriya Singla with their relative(s) (they being common director / key managerial personnel between 
Company and Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Limited, Peptech Biosciences Limited and Stalwart Nutritions Private Limited) 
and any other entity interested in the above transaction.
Further, none of the otherdirectors / KMP of the Company and their relatives areconcerned or interested, financially or 
otherwise in the resolution set out at Item No. 15 of the notice except tothe extent of their shareholding, if any, in the Company.
The Board recommends passing of this OrdinaryResolution as set out at Item No. 15 of this Notice, foryour approval.
             By Order of the Board
   For Titan Biotech Limited
   Charanjit singh
date: August 13, 2025  Company secretary
Place: Delhi  ACs 12726
=== PAGE 31 ===
25
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
AddiTiOnAL inFOrMATiOn OF THe direCTOr/MAnAGer seeKinG APPOinTMenT/re-APPOinTMenT in THe 33 rd AGM PursuAnT TO 
THe PrOVisiOns OF reGuLATiOn 36 OF seBi LisTinG reGuLATiOns, As AMended And CLAuse 1.2.5 OF seCreTAriAL sTAndArds On 
GenerAL MeeTinGs Are As under:
(Pursuant to Regulation 36 (3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard 2 issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India)
name of director Mrs. Manju singla Mr. raja singla Mr. udit singla Mr. naresh Kumar 
singla
Mr. suresh Chand 
singla Mr. shivom singla debendra Kumar sabat
DIN 00027790 03523719 03526575 00027448 00027706 03615519 00802225
Designation/ category 
of the Director
DirectorNon-Executive 
Director
Whole Time Director 
Executive Director 
Whole Time Director 
Executive Director
Managing Director
Executive Director 
Managing Director
Executive Director 
Whole Time Director 
Executive Director
Independent Director
Non-Executive
Date of Birth/ Age 06.07.1964 (61 Years) 08.01.1989 (36 Years) 20.09.1991 (34 
Years)
05.05.1959 (66 Years) 26.07.1960 (65 Years) 19.03.1992 (31 Years) 08.07.1969
(56 Years)
Date of Appointment/ 
applicable, date of first 
appointment on the 
Board
23.06.2001 01.10.2022 01.10.2023 01.05.2002 01.10.2012 01.10.2023 13.08.2025
Educational  
Qualifications
Bachelor of Commerce 
(B.Com)
Bachelor of 
Technology in 
Industrial Production
Bachelor of 
Technology
Bachelor of Commerce Bachelor of Arts Financial & Investment 
Analysis
from Amity University
L.L.B. from Berhampur 
University, Odisha in 2006.
B. Com. (Hons.) from 
Berhampur University, Odisha 
in 1990.
Passed Intermediate from 
Institute of Company Secretaries 
of India.
Brief Profile/ 
Experience and 
Expertise in specific 
Functional Area
Experienced in 
marketing goods, 
delivering presentations, 
and promoting products 
to enhance brand 
visibility and drive 
sales.
Mr. Raja Singla 
currently serves as the 
Whole-Time Director 
of the Company. He 
plays a key role in 
overseeing day-to-
day operations and 
strategic decision-
making. 
Mr. Udit Singla is 
currently hold the 
position of Whole-
Time Director 
with effect from 
October 1, 2023.  
Prior to this, he 
served as Vice 
President – Media of 
the Company.
He possesses expertise 
in Accounts, Finance, 
Project Development, 
and Implementation, 
with a strong focus on 
financial planning and 
execution of strategic 
initiatives.
He has expertise in 
Production and Quality 
Control of Microbiological 
Culture Media, Media 
Bases, and other biological 
products
He is also well-versed 
in product marketing 
and brand building, 
contributing to both 
operational excellence and 
market growth.
Mr. Shivom Singla 
is currently hold the 
position of Whole-
Time Director with 
effect from October 1, 
2023.
Prior to this, he served 
as Vice President – 
Bulk Division of the 
Company. 
D. K. Sabat is a practicing 
Advocate since May 2006, 
enrolled with the Supreme 
Court of India and High Court 
of Delhi. He served as Central 
Government Counsel at the 
Supreme Court (2019–2022) 
and has represented various 
government bodies, including 
EPFO, PFRDA, University 
of Delhi, and Armed Forces 
Tribunal
He has worked with SFIO as 
Consultant (Law) and served as a 
Guest Faculty at the Delhi Police 
Training Center.
=== PAGE 32 ===
26
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25 name of director Mrs. Manju singla Mr. raja singla Mr. udit singla Mr. naresh Kumar 
singla
Mr. suresh Chand 
singla Mr. shivom singla debendra Kumar sabat
Further, He has 
good of experience 
in Culture Media 
Marketing, with a 
focus on strategic 
media planning and 
brand promotion.
. He has extensive 
experience in bulk 
operations, having 
worked with Phoenix 
Bio Sciences Pvt. Ltd. 
and Titan Biotech 
Ltd., bringing strong 
expertise in managing 
bulk production and 
related processes.
 He regularly appears before 
NCLT, NCLAT, Consumer 
Forums, IP Tribunals, DRTs, 
and Arbitration forums and he 
is also a Notary Public.
Prior to legal practice, he 
worked in finance, taxation, and 
corporate law for over 12 years. 
Terms and Conditions 
of appointment
Appointment as 
Director of the 
Company,
liable to retire by 
rotation.
Appointment as 
Whole Time Director 
of the Company,
liable to retire by 
rotation.
Appointment as 
Whole Time 
Director of the 
Company,liable to 
retire by rotation.
Mr. Naresh Kumar 
Singla was appointed 
as Managing Director, 
with his current term set 
to expire on March 31, 
2026.
It is now proposed to re-
appoint him as Managing 
Director (Executive 
Director) for a further 
period of five (5) years, 
effective from April 1, 
2026 to March 31, 2031.
The appointee shall not 
be liable to retire by 
rotation.
Further details are set out 
in Explanatory
Statement to Item No. 9
Mr. Suresh Chand 
Singla was appointed as 
Managing Director, with 
his current term set to 
expire on March 31, 2026.
It is now proposed to re-
appoint him as Managing 
Director (Executive 
Director) for a further 
period of five (5) years, 
effective from April 1, 
2026 to March 31, 2031.
The appointee shall not be 
liable to retire by rotation.
Further details are set out 
in Explanatory
Statement to Item No. 10
Not Applicable 
Further details 
regarding the 
proposed increase 
in remuneration of 
Mr. Shivom Singla 
are provided in the 
Explanatory Statement 
under Item No. 12
Appointed in the category of 
Non-Executive Independent 
Director for a period of 5 (Five) 
years as per approved terms of 
appointment.
Remuneration Last 
Drawn (Per Annum)
Not Applicable INR 1,20,00,000 
(Indian Rupees One 
Crore and Twenty 
Lakhs Only) 
INR 1,20,00,000 
(Indian Rupees One 
Crore and Twenty 
Lakhs Only) 
INR 48,00,000
(Indian Rupees Forty 
Eight Lacs Only)
INR 48,00,000
(Indian Rupees Forty 
Eight Lacs Only)
INR 1,20,00,000 
(Indian Rupees One 
Crore and Twenty 
Lakhs Only) 
Not Applicable
Details of 
remuneration sought 
to be paid
Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Please refer to item 
9 of the Explanatory 
Statement
Please refer to item 10 of 
the Explanatory Statement
Please refer to item 
12 of the Explanatory 
Statement
Not Applicable
Shareholding in the 
Company including 
shareholding as a 
beneficial owner
71,210 Equity Shares 
held in her name
61,100 Equity Shares 
held in his own name
50,000 Equity Shares 
held in his own name
34,510 Equity Shares 
held in his own name
1,05,671 Equity Shares 
held in his own name
35,400 Equity Shares 
held in his own name
Nil
=== PAGE 33 ===
27
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
name of director Mrs. Manju singla Mr. raja singla Mr. udit singla Mr. naresh Kumar 
singla
Mr. suresh Chand 
singla Mr. shivom singla debendra Kumar sabat
Relationship with 
other directors and 
KMPs of the Company
• Wife of Mr. Suresh 
Chand Singla.
• Mother of  
Ms. Supriya Singla & 
Mr. Udit Singla
• Son of Mr. 
Naresh Kumar 
Singla
• Brother of Mr. 
Shivom Singla
•  Son of  Mr. 
Suresh Chand 
Singla & Mrs.
Manju Singla
• Brother of  
Ms. Supriya 
Singla
• Father of Mr. 
Raja Singla & Mr. 
Shivom Singla
• Husband of Mrs. Manju 
Singla.
• Father of Ms. Supriya 
Singla & Mr. Udit Singla
• Son of Mr. Naresh 
Kumar Singla.
• Brother of Mr. Raja 
Singla
Not Applicable
No. of Meetings of 
Board attended during 
the Year
14 out of 14 14 out of 14 14 out of 12 14 out of 14 14 out of 9 14 out of 12 Not Applicable
Name of Listed 
Companies in which 
hold Directorship 
(excluding this entity)
Titan Securities
Limited
Not Applicable Not Applicable Titan Securities
Limited
Titan Securities
Limited
Not Applicable Not Applicable
Name of listed entities 
from which the person 
has resigned in the 
past three years
Not Applicable He has resigned from 
Titan Biotech Limited 
wef 18
th July, 2019.
Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Chairman/Member 
of the Committees of 
Board of Directors of 
Indian Companies
Please refer Corporate 
Governance Report
Nil Nil Please refer Corporate 
Governance Report
Please refer Corporate 
Governance Report
Nil Nil
In the case of 
independent directors, 
the skills and 
capabilities required 
for the role and the 
manner in which the 
proposed person meets 
such requirements
Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable The role and capabilities as 
required in the case of an 
independent director are well 
defined in the Policy of company. 
Further, the Board has a defined 
list of core skills/expertise/ 
competencies, in the context 
of its business, management 
and sector for it to function 
effectively. 
The Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee of the 
Board has evaluated the profile 
of Mr. debendra Kumar 
sabat and concluded that he 
possess the relevant skill and 
capabilities to discharge the role 
of Independent Director of the 
Company.
=== PAGE 34 ===
28
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25 name of director Mrs. Manju singla Mr. raja singla Mr. udit singla Mr. naresh Kumar 
singla
Mr. suresh Chand 
singla Mr. shivom singla debendra Kumar sabat
Directorships held 
in other (excluding 
foreign) Companies
1. Titan Securities 
Limited
2. Tanita Leasing & 
Finance Limited
3. Simtex Mart 
Private Limited
4. Peptech 
Biosciences 
Limited
1. Titan Animal 
Nutrition Private 
Limited
2. Titan Agritech 
Limited
3. Emprise 
Productions Private 
Limited
4. Phoenix 
Biosciences Private 
Limited
5. Stalwart Nutritions 
Private Limited
1. Titan Animal 
Nutrition Private 
Limited
2. Peptech 
Biosciences 
Limited
3. Titan Agritech 
Limited
4. Stalwart 
Nutritions 
Private Limited
1. Titan Media Limited
2. Titan AgritechLimited
3. Tanita Leasing & 
Finance Limited
4. Titan Securities 
Limited
5. Connoisseur 
Management Services 
Private Limited
6. Peptech Biosciences 
Limited
7. Tee Eer Securities And 
Financial Services 
Private Limited
1. Simtex  Mart Private 
Limited
2. Suptex Industries 
Private Limited
3. Peptech Biosciences 
Limited
4. Titan Securities 
Limited
5. Titan Media Limited
6. Tanita Leasing & 
Finance Limited
7. Tee Eer Securities 
And Financial 
Services Private 
Limited
8. Connoisseur 
Management 
Services Private 
Limited
1. Titan Animal 
Nutrition Private 
Limited
2. Phoenix 
Biosciences 
Private Limited
3. Stalwart 
Nutritions 
Private Limited
Emprise 
Productions 
Private Limited
Not applicable
=== PAGE 35 ===
29
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
REPORT
=== PAGE 36 ===
30
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
COrPOrATe GOVernAnCe rePOrT
The Corporate Governance Report has been prepared in compliance with the requirements of Regulations 34(3) read with 
Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended.
1. COrPOrATe GOVernAnCe
Titan Biotech Limited (‘TBL’s’ or ‘the company’) believes that timely disclosures, transparent accounting policies coupled 
with a strong and independent board go a long way in maintaining good corporate governance, preserving shareholders’ trust 
and maximizing long-term corporate value. The company’s corporate governance framework is based on the following main 
principles:
• Appropriate composition, diversity and size of the board, with each director bringing in key expertise in different areas.
• Proactive flow of accurate information to members of the board and board committees to enable effective discharge of 
fiduciary duties.
• Ethical business conduct by the board, management and employees.
• Well-developed systems of internal controls, risk management and financial reporting.
• Protection and facilitation of shareholders’ rights.
• Adequate, timely and accurate disclosure of all material operational and financial information to stakeholders.
In India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) regulates corporate governance for listed companies through 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations). We are in full compliance 
with all the applicable provisions of SEBI’s corporate governance norms. 
Material Topic TBL Approach
Company's Philosophy On Code Of Governance Corporate Governance is about maximizing shareholders value 
legally, ethically and sustainably with a goal to ensure fairness for 
every stakeholder. We are dedicated to ensure to adopt and attain 
the best practices in Corporate Governance.
The Company believes in ensuring corporate fairness, transparency, 
professionalism, accountability and propriety in the functioning 
of the Company, and believes that these are pre-requisites for 
attaining sustainable growth in this competitive corporate world.
The Company is in compliance with the requirements stipulated 
under Regulation 17 to 27 read with Schedule V and clauses (b) 
to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), 
as applicable, with regard to corporate governance.
Avoidance of Conflict of Interest Chairman of the Board and Committees are Non Executive 
Director  and separate from Managing Director (MD).
shareholders’ Communications The Board recognize the importance of two-way communication 
with shareholders, giving a balanced report of results and progress 
and responding to questions and issues raised. Shareholders 
seeking information related to their shareholding may contact 
the Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agents, details of which 
are available on the Company’s website. Titan Biotech Limited 
ensures that complaints of its shareholders are responded to 
promptly. Important shareholder information is available on the 
website of the Company.
Governance / ethics Policies At Titan Biotech Limited, we strive to conduct our business and 
strengthen our relationships in a manner that is dignified, distinctive 
and responsible. We adhere to ethical standards to ensure integrity, 
transparency, independence and accountability in dealing with all
=== PAGE 37 ===
31
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
the stakeholders. Therefore, we have adopted various codes and 
policies to carry out our duties in an ethical manner. Some of these 
codes and policies are:
• Corporate Social Responsibility Policy
• Materiality Policy
• Policy on Succession Planning for the Board and Senior 
Management
• Policy on Material Subsidiary
• Risk Management Policy
• Policy for Determination of Material Events and 
Information
• Policy on Preservation of Documents
• Code of Conduct For Prevention of Insider Trading
• Policy on Board Diversity
• Terms and Conditions of Appointment of Independent 
Directors
• Policy for Determining Material Subsidiaries
• Content Archiving Policy
• Code of Conduct for Board of Directors and Senior 
Management
• Nomination and Remuneration Policy
• Related Party Transaction Policy
• Policy for Prevention of Sexual Harassment
• Vigil Mechanism Policy
• Familiarization Programme for Independent Directors
role of the Company secretary in overall 
Governance Process
The Company Secretary plays a key role in ensuring that the 
Board (including its Committees thereof) procedures are followed 
and regularly reviewed. The Company Secretary ensures that all 
relevant information, details and documents are made available 
to the Directors and senior management for effective decision-
making at the meetings. The Company Secretary is primarily 
responsible to assist and advice the Board in the conduct of affairs 
of the Company, to ensure compliance with applicable statutory 
requirements, to provide guidance to the Directors and to facilitate 
convening of meetings. The Company Secretary interfaces between 
the management and regulatory authorities for governance matters.
2. dATe OF rePOr T
 The information provided in this Report on Corporate Governance for the purpose of unanimity is as on March 31, 
2025. This Report is updated as on the date of the Report wherever applicable.
3. BOArd OF direCTOrs:
 I. As on March 31, 2025, the Company has 11(eleven) Directors. Out of the 11(eleven) Directors, Six (6) (i.e. 
54.5 percent) are Non-Executive Directors out of which four (i.e. 66.6 percent) are Independent Directors 
including women directors. The composition of the Board is in conformity with Regulation 17 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations read with Section 149 and 152 of the Act.
 II. None of the Directors on the Board:
  •  holds directorships in more than ten public companies;
  •  serves as Director or as independent directors in more than seven listed entities; and who are the Executive 
Directors serves as independent directors in more than three listed entities.
  Necessary disclosures regarding Committee positions in other public companies as on March 31, 2025 have been 
made by the Directors. None of the Independent Directors is related to each other.
 III. Independent Directors are non-executive directors as defined under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and Section 149(6) of the Act along with rules framed thereunder. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of 
SEBI Listing Regulations, they have confirmed that they are not aware of any circumstance or situation which 
exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties. Based 
on the declarations received from the Independent Directors, the Board of Directors has confirmed that they meet 
=== PAGE 38 ===
32
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
the criteria of independence as mentioned under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations and that they are independent of the management. Further, the Independent Directors have 
included their names in the data bank of Independent Directors maintained with the Indian Institute of Corporate 
Affairs in terms of Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of 
Directors) Rules, 2014.
 IV . Fourteen (14) Board Meetings were held during the year under review and the gap between two meetings did 
not exceed one hundred and twenty days. The said meetings were held on the following dates:
25
th April, 2024, 29th May, 2024, 26th July, 2024, 10th August, 2024, 3rd september, 2024, 21st september, 2024, 
15th October, 2024, 11 th november, 2024, 12 th november, 2024, 4 th december, 2024, 16 th december, 2024, 
14th January, 2025, 12th February, 2025, and 24th March, 2025. The necessary quorum was present for all the 
meetings.
 V.  The names and categories of the directors on the Board, their attendance at Board Meetings held during the year 
under review and at the last Annual General Meeting (“AGM”), name of other listed entities in which the Director 
is a director and the number of Directorships and Committee Chairmanships/Memberships held by them in other 
public limited companies as on March 31, 2025 are given herein below. Other directorships include directorships 
of private limited companies, OPC and companies registered under Section 8 of the Act. Further, none of them 
is a member of more than ten committees or chairman of more than five committees across all the public limited 
companies in which he/she is a director. For the purpose of determination of limit of the Board Committees, 
chairpersonship and membership of the Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee has been 
considered as per Regulation 26(1)(b) of SEBI Listing Regulations.
  Number of Directorships and Committee Membership, Chairmanships held in Companies as on 31
st March, 2025 
as mentioned in Table 1 and attendance of Directors are mentioned in Table 2:
Table 1: The Composition of the Board and other directorships held as on March 31, 2025
Name of the
Director with DIN
Category Number of Outside Directorships, Commit-
tee Chairpersonships and Memberships of 
Public Limited Companies, 
as on March 31, 2025
Name of Listed
Entities 
Category of di-
rectorship
in other Listed
Companies
Director-
ships
Committee
Chairpersonships
Committee
Memberships
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla
(DIN: 00027448)                        
Promoter & Executive
(Managing Director)
5 0 2 Titan Securities 
Limited 
Non-Executive 
Director
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla
(DIN: 00027706)
Promoter & Executive
(Managing Director)
4 0 3 Titan Securities 
Limited
Non-Executive 
Director
Mr. Raja Singla
(DIN: 03523719)
Promoter & Executive
(Whole Time Director)
1 0 0 Nil NA
Mrs. Manju Singla 
(DIN:  00027790)
Promoter & Non Executive, 
Non-Independent 
Woman Director
4 0 1 Titan Securities 
Limited
Executive 
(Managing
Director)
Ms. Supriya Singla
(DIN:03526583)
Promoter & Non Executive, 
Non-Independent
2 0 0 Nil Na
Mr. Rohit Jain
(DIN:07191154)
Non-Executive  Independent      
(Chairman)     
1 2 0 Nil NA
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal
(DIN: 07286832)
Non-Executive  Independent      Nil 0 0 Nil NA
Mr. Udit Singla 
(DIN-03526575)
Executive
(Whole Time Director)
2 0 0 Ni NA
Mr. Shivom Singla 
(DIN-03615519)
Executive
(Whole Time Director)
0 0 0 Nil NA
Mr. Dhairya Madan 
(DIN-10284820)
Non-Executive Independent 0 0 0 Ni NA
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh
(DIN-10297977)
Non-Executive Independent 0 0 0 Nil NA
note:
  1. Only covers Membership / Chairpersonship of Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee of Public Limited 
Companies.
  2. The Committee membership or Chairmanship of our Company is not included in above table.
  3. None of the Directors (i) hold membership in more than ten public limited companies; (ii) is a member of more than ten committees 
or chairperson of more than five committees across all the public companies in which he/she is a Director;(iii) hold directorship in 
more than seven listed companies and serve as an independent director in more than seven listed companies; and (iv) hold position of 
independent director in more than three listed entities while serving as managing director or whole time director in a listed entity.
=== PAGE 39 ===
33
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
  4.  Mr. Debendra Kumar Sabat with DIN No. 00802225 was appointed as additional independent director with effect from 13th August,  
2025 who shall hold office upto this AGM. Further, his appointment is proposed in AGM for a period of 5 years.
  Table 2: Attendance at the Board Meetings and Annual General Meeting during financial year 2024-25
Name of Director  & DIN        
Attendance Particulars
Attendance at the last 
AGM
Ceased as 
Directors
No. of Board
Meeting entitled to 
attend 
No. of Board
Meeting attended 
% of 
Attendance
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla
(DIN: 00027448)
14 14 100 Yes NA
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla
(DIN: 00027706)
14 9 64.3 Yes NA
Mrs. Manju Singla 
( D I N :   0 0 0 2 7 7 9 0 )                                         
14 14 100 No NA
Ms. Supriya Singla
(DIN: 03526583 )
14 11 78.5 Yes NA
Mr. Dhairya Madan 
(DIN:10284820)
14 12 85.7 Yes NA
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh
(DIN: 10297977)
14 14 100 Yes NA
Mr. Rohit Jain
(DIN: 07191154)
14 7 50 Yes NA
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal
(DIN: 07286832) 
14 13 92.8 Yes NA
Mr. Raja Singla
(DIN: 03523719) 
14 14 100 Yes NA
Mr. Udit Singla 
(DIN: 03526575)
14 12 85.7 Yes NA
Mr. Shivom Singla 
(DIN: 03615519)
14 12 85.7 Yes NA
 VI. During FY 2025, information as mentioned in Part A of Schedule II of the SEBI Listing Regulations, has been 
placed before the Board for its consideration. 
 VII. During FY 2025, one meeting of the Independent Directors was held on 12
th February, 2025. The Independent 
Directors, inter-alia, reviewed the performance of Non-Independent Directors, Board as a whole and Chairman of 
the Company, taking into account the views of Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors.
 VIII. The Board periodically reviews the compliance reports of all laws applicable to the Company.
 IX. Details of equity shares of the Company held by the Directors as on March 31, 2025 of different categories are 
given below in Table 3, 4, and 5:
Table 3:  details of equity shares of the Company held by the non-executive directors as on March 31, 2025
Non-Executive Director No. of Equity Shares held No. of Convertible Instruments Held
Ms. Supriya Singla 54,493 Nil
Mrs. Manju Singla 71,210 Nil
  Table 4:  details of equity shares of the Company held by the executive directors as on March 31, 2025
Executive Director No. of Equity Shares held No. of Convertible Instruments Held
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla                      34,510 Nil
Mr. Suresh Chand  Singla 1,05,671 Nil
Mr. Raja Singla 61,100 Nil
Mr. Udit Singla 50,000 Nil
Mr. Shivom Singla 35,400 Nil
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 40 ===
34
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
  Table 5:  details of equity shares of the Company held by the non-executive independent directors as on 
March 31, 2025
Non-Executive Independent Director No. of Equity Shares held No. of Convertible Instruments Held
Mr. Dhairya Madan Nil Nil
Mr. Rohit Jain Nil Nil
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal Nil Nil
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh Nil Nil
 X. Disclosure of relationships between directors inter-se during the year 2024-2025:
  Table 6:  details of relationship among directors inter se during the year 2024-25
Director Relatives Relationship
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla Mrs. Manju Singla Spouse
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla Ms. Supriya Singla Daughter
Mrs. Manju Singla Ms. Supriya Singla Daughter
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla Mr. Raja Singla Son
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla Mr. Shivom Singla Son
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla Mr. Udit Singla Son
Mr. Raja Singla Mr. Shivom Singla Brother
Mr. Udit Singla Ms. Supriya Singla Brother
 XI. No Independent Director has resigned during the financial year under review
 XII. Chart setting Out the skill/expertise/Competence of The Board of director
       In compliance with the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Board has identified the following skills / expertise / 
competencies fundamental for the effective functioning of the Company which are taken into consideration by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee while recommending appointment of any candidate to the Board of the 
Company. Company has identified the core skill/expertise/competence as required in context of its business for it 
to function effectively as per given list as mentioned in below Chart 1:
  The eligibility of a person to be appointed as a Director of the Company is dependent on whether the person 
possesses the requisite skill sets identified by the Board as above and whether the person is a proven leader in 
running a business that is relevant to the Company’s business or is a proven academician in the field relevant to 
the Company’s business.
  The Directors so appointed are drawn from diverse backgrounds and possess special skills with regard to the 
industries/fields from where they come.
  Chart 1: The core skill/expertise/competence as required in context of its business of Titan Biotech Limited 
for its director
  
Industry
Domain
Knowledge Information 
Technology
Legal 
Expertise
General 
Management
Core skill/exper-
tise/competence
Quality Control / 
Quality Assurance
Strategy & Market-
ing / planning Corporate
Governance
& Compliance
Financial Expertise 
& Risk
Management
=== PAGE 41 ===
35
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Table 7:  Based on the above-mentioned skill matrix, the skills which are currently available with the Board 
have been mapped below as on 31st March, 2025:
Core skill/ expertise/ 
competence
Naresh 
Kumar 
Singla
Suresh 
Chand 
Singla
Raja 
Singla
Manju 
Singla
Supriya 
Singla
Udit 
Singla
Shivom 
Singla
Rohit
 Jain
Dhairya 
Madan
Abhishek 
Agarwal
Brijesh 
Kumar 
Singh
Industry/ Domain 
Knowledge E E E E E E E A E A A
Financial Expertise & 
Risk Management E E A E A A A E E E E
Corporate Governance
& Compliance E E A E E A A E E E E
Strategy & Marketing 
/ planning E E E E E E E A A A E
General Management E E E E E E E E E A E
Legal Expertise A A A A A A A E A A E
Information 
Technology A A A A E A A E A E A
Quality Control / 
Quality Assurance E E E A A A A A A A A
                 A-Adequate   e-expert
Chart 2: The Board draws experts across the skill matrix via pie chart
  
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 42 ===
36
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
                            expert                Adequate
 XIII. declaration of independent directors
  The Independent Directors of your Company have given a declaration confirming that they meet the criteria of 
independence as prescribed both under the Act and the Listing Regulations. Also All Independent Directors have 
given declarations that they meet the criteria of independence as laid down under Section 149(6) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the Act) and Listing Regulations. In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors fulfill the 
conditions specified in these regulations and are independent of the management.
 XIV . Familiarisation Programme imparted to independent directors
  The Company has familiarisation programme for Independent Directors with regard to their roles, rights, 
responsibilities etc. in the Company, nature of the industry in which the Company operates, the business model of 
the Company etc. The details are available on the website of the Company.
  Web link: https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/policies/
4. BOArd PrOCedure
 As per Corporate Policy all the statutory and material information are placed before the Board with a view to enable it 
to discharge efficiently its responsibilities in formulating the strategies and policies for the growth of the Company.  The 
Agenda and other relevant papers were circulated ahead of the scheduled dates of the meetings.  The day-to-day affairs 
of the Company are managed by the Managing Director subject to the supervision and control of the Board of Directors. 
Opinions and advices of the Independent & Non-executive Directors are considered valuable guidance. 
 information supplied to the Board
 The Board has access to all information with the Company. All Board Meetings are governed by structured agenda 
which is backed by comprehensive background information. The information with regard to mandatory items as per 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations is regularly supplied to the Board of Directors. The agenda papers are circulated well in 
advance to the Board of Directors to take a well informed decision. 
 Post Meeting Follow up system
 The Company also had effective Post Board Meeting Follow up System. The Board Periodically reviews compliance of 
all laws pertaining to the Company.
 succession Plan
 The Board of Directors have satisfied itself that plans are in place for orderly succession for appointment to the Board 
of Directors and Senior Management.
 Web link: https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/policies/
5. COMMiTTees OF THe BOArd OF direCTOrs
The Board has constituted various committees to focus on specific areas and to make informed decisions within their 
authority. Each committee is directed by its charter which outlines their scope, roles, responsibilities and powers. All the 
decisions and recommendations of the committee are placed before the Board for its approval. Senior officers/ function 
heads are invited to present various details called for by the committee at its meeting.
  
=== PAGE 43 ===
37
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Committees of the Board are as under:
 A. Audit Committee
 B. Nomination and Remuneration Committee
 C. Stakeholders Relationship Committee
 D. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
 A. Audit Committee
The Company has an Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.  The Committee met seven (7) times during the 
Fy 2024-2025, on 25th April, 2024, 29th May, 2024, 10th August, 2024, 03rd september, 2024, 12th november, 
2024, 12th February, 2025 and 24th March, 2025.
  Table 8:  The member’s attendance in the Audit Committee during the year 2024-2025
Name           Category No. of Meeting(s) Attended
Mrs. Manju Singla Non-Executive 7
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal Non-executive, Independent 7
Mr. Rohit Jain Non-Executive Independent Chairman 7
  note:
  1. The Company Secretary is the Secretary to the Committee.
  Terms of reference of Audit Committee:
  1. Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process and disclosure of its financial information to ensure 
that the financial statement is correct, sufficient, and credible. 
  2. Recommending to the Board the appointment, re-appointment, terms of appointment/ reappointment and, if 
required, the replacement or removal of the Statutory Auditor and the fixation of audit fees/remuneration.
  3. Approval of payment to Statutory Auditors for any other services rendered by the Statutory Auditors.
  4. Reviewing, with the Management, the Annual Financial Statements before submission to the Board for 
approval, with particular reference to:
   •  Matters required to be included in the Director’s Responsibility Statement to be included in the Board’s 
report in terms of Sub- Section (5) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013. Changes, if any, in 
accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same. 
   • Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgement by the Management.
   • Significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings.
   • Compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements.
   • Disclosure of any related party transactions.
   • Qualifications in the draft audit report.
  5. Review/examine, with the Management, the quarterly/year to date financial statements and auditor’s report 
thereon, before submission to the Board for approval.
  6. Reviewing with the Management, the financial statements of subsidiaries and in particular the investments 
made by each of them.
  7. Reviewing/Monitoring, with the Management, the statement of uses/application/end use of funds raised 
through an issue (public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.) and related matters, the statement of 
funds utilized for  purposes other than those stated in the offer document/prospectus/ notice and the report 
submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring the utilization of the proceeds of a public or rights issue, and 
making appropriate recommendations to the Board to take up steps in this matter.
  8. Reviewing/evaluating, with the Management, performance of Statutory and Internal Auditors, internal 
financial controls, risk Management system and adequacy of the internal control systems.
  9. Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including the structure of the internal audit 
department, staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage and 
frequency of internal audit.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 44 ===
38
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
  10. Discussion with Internal Auditors any significant findings and follow-ups there on. 
  11. Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is 
suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting the 
matter to the Board.
  12. Discussion with Statutory Auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well 
as post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern.
  13. To look into the reasons for substantial defaults in payment to the depositors, debenture holders, shareholders 
(in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors.
  14. To review the functioning of the Whistle- Blower mechanism.
  15. Approval of appointment of CFO (i.e. the Whole- Time Finance Director or any other person heading the 
finance function or discharging that function) after assessing the qualifications, experience and background, 
etc. of the candidate.
  16. Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the Audit Committee.
  17. Review and monitor the Auditor’s independence, performance and effectiveness of Audit process.
  18. Approval or any subsequent Modification of transactions of the Company with related parties.
  19. Scrutiny of inter- corporate loans and investments.
  20. Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary.
Further, the Audit committee is empowered to investigate any activity within its terms of reference, seek 
information it requires from any employee, obtain outside legal or other independent professional advice and 
secure attendance of outsiders with relevant expertise, if considered necessary. Apart from the above, the Audit 
Committee also exercises the role and powers entrusted upon it by the Board of Directors from time to time. Titan 
Biotech Limited has systems and procedures in place to ensure that the Audit committee mandatorily reviews:
  •  Management Discussion and Analysis of financial conditions and results of operations.
  •  Statement of significant Related Party Transactions (as defined by the Audit Committee), submitted by 
Management. 
  •  Management letters / letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the Statutory Auditors.
  •  Internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses.
  •  Appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Internal Auditor.
  •   Statement of deviations:
The Committee comprises of two Independent Directors. The Management is responsible for the Company’s 
internal financial controls and financial reporting process. The Independent Auditors are responsible for performing 
an independent audit of the Company’s financial statements in accordance with the indian Accounting standards 
(ind As) and for issuing a report thereon. 
The Committee is responsible for overseeing the processes related to financial reporting and Information 
dissemination. 
In this regard, the Committee discussed with the Statutory Auditors the overall scope for their audit. The Management 
presented to the Committee the Company’s financial statements and also represented that the Company’s financial 
statements had been drawn in accordance with the IND AS. Based on its review and discussions conducted 
with the Management and the Independent Auditors, the Audit Committee believes that the Company’s financial 
statements are presented in conformity with IND AS in all material aspects.
The Committee has reviewed Statement of Contingent Liabilities, Management Discussion and Analysis, Financial 
Statements of subsidiary Companies, Investments made by Subsidiary Companies, Directors’ Responsibility 
Statement, Financial Results and Draft Audit/ Limited Review Report thereon, Financial Statements and Draft 
Auditors’ Report, approval (including modification, if any) and review of Related Party Transactions and 
scrutinized inter corporate loans and investments of the Company. 
The Committee also approved the Capex proposals during the Financial Year 2024-2025. No complaints received 
under Whistle-Blower Policy/ Vigil Mechanism. The Committee affirms that in compliance with the Whistle-
Blower Policy/ Vigil Mechanism no personnel had been denied access to the Audit Committee.
The Audit Committee recommended the appointment of M/s. PGM & Associates as Internal Auditors for the 
financial years 2023-24 and 2024-25, and on May 30, 2025, recommended their reappointment for the subsequent 
=== PAGE 45 ===
39
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
two years (FY 2025-26 to FY 2026-27). The Committee discussed and approved their audit plan and scope of 
work. The Board has considered and approved these recommendations.
Remuneration of Statutory Auditors for Fy 2024-2025 was also approved.
In conclusion, the Committee is sufficiently satisfied that it has complied with the responsibilities as outlined in 
the Audit Committee’s responsibility statement.
 B. nomination & remuneration Committee
  The Nomination & Remuneration Committee met two (2) times in the Fy 2024-2025 on 25th April, 2024 and 24th 
March 2025 during the last year. The attendance of members of Nomination & Remuneration Committee was as 
under: -
  Table 9:  The member’s attendance in the nomination & remuneration Committee Committee during the 
year 2024-25
Name    Category No. of  Meeting(s) Attended
Mrs. Manju Singla Non-executive, Woman Director 2
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal Non-executive, Independent-Chairman 2
Mr. Rohit Jain Non-executive, Independent 0
  note:
  1. The Company Secretary is the Secretary to the Committee.
  Terms of reference of nomination and remuneration Committee: 
  1. Formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director.
  2. Identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in Senior Management 
in accordance with the criteria laid down, recommend to the Board their appointment and removal.
  3. Formulate the criteria for evaluation of Director’s and Board’s performance and to carry out the evaluation 
of every Director’s performance.
  4. Devising a policy on Board diversity.
  5. To engage the services of consultants and seek their help in the process of identifying suitable person for 
appointments to the Board.
  6. To decide the remuneration of consultants engaged by the Committee.
  7. Framing, recommending to the Board and implementing, on behalf of the Board and on behalf of the 
Shareholders, policy on remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) & other Employees, 
including ESOP, pension rights and any other compensation payment.
  8. To ensure that the level and composition of remuneration is reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and 
motivate Directors and KMP of the quality required to run the Company successfully.
  9. To ensure that relationship of remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate performance 
benchmarks.
  10. To ensure that remuneration to Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management involves a 
balance between fixed and incentive pay reflecting short and long-term performance objectives appropriate 
to the working of the Company and its goals.
  11. Considering, approving and recommending to the Board changes in designation and increase in salary of the 
Directors, KMP and other employees.
  12. Framing the Employees Share Purchase Scheme / Employees Stock Option Scheme and recommending the 
same to the Board/ shareholders for their approval and implementing/administering the scheme approved by 
the shareholders.
  13. Suggesting to Board/ shareholder’s changes in the ESPS/ ESOS.
  14. Deciding the terms and conditions of ESPS.
The Company has constituted the Nomination and Remuneration Committee in line with the requirements of 
Section 178 of the Act and SEBI Regulations. The Broad terms of reference are as follows:
  I. Formulating the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director and 
recommend to the Board of Directors a policy relating to the remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel and other employees.
  II. Formulating criteria for evaluation of performance of independent Directors and the Board of Directors.
  III. Devising a policy on diversity of Board of Directors
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 46 ===
40
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
  IV . Identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in senior management 
in accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board of Directors their appointment and 
removal.
  V.  Assessing whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent Director on the basis 
of the report of performance of Independent Directors.
  Board diversity 
  The Company has adopted the Policy on Board Diversity as required under Regulation 19 read with Part D of 
Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015. 
  remuneration Policy
  The Company has adopted the Remuneration Policy as required under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
and Regulation 19 read with Part D of Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015. 
  succession Planning 
  The Nomination and Remuneration Committee works with the Board for succession planning for its Directors, 
KMPs and Senior Management/Senior Managerial Personnel.
  Terms and Conditions of Appointment of independent directors
The Independent Directors is chosen keeping in view strategy, business leadership, knowledge of law, finance, 
sales or marketing, experience in biotech industry etc.
The independent Directors have confirmed that they meet the criteria of independence as laid down under the Act 
and applicable Rules and Regulations.
The independent Directors were appointed for a period of 5 years in the AGM held in 2021, 2022 and 2023.
The independent Directors attended the familarisation programme and all Directors spent 2 hours each at the 
programme. The relevant details are available at the website of the Company.
  •  directors’ and Key Managerial Personnel remuneration
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee recommends to the Board, the remuneration payable to the 
Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and the Key Managerial Personnel. The elements of remuneration 
package include salary, benefits, retirals, etc. and is decided based on the performance, Company policy and 
benchmarks. 
Annual increments are recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee to the Board 
for approval within the salary range approved by the Shareholders and in line with the Nomination and 
Remuneration Policy. The remuneration paid to Managing Directors/Whole Time Director is fixed and no 
variable component is payable. 
Table 10:  The details of remuneration paid to the Managing director, Whole Time director and other 
directors during the Financial year 2024-25 are given below:
Name Salary Sitting 
Fee
Bonus Stock 
option
Performance 
linked  
Incentives
Pen       
sion
Perquisites 
and 
retirement 
Benefits As 
Per Income 
Tax Rules
Total
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla 48,00,000 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 48,00,000
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla 48,00,000 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 48,00,000
Mr. Raja Singla 1,20,00,000 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 1,20,00,000
Mr. Udit Singla 1,20,00,000 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 1,20,00,000
Mr. Shivom Singla 1,20,00,000 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 1,20,00,000
Mr. Rohit Jain NA Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal NA 84,000 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 84,000
Mrs. Manju Singla Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil
Ms. Supriya Singla Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil
Mr. Dhairya Madan NA 82,000 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 82,000
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh NA 77,000 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 77,000
=== PAGE 47 ===
41
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
As per the terms of the appointment of Managing Director(s), the appointment may be terminated by either 
party by giving three (3) months’ notice. The severance fees for Managing Directors/ Whole Time Director 
Employment is three (3) months’ notice or salary in lieu thereof and no other compensation or amount is 
payable for severance.
Non-Executive Directors are not paid any Sitting Fees or any remuneration. The provision regarding criteria 
of payment of remuneration, break up of remuneration, fixed or variable component of remuneration to Non-
Executive Directors is not applicable since no remuneration is paid. 
The remuneration paid to Mr. Charanjit singh, Company Secretary during the year was rs. 22,04,278 /- 
(Twenty-Two Lacs Four Thousand Two Hundred and Seventy-Eight Only) and Mr. Prem shankar Gupta, 
Chief Financial Officer was rs. 17,38,056 /- (Seventeen Lacs Thirty-Eight Thousand and Fifty-Six Only).
  C. stakeholders relationship Committee.
The Board had delegated the power to attend investor complaints to Stakeholders Relationship Committee.  
The Stakeholders Relationship Committee met Twenty-Five (25) times during the Fy 2024-25 on 10
th 
April, 2024, 18 th April, 2024, 02 nd May, 2024, 13 th May, 2024, 14 th May, 2024, 31 st May, 2024, 14 th 
June, 2024, 19th June, 2024, 28th June 2024, 08th July, 2024, 02nd August, 2024, 13th August, 2024, 24th 
August, 2024, 03 rd september, 2024, 19th september, 2024, 23rd september, 2024, 14th October, 2024, 
21st October, 2024, 28th October, 2024, 16th november, 2024, 05th december, 2024, 17th december, 2024, 
24th december, 2024 04th January, 2025 and 21st March, 2025.
   Table 11:  The attendance of the Members of stakeholders relationship Committee during the F.y  
2024-25: 
Name Categories No. of Meeting(s) Attended
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla Managing Director 25
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla Managing Director 25
Mr. Rohit Jain Non-Executive Chairman 25
Dhairya Madan    Non Executive 15
   Note:
The Company Secretary is the Secretary to the Committee.
Details of Compliance Officer and Investor Complaints are provided at below.
Name, Designation And Address Of Compliance Officer And Nodal Officer (IEPF)
Charanjit singh
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Titan Biotech Limited
303-305, Lusa Tower, Azadpur Commercial Complex, Delhi-110033
Mail id: hrd@titanbiotechltd.com or cs@titanbiotechltd.com
Ph. No: 011-27674181, 49096502
Table 12:  Nature of complaints received and resolved during the financial year ended March 31, 2025
Pending as on
April 1, 2024
received during
Fy 2024-25
disposed of
during Fy 2024-25
Pending as
on 31st March, 2025
0 2 2 0
   There were only two complaints of investors which have not been solved during 2024-25.
  d. Corporate social responsibility Committee
   The Corporate Social Responsibility and other related matters as may be referred by the Board of Directors 
and discharges the roles as prescribed under Section 135 of the Act which includes formulating and 
recommending to the Board, a Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy indicating the activities to be 
undertaken by the Company, as per Schedule VII to the Act, recommending the amount of expenditure to be 
incurred, and monitoring the CSR Policy of the Company. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to 
the Committee.
   The Committee met twice during the year on 31
st May, 2024 and 12 th February, 2025. All the members 
attended the above meetings. 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 48 ===
42
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
   Table 13:  The attendance of the Members of Corporate social responsibility Committee was as 
under:
Name  Category No. of meeting(s) attended
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla Executive Director 2
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal Non-executive, Independent 2
Mr. Rohit Jain Non-Executive Independent Chairman 2
  e. separate meeting of independent directors
As stipulated by Code of Independent Directors under the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations, 
a separate meeting of the Independent Directors was held on 12th February, 2025 to review the performance 
of Non-Independent Directors and the Board as whole. The Independent Directors also reviewed the 
quality, content and timeliness of the flow of information between the Management and the Board and 
its Committees which is necessary to effectively and reasonably perform and discharge their duties. The 
Independent Directors found the performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board as well as flow 
of information between the Management and the Board to be satisfactory. All independent directors were 
present in the meeting.
6. disCLOsure OF seniOr MAnAGeriAL PersOnAL
 Table 14: details of senior Managerial Personal
name of senior Managerial Personal designation
Mr. Charanjit Singh Company Secretary, Compliance and Legal Officer, HOD of HR
Mr. Prem Shankar Gupta Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Bichitra Barik DGM Export
7. GenerAL BOdy MeeTinGs
 Table 15: details of last three general body meetings held are given below:         
Financial Year Category Location of the meeting Date Time
2021-22 AGM Held through video conferencing 30.09.2022 3.00 P.M
2022-23 AGM Held through video conferencing 29.09.2023 3.00 P.M 
2023-24 AGM Held through video conferencing 30.09.2024 3.00 P.M
Table 16: special resolutions taken up in the last three AGMs and passed with requisite majority are mentioned 
hereunder:
   Special solutions passed in AGM held 30.09.2022
Item No. 5 Borrowing of Money for the purpose of business of Company
Item No. 6 Authorisation for Loans etc.
Item No. 7 Inter Corporate Loans and Investments 
Item No. 8 Approval for Related Party Transactions to be entered into by the Company
Item No. 9 Appointment of Mr. Raja Singla (Din: 03523719) as Whole Time Director of the Company
Item No.10 Increase the Remuneration of Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla (DIN: 00027448) Managing Director
Item No.11 Increase the Remuneration of Mr. Suresh Chand Singla (DIN: 00027706) Managing Director
  Special Resolutions passed in AGM held 29.09.2023
Item No. 5 Ratification of remuneration to Cost Auditors for FY 2023-24
Item No. 6 Authorization for Loans etc.
Item No. 7 Ratification of remuneration to Cost Auditors for FY 2022-23
Item No. 8 Approval for Related Party Transactions to be entered into by the Company
Item No. 9 Appointment Of Mr. Shivom Singla (DIN: 03615519) as Whole Time Director of the Company
Item No.10 Regularization of appointment of Mr. Abhishek Agarwal (DIN: 07286832) as an Independent Non-
Executive Director
Item No.11 Appointment of Mr. Udit Singla (DIN: 03526575) as Whole Time Director of the Company
=== PAGE 49 ===
43
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Item No.12 Appointment of Mr. Dhairya Madan (DIN: 10284820) as an Independent Non-Executive Director
Item No.13 Appointment of Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh (DIN: 10297977) as an Independent Non-Executive Director
Special Resolutions passed in AGM held 30.09.2024
Item No. 5 Authorisation for Loans etc.
Item No. 6 Ratification of remuneration payable to Cost Auditors for the financial year 2024-2025
Item No. 7 Approval for material related party transactions
Item No. 8 Mortgage of property of company for borrowing funds and permission under section 180 (1) (a) of 
Companies Act, 2013
Item No. 9 Ratification of remuneration to Cost Auditors for financial year 2021-2022
 Whether any special resolutions were put through Postal Ballot in last year: No
 Person who conducted the postal ballot exercise: N.A.
 Whether any special resolution is proposed to be conducted through postal ballot: No
8. MeAns OF COMMuniCATiOn WiTH sHAreHOLders
 a) Financial results:
  The quarterly/half-yearly and annual results of the Company are normally published in the Financial Express 
(English) and Naya India (a regional daily published).
  The quarterly/half-yearly and annual results and other official news releases are displayed on the website of the 
Company – www.titanbiotechltd.com  shortly after its submission to the Stock Exchanges.
  Table 17: Tentative dates of Financial Calendar
Financial Reporting for the quarter ending June 30, 2025 Second Week of  August, 2025
Financial Reporting for the quarter ending September 30, 2025 Second Week of November 2025
Financial Reporting for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 Second Week of February, 2026
Financial Reporting for the year ending March 31, 2026 End of May, 2026
Annual General Meeting for the year 2026 August / September, 2026
 b) Online Filings: 
  In terms of Regulation 10 of the Listing Regulations, the Company complies with the online filing requirements 
on electronic platforms of BSE Limited (BSE) viz., BSE Listing Centre. The Members / Investors can view the 
details of electronic filings done by the Company on the websites of BSE i.e., www.bseindia.com.
 c) Website: 
  The Company maintains a functional website (www.titanbiotechltd.com ) containing the information prescribed 
under various provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations including Regulation 46(2) thereof and is regularly 
updated to provide further ease of access to the prescribed information. The “Investor” section contains details / 
information, including Financial Results, Shareholding Pattern, Press Releases, Company Policies, etc., relevant 
for various stakeholders.
  The website also provides a list of URLs along with indexing under the tab “Investor> Disclosures under Regulation 
46” at https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/disclosure-under-regulation-46-62-of-sebi-lodr-regulation/to enable 
access to the prescribed information at one place.
  The ‘Investors’ section provides information on various topics related to Shareholder Services viz. registration of 
PAN, KYC details or changes/updation thereof, transfer/ transmission of shares, dematerialization, nomination, 
loss of share certificates, dividend, etc. The details of unclaimed dividends for dividends declared upto the financial 
year ended March 31, 2025 are also available in this section, to help shareholders to claim the same. In addition, 
various downloadable forms required to be executed by the shareholders have also been provided on the website.
 d) Press / news releases: 
  Official Press/News Releases including Press Release on Financial Results of the Company are sent to the Stock 
Exchanges and the same are subsequently hosted on the website of the Company.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 50 ===
44
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
 e) Communication to shareholders on email: 
  Documents like Notices, Annual Reports, ECS advice for dividends, etc. are sent to the shareholders at their 
email address, as registered with their Depository Participants/ Company/ Registrar and Transfer Agents (RTA). 
This helps in prompt delivery of document, reduce paper consumption, save trees and avoid loss of documents 
in transit. The Company proposes to send documents like shareholders’ meeting notice/ other notices, audited 
financial statements, Directors’ report, Auditor’s report or any other document, to its members in electronic form 
at the email address provided by them and/or made available to the company by their depositories. Members who 
have not yet registered their email id (including those who wish to change their already registered email id) may 
get the same registered/ updated either with their depositories or by writing to the Company. Format of request 
letter (Form ISR 1) is available in the ‘Investors’ Section under ‘Important Information’ of the Company’s website 
at https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/
 f) Annual reports
  Annual Report for Fy  2024-25 containing inter-alia, audited Financial Statements, Directors’ Report  including 
Integrated Reporting and Management Discussion & Analysis, Corporate Governance Report) was sent via 
email to all shareholders who have provided their email ids and is also available at the Company’s website at  
https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/annual-report/ 
  However, this year in view of the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic and owing to the difficulties involved in 
dispatching of physical copies of Annual Report, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) has vide its circular 
no 20/2020 dated 5 May 2020 directed the Companies to send the Annual Report only by e-mail to all the Members 
of the Company. Therefore, the Annual Report for Fy  2024-2025 and notice of 33
rd AGM of the Company is 
being sent to the Members at their registered e-mail addresses in accordance with MCA and SEBI Circulars.
 g) reminders to shareholders: 
  Reminders for claiming unclaimed shares lying with the Company which are liable to be transferred to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund Authority are sent to the shareholders as per Company records.
 h) Bse Listing center: 
  BSE have developed web-based applications for corporates. All compliances like financial results, Shareholding 
Pattern and Corporate Governance Report, etc. are filed electronically on BSE Listing center.
 i) Arbitration Mechanism
  SEBI has issued a circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/76 on May 30, 2022, regarding 
Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for dispute resolution under the Stock Exchange arbitration mechanism 
for disputes between a Listed Company and/or Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents (RTAs) and its 
Shareholder(s)/ Investor(s). This information along with SEBI circular is uploaded on the website of the Company 
at www.titanbiotechltd.com  for the shareholders’ information and reference under important information section 
in Investor.
 j) Presentations made to institutional investors / analysts: 
  Whenever Presentations to be made during Post Earnings’ Call are also be filed with the Stock Exchanges. All 
price sensitive information’s are promptly intimated to the Stock Exchanges before being released to the media, 
other stakeholders and uploaded on the website of the Company.
9.  GenerAL sHAreHOLder inFOrMATiOn 
 a) Annual General Meeting
 Table 18: details of Annual General Meeting for the F.y 2024-25
Annual General Meeting 26th September 2025
Time 03:00 P.M.
Venue A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi - 301019, Rajasthan 
(Deemed Venue)
The Company is conducting meeting through VC / OA VM pursuant to the 
General Circulars issued by the MCA dated April 8, 2020, April 13, 2020, May 
5, 2020, January 13, 2021, December 14, 2021 and December 28, 2022 and as 
such there is no requirement to have a venue for the AGM. For details please 
refer to the Notice of this AGM.
Record Date for Dividend Payment 19
th September, 2025
=== PAGE 51 ===
45
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
 b) Financial year
  April 1 to March 31
      Financial Calendar
    (Tentative) Results for the quarter ending
  June 30, 2025  Second Week of August, 2025
  september 30, 2025 Second Week of November 2025
  december 31, 2025 Second Week of February 2026
  March 31, 2026  End of May, 2026
  Annual General Meeting August/September
 c) dividend Payment date
  The Directors have recommended dividend on Equity Shares of Rs. 2.00 on each Equity Shares for the Financial 
Year 2024-2025. The dividend will be paid only after approval of shareholders in the Annual General Meeting.
 d) Listing on stock exchanges
Securities Name of the stock exchange Address
Equity Shares
ISIN: INE150C01011
BSE Limited (BSE) 
Scrip Code - 524717
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers, 
DalalStreet, Mumbai – 400 001
SEBI toll-free helpline service for investors: 1800 22 7575 or 1800 266 7575 (available on all days from 9:00 
a.m. to 6:00 p.m. excluding declared holidays).
SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES): Investor complaints are processed at SEBI in a centralized web-
based complaints redress system. The salient features of this system are centralised database of all complaints, 
online upload of Action Taken Reports (ATRs) by concerned Companies and online viewing by investors of 
actions taken on the complaints and their current status.
10. dATes OF BOOK CLOsure
 From the 20
th September, 2025 to 26th September, 2025 (both days inclusive).
11. OuTsTAndinG Adr’s/Gdr’s/WArrAnTs Or Any COnVerTiBLe insTruMenTs, COnVersiOn 
dATe And LiKeLy iMPACT On eQuiTy
 There were no outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any convertible instruments as at 31st March, 2025.
12. COMMOdiTy PriCe risK Or FOreiGn eXCHAnGe risK And HedGinG ACTiViTies
 The Company does not have any exposure hedged through commodity derivatives. The details of foreign currency 
exposure are disclosed in Note to the Annual Financial Statements.
13. LOAn And AdV AnCe 
 During the F.Y 2024-25 the Company has not given Loan the companies on which directors are interest. The given are 
also mentioned in the notes of financial as enclosed with this report.
14. PLAnT LOCATiOns 
 A. Plant I: A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi - 301019, Rajasthan. 
 B. Plant II: E-539-540, Industrial Area Chopanki, Bhiwadi - 301019, Rajasthan. 
 C. Plant III: F-689-690, RIICO Industrial Area, Chopanki, Bhiwadi - 301019, Rajasthan
 Correspondence Address of the company other than registered office: 
 304-305, Lusa Tower Azadpur Commercial Complex Delhi 110033
15. unCLAiM ed diVidends TO Be TrAnsFerred TO THe inVesTOr eduCATiOn And PrOTeCTiOn 
Fund
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the IEPF Authority (Accounting, 
Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, all dividends which remains unpaid or unclaimed for a period of seven years 
from the date of their transfer to the unpaid dividend account are required to be transferred by the Company to the 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 52 ===
46
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Investor Education and Protection Fund (“IEPF”), established by the Central Government. Further, as per IEPF Rules, 
the shares on which dividend has not been paid or claimed by the members for seven consecutive years or more shall 
also be transferred to the demat account of the IEPF Authority.
 During the year under review, Your Company has transferred unclaimed amount and Shares to IEPF Authority. Details 
are provided under this table: 
 Table 19: details of dividend amount and shares transferred to iePFA
Financial Year Amount Transferred to IEPF No of Shares Transferred to IEPFA
2016-2017 7,26,159 41,151
Table 20: The dividend for the following years remaining unclaimed for 7 years from the date of declaration are 
required to be transferred by the Company to investor education and Protection Fund and the various dates for 
transfer of such amount are as under:
Sr. No. Financial Year Date of Declaration Rate of Dividend Due for Transfer to IEPF
1. 2017-2018 28-09-2018 7.50  % 04-11-2025
2. 2018-2019 N.A. N.A. N.A.
3. 2019-2020 25-09-2020 10.00  % 01-11-2027
4. 2020-2021 24-09-2021 15.00  % 31-10-2028
5. 2021-2022 30-09-2022 15.00  % 06-11-2029
6. 2022-2023 30-09-2023 18.00  % 06-11-2030
7. 2023-2024 30-09-2024 20.00  % 06-11-2031
Further, with regards to the unpaid or unclaimed dividend, the Company has sent out reminders to the shareholders 
to claim their unpaid or unclaimed dividends before the dividend amounts are transferred to Investor Education and 
Protection Fund (‘IEPF’).
Members who have not encashed their Dividend Warrants or those who have not received the Dividend Warrants so far, 
are requested to seek payment of Dividend before 30
th september, 2025. Otherwise, all above said unclaimed dividend 
to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund on above said Dates. Further, Shareholders are requested 
to send cancelled Cheque to duplicate dividend warrant claims.
Chart 3: dividend History of Last 10 years 

=== PAGE 53 ===
47
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
16. MAndATOry TrAnsFer OF sHAres TO deMAT ACCOunT OF inVesTOrs eduCATiOn And 
PrOTeCTiOn Fund AuTHOriTy (iePFA) in CAse OF unPAid/ unCLAiMed diVidend On sHAres 
FOr A COnseCuTiVe PeriOd OF seVen yeArs
 In terms of Section 124(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 6 of the Investor Education and Protection Fund
 Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, (as amended from time to time) shares on which 
dividend has not been paid or claimed by a shareholder for a period of seven consecutive years or more shall be credited 
to the Demat Account of Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (IEPFA) within a period of thirty days of 
such shares becoming due to be so transferred. Upon transfer of such shares, all benefits (like bonus, dividend etc.), if 
any, accruing on such shares shall also be credited to such Demat Account and the voting rights on such shares shall 
remain frozen till the rightful owner claims the shares. Shares which are transferred to the Demat Account of IEPFA 
can be claimed back by the shareholder from IEPFA by following the procedure prescribed under the aforesaid rules. 
Therefore, it is in the interest of shareholders to regularly claim the dividends declared by the Company.
 The voting rights on the shares transferred to the IEPF Authority shall remain frozen till the rightful owner claims the 
shares.
 As on date 31
st March 2025, 7,66,883 shares to the demat account of the IEPF Authority on which dividend has not 
been paid / claimed by the shareholders for 7 (seven) consecutive years or more. Relevant details of such shares is 
available on the website of the Company www.titanbiotechltd.com
17. eQuiTy  sHAres LyinG WiTH THe COMPAny in susPense ACCOunT
In accordance with the requirements of SEBI Circular No. SEBI/ HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated 
25th January, 2022 the Company has opened a Suspense Escrow Demat Account (“TITAN BIOTECH LTD. SUSPENSE 
ESCROW DEMAT ACCOUNT”) with the Depository Participant for transfer of shares lying unclaimed for more than 
120 days from the date of issue of Letter of Confirmation to the shareholders in lieu of physical share certificate(s) to 
enable them to make a request to DP for dematerialising their shares.
As per Schedule V (F) of the SEBI (LODR Regulations, the Company reports the following details in respect of equity 
shares lying in the suspense account. 
 Table 21: The status of equity shares lying in the unclaimed suspense account is given below:
S.N Particulars No. of
shareholders
No. of equity 
shares held
1. Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares 
in thesuspense account lying at the beginning of the year
1 600
2. number of shareholders who approached listed entity for 
transfer of shares from suspense account during the year 
1 500
3. Number of shareholders along with shares held to whom 
shares were transferred from suspense account during the year
1 500
4. aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares 
in the suspense account lying at the end of the year 
1 100
*The voting rights in respect of these shares shall remain frozen till the claim of the righteous shareholders is approved 
by the Company.
18.  LOAn And AdV AnCe
During the F.y 2024-25 the Company has given Loan the companies on which directors are interest. Loans given to 
related parties are also mentioned in the notes of financial as enclosed with this report.
19. PLAnT LOCATiOns
A. Plant I: A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi 301019, Rajasthan.
B. Plant II: E-539-540, Industrial Area Chopanki, Bhiwadi 301019, Rajasthan.
C. Plant III: F-689-690, RIICO Industrial Area, Chopanki, Bhiwadi – 301019, Rajasthan 
 Correspondence Address  of the company other than registered office:
 304-305, Lusa Tower Commercial Complex, Azadpur,  Delhi 110033
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 54 ===
48
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
20.  sHAre TrAnsFer sysTeM
 Shareholders’ requests for transfer / transmission of equity shares and other related matters are handled by Registrar and 
Transfer Agent and are effected within stipulated timelines, if all the documents are valid and in order. 
 Members holding shares in physical form are requested to dematerialize their holdings at the earliest.
 In terms of Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended, securities can be transferred only in 
dematerialized form w.e.f. April 01, 2019, except in case of request received for transmission or transposition of 
securities. SEBI vide its circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated July 02, 2025, has decided to 
open a special window only for re-lodgement of transfer deeds, which were lodged prior to the deadline of April 01, 
2019 and rejected/returned/not attended to due to deficiency in the documents/process/or otherwise, for a period of six 
months from July 07, 2025 till January 06, 2026.
 SEBI has also mandated furnishing of PAN, contact details, bank account details and nomination by holders of physical 
securities. Further, SEBI has also directed RTAs to freeze folios wherein PAN, KYC details and Nomination are not 
available on or after 1st October, 2023. The shareholders are requested to update their details with Company/RTA by 
submitting form ISR 1 which is available on website of the Company viz. https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/important-
information/. The Shareholders holding shares in physical form are requested to get their shares dematerialised at the 
earliest to avoid any inconvenience in future while transferring the shares. Shareholders are accordingly requested to 
get in touch with any Depository Participant having registration with SEBI to open a Demat account to seek guidance 
in the demat procedure.
 The Shareholders may also visit website of depositories viz. National Securities Depository Limited viz. https://nsdl.
co.in/faqs/faq.php or Central Depository Services (India) Limited viz. https://www.cdslindia.com/Investors/open-
demat.html for further understanding of the demat procedure.
 Table 22: Other details Are under:
Approximate time taken for share transfer if the Documents are clear in all respects 15 days
De-mat ISIN Number for Equity Shares of the Company in NSDL & CDSL INE-150C01011
Total No. of shares dematerialized during 2024-2025 70600 Shares
Total No. of shares re-materialized during year ended 31.03.25  NIL
Total No. of shares transferred during 2024-2025 NIL
Total No. of shares transmitted during 2024-2025 NIL
No. of shares pending for transfer as on 31.03.2025   NIL
No. of shares pending for dematerialization   NIL 
21.  reGisTrAr And TrAnsFer AGenTs 
M/s. Beetal Financial & Computer Services Private Limited is the Registrar and Transfer Agent of the Company which 
manages the entire share registry work, both Physical and Electronic. For dematerialization, duplicate, transmission 
or transposition or any service requests and other communications in relation thereto should be sent to the address 
mentioned below: 
Beetal Financial & Computer services Private Limited 
99, Madangir, Behind LSC, Near Dada Harsukhdas Mandir, New Delhi 110062. 
Phone Nos. 29961281-83. 
E-mail Id:- beetalrta@gmail.com 
22.  MArKeT CAPiTALisATiOn
The Market Capitalization of the Company as on March 31, 2025 at BSE is rs. 588.71, which is at 1667
th position in 
the list. From 2022 to 2025, the market cap has increased from Rs.436.49 crore to Rs. 588.71 crore. The chart below 
represents the market capitalisation of the Company based on the year end closing prices quoted on BSE: 
Table 23: Market Capitalisation of last 4 years
Year Market Cap 
(Rs. In Cr.)
Percentage Increase/
Decrease (%)
As on March, 2022 216.55 41.2%
As on March, 2023 162.67 -24.9%
As on March, 2024 436.49 168.3%
As on March, 2025 588.71 34.84%
Note: The market capitalisation of the company as on March 31, 2025, has been referenced from the data published by BSE for 
December 2024. No data is available for March 31, 2025 on the website of BSE as on date.
=== PAGE 55 ===
49
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
23. deCLArATiOn under reGuLATiOn 34(3) And 53(F) OF seBi reGuLATiOns & sCHeduLe V PArT 
d OF seBi (LisTinG OBLiGATiOn And disCLOsure reQuireMenTs) reGuLATiOn, 2015 
 Declaration that all Board Members and Senior Executives of the Company have affirmed compliance to Code of  
Conduct as applicable to them for the Financial Year ended on 31st March, 2025 is attached with this report.
24. disTriBuTiOn OF sHAreHOLdinG As On 31.03.2025
 Table 24:  distribution of shareholding by ownership
S. 
No.
Category No. of 
Shareholders
% age No. of Equity 
Shares
% age
1. Resident Individuals 1 5 7 9 9         96.51 2413196  29.20
2. Bodies Corporate 4 9          0.30 151757   1.84
3. HUF 1 6 6           1.01 76769   0.93
4. Indian Promoters 14 0.08 4617515 55.88
5. NRIs/OCBs/FIIs/FCs 338 2.06 236042 2.86
6. Clearing House/Members  
In Transit/Custodians/Employee Benefit Trust/Trust
1
0.01
50
0.00
7. Investor Education and Protection Fund 1 0.01 766883 9.28
8. Alternate investment funds  1 0.01 1088 0.01
9. Unclaimed/Suspene/Escrrow A/C 1 0.01 400 0
Total 16,370 100 82,63,700 100
Note: * Some shareholders may hold one or more folio numbers on their name.
 Table 25:  shares held in physical and dematerialized form
Category no. of equity shares held Percentage
NSDL 24,48,066 29.624
CDSL 55,64,723 67.339
Physical 2,50,911 3.036
Total 82,63,700 100
 Chart 6: Presentation of Physical and dematerialization                                                                                                             
 dematerialization of shares and Liquidity
Trading in equity shares of the Company in dematerialized is mandatory. To facilitate trading in demat 
form, in India, there are two depositories i.e. National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central 
Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL). TBL has entered into agreement with both these depositories.
Shareholders can open their accounts with any of the Depository Participant registered with these depositories.
a. As on March 31, 2025, 96.963% shares of the  b. The equity shares of the Company
  Company were held in dematerialized form.  are frequently traded at BSE Ltd.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 56 ===
50
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
reduction in physical shareholders
 Table 26:  distribution of shareholding by size
Sl. No. Category No. of 
Holders
Percentage of 
Holders
Holding 
(Nos.)
Percentage
1. 1-5000 15920 95.181 1100402 13.3161
2. 5001-10000 430 2.571 327977 3.9689
3. 10001-20000 188 1.124 270632 3.2749
4. 20001-30000 77 0.460 189043 2.2876
5. 30001-40000 29 0.173 103286 1.2499
6. 40001- 50000 18 0.108 81671 0.9883
7. 50001-100000 30 0.179 214895 2.6005
8. 100001 And Above 34 0.072 5975794 72.3138
Total   16726 100    8263700 100
25.  suBsidi Ary COMPAnies-MOniTOrinG FrAMeWOrK
 During the year Company does not have any Subsidiary.
26.  AGreeMenTs WiTH MediA COMPAnies As Per sCHeduLe iii PArT A, CLAuse 5
 The Company has not entered into any agreement with any media Company and/or its associates.
27. COnTriBuTiOns
The Company has not made any contributions to/spending for political campaigns, political organizations, 
lobbyists or lobbying organizations, trade associations and other tax-exempt groups.
28.  disCLOsures
 Code of Conduct
The Company’s Board has laid down code of conduct for all the Board Members and Senior Management 
of the Company, which have been provided to all concerned executives. The code of Conduct is available at 
the website of the Company at www.titanbiotechltd.com  and designated Senior Management have affirmed 
compliance with code of conduct. A declaration to this effect is enclosed as Annexure A.
The Code of Conduct enjoins that each individual in the organization must know and respect existing laws, 
accept and provide appropriate professional views, and be upright in his conduct and observe corporate 
discipline. The duties of Directors including duties as an Independent Director as laid down in the Act also 
forms part of the Code of Conduct.
Disclosure on significant related party transactions
The Company has formulated a policy on dealing with and materiality of related party transactions also 
amend the policy on 21
st April 2022 in line with the amendments in the Listing Regulations. All related party 
transactions are approved by the Audit Committee. Approval of Board of Directors is taken, as needed, in 
accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations. All material related party transactions 
are approved by Shareholders. The Related Party Transactions are shown separately in Notes to the accounts 
annexed to the Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss Account of Company. The Policy is disclosed on the 
website of the Company www.titanbiotechltd.com.
Further, there were no materially significant related party transactions that may have potential conflict 
with the interests of company at large. A confirmation as to compliance of Related Party Transactions as 
per Listing Regulations is also sent to the Stock Exchanges along with the quarterly compliance report on 
Corporate Governance. Disclosure of related party transactions on a consolidated basis is also sent to the 
Stock Exchanges after publication of standalone and consolidated financial results for the half year (w.e.f. 
1.4.2023 disclosure is being made on the date of publication of standalone and consolidated financial results 
for the half year).
=== PAGE 57 ===
51
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
disclosures by Board Members & senior management
The board members and senior management personnel make disclosures to the Board of Directors periodically 
regarding
 a. their dealings in the Company’s shares; and
 b. all material, financial and commercial transactions, if any;
 where they have personal interest that may have potential conflict with the interests of the Company at large.
 details of non-compliance by the Company
The Company has not violated any provision of law nor any penalty stricture imposed on the Company by 
Stock Exchange(s), SEBI or any other authority, on any matter related to capital market, during the last three 
years. Additional fee for late submission of annual report for last year i.e. 2023-2024 was rs. niL/-.  The 
Company is complying with the provisions of various corporate and other laws as applicable to it. There is 
no accounting treatment different from the prescribed accounting standards.  
Legal Compliance reporting
Company Secretary is assigned with compliance of Company Law, SEBI, ROC. Factory Head is responsible 
for all factory compliances. HR Manager is responsible for all HR Compliances. All the functional heads 
report to the Managing Director and the Board of Directors overview the Legal Compliances. 
Disclosure of accounting treatment in preparation of financial statements
The Company follows Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
(MCA) in the preparation of its financial statements.
Code for prevention of insider-Trading Practices
In accordance with SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, the Company has in place 
following policies/codes which are revised from time to time according to applicable laws or as per need.
 i. Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading
 ii. Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information 
(UPSI). Policy for determination of “legitimate purposes” forms part of this Code.
iii. Policy and procedures for inquiry in case of leak of UPSI/suspected leak of UPSI 
All compliances relating to Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading are being managed through 
a software. This code lays down guidelines advising the management, staff and other connected persons, 
on procedures to be followed and disclosures to be made by them while dealing with the shares of TBL, 
and while handling any unpublished price sensitive information, cautioning them of the consequences of 
violations. The Company Secretary has been appointed as the Compliance Officer.
 Certificate from Company Secretary in Practice regarding disqualification of Directors
The Secretarial Auditors of the Company have issued a certificate that none of the directors on the board of 
the company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies 
by the Securities and Exchange Board of India/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority. 
The same is annexed as Annexure B at the end of this report.
 CEO/ CFO certification
 In terms of Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations, the CFO have certified to the Board of Directors of 
the Company with regard to the financial statements and other matters specified in the said regulation, for Fy 
2024-25. The same is annexed as Annexure C at the end of this report.
 recommendations of Committee(s) of the Board of directors
 During the year, all recommendations of Committee(s) of the Board of Directors, which are mandatorily 
required, were accepted by the Board.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 58 ===
52
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
 Vigil Mechanism & Whistle Blower Policy
 The Company has established Vigil Mechanism and also Whistle Blower Policy. Any Employee may approach 
the Audit Committee for disclosure of any suspected fraud or observations from any wrongful activities in 
the Company or factory. During the year no personnel has been denied access to the audit committee The 
Policies are disclosed on the website of the Company.
 Material subsidiaries
 The Company has established policy of identification of Material Subsidiaries and it is adhering to the same. 
The same is disclosed in the website of the Company at www.titanbiotechltd.com. However, during the year 
the Company has not any material subsidiary.
 disclosure under sexual Harassment of Women at the workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
redressal) Act, 2013
 At Titan Biotech Limited, all employees are equal irrespective of their Gender. There is no discrimination 
between an individual on the basis of sex, color, religion etc.  The Company has in place Prevention of 
Sexual Harassment Policy in line with the applicable Act. 
 Table 28:  The Committee on sexual Harassment has not received any complaint during the year 2024-
2025
No of Complaint filed during 
the Financial Year
No of Complaint disposed of 
during the Financial Year
No of Complaints pending as on 
end of the Financial Year
Nil Nil Nil
 Compliance status of Mandatory requirement
The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements specified in Regulations 17 to 27 
and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations.
Compliance status of non-Mandatory requirement
The Company have not been adopted the requirement as specified in Part E of Schedule II of 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.
Fee paid to statutory Auditors
As per schedule V of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 the details of payment made to Statutory Auditor is available 
under Note to the Financial Statements of this report.
Fee paid/payable by the Company:
i) Statutory Audit Fees – Rs. 2,35,000
ii) Taxation matters – Rs. 1,00,000
Any Material Order or strictures against the Company
The Company has not received any material order or strictures against it during the financial year 2024-2025 
which affect the going concern or its future business operations.
Credit rating
Not Applicable
Adoption of Policies
Company has adopted and complied with various policies as required under Company Law or SEBI 
Regulations and placed the same on the website of the Company www.titanbiotechltd.com .
=== PAGE 59 ===
53
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Audit of reconciliation of share Capital
As stipulated by SEBI, a Practicing Company Secretary carries out the Audit of Reconciliation of 
Share Capital on a quarterly basis to reconcile the total admitted capital with National Securities 
Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) and the total 
issued and paid up capital. The Audit report is submitted to the Stock Exchanges and is placed 
before the Board at its meetings.
Agreement on compensation of profit sharing in connection with dealings in securities of the 
Company
During the Financial Year under review, no employee including Key Managerial Personnel or 
Director or Promoter of the Company had entered into any agreement, either for themselves or on 
behalf of any other person, with any shareholder or any other third party with regard to compensation 
or profit sharing in connection with dealings in securities of the Company.
Directors and Officers Liability Insurance (D&O Policy)
Currently, the Company has not a D&O policy. Company will take a D&O Policy once applicability 
made by SEBI.
Certification for Corporate Governance 
Mr. Amit Anand, Practicing Company Secretary, of the Company have verified the compliance of 
the Corporate Governance by the Company.  His certificate is annexed hereinafter Annexure D. The 
document regarding the Corporate Governance Report is annexed with this report.
For and on behalf of Titan Biotech Limited   
   
 
suresh Chand singla  naresh Kumar singla
(Managing Director)  (Managing Director)
DIN: 00027706   DIN: 00027448
date: August 13, 2025
Place: Delhi
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 60 ===
54
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Annexure-A
deCLArATiOn reGArdinG COMPLiAnCe By BOArd 
MeMBers And seniOr MAnAGeMenT PersOnneL 
WiTH THe COMPAny’s COde OF COnduCT
Under Para D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
This is to confirm that the Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for its employees including the Managing 
Director and Executive Directors. In addition, the Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for its Non-Executive 
Directors, Independent Directors and Senior Management Personnel/Senior Management. These Codes are 
available on the Company’s website.
We confirm that the Company has in respect of the year ended March 31, 2025, received from the Senior 
Management Team of the Company and the Members of the Board a declaration of compliance with the Code of 
Conduct as applicable to them.
For the purpose of this declaration, Senior Management Team means the Chief Financial Officer, Directors and 
the Company Secretary as on March 31, 20
25.
                                                                            For and on behalf of the Board of directors of  
Titan Biotech Limited
 suresh Chand singla naresh Kumar singla
(Managing Director)   (Managing Director)
date: 30/05/2025
Place: New Delhi 
=== PAGE 61 ===
55
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Annexure-B
CerTiFiCATe FOr nO disQuALiFiCATiOn FrOM direCTOrsHiP
(Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 34(3) read with Para C Clause (10)(i) of Schedule V of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended.    
To,
The Members 
Titan Biotech Limited
A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III,  
Bhiwadi- 301019, Rajasthan
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of  Titan Biotech 
Limited having CIN L74999RJ1992PLC013387 and having registered office at A-902A, riiCO industrial Area, Phase-
iii, Bhiwadi- 301019, rajasthan (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before me by the Company for the 
purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the 
Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number 
(DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to me by the Company & its 
officers, I hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ending 
on 31
st March, 2025 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority
Sr. 
No. Name of Director DIN Designation Date of appointment in 
Company
1. Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla 00027448 Managing Director 18/02/1992
2. Mr. Suresh Chand  Singla 00027706 Managing Director 18/02/1992
3. Mrs. Manju  Singla              00027790 Director (Non Executive) 23/06/2001
4. Ms. Supriya Singla 03526583 Director (Non Executive) 01/10/2012
5. Mr. Rohit Jain 07191154 Independent Director (Non Executive) 26/07/2021
6. Mr. Raja Singla 03523719 Whole Time Director (Executive) 01/10/2022
7. Mr. Abhishek Agarwal 07286832 Independent Director (Non Executive) 01/10/2022
8. Mr. Udit Singla 03526575 Whole Time Director (Executive) 01/10/2023
9. Mr. Shivom Singla 03615519 Whole Time Director (Executive) 01/10/2023
10. Mr. Dhairya Madan 10284820 Independent Director (Non Executive) 01/10/2023
11. Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh 10297977 Independent Director (Non Executive) 01/10/2023
It is solemnly the responsibility of Directors to submit the relevant declarations and disclosures with complete and accurate 
information in compliance with the relevant provisions.
Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment/continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management 
of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an 
assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has 
conducted the affairs of the Company.
For Amit Anand, Practicing Company secretary
Amit Anand 
M. no.: A13409
COP no.: 17101
Peer review: 1970/2022
  udin: A013409G000920007
Date: August 2, 2025
Place: Delhi          
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 62 ===
56
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Annexure-C
CFO/CeO CerTiFiCATiOn
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 17(8) read with Part B of Schedule II of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclsoure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended
To,
The Board of directors of
Titan Biotech Limited.
We hereby certify to the Board that 
 1. I, Prem shankar Gupta have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year 
ended on 31st March, 2025 of Titan Biotech Limited for the year and that to the best of my knowledge 
and belief:
  a. these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain 
statements that might be misleading.
  b. These statements together present a true and fair view of the listed entity’s affairs and are in 
compliance with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
 2. There are, to the best of my knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the listed entity during 
the year which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the listed entity’s code of conduct.
 3. I accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and we 
have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the listed entity pertaining to financial 
reporting and we have disclosed to the auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design 
or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which they are aware and the steps they have taken or 
propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
 4. I have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee
  a. significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year
  b. significant changes in accounting policies during the year  and that the same have been disclosed in 
the notes to the financial statements and 
  c. instances of significant fraud of which they have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, 
of the management or an employee having a significant role in the listed entity’s internal control 
system over financial reporting.
For Titan Biotech Limited    
Prem shankar Gupta                  
                                           (Chief Financial Officer)
 
date: May 5, 2025
Place: New Delhi
=== PAGE 63 ===
57
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Annexure-d
CerTiFiCATe On COrPOrATe GOVernAnCe
To,
The Members 
Titan Biotech Limited
A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III,  
Bhiwadi- 301019, Rajasthan
I have examined the Compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Titan Biotech Limited, for 
the year ended 31
st March, 2025 as stipulated under Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of 
sub- regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and para C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”).
The Compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. 
My examination was limited to procedures, and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company 
for ensuring compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an 
expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
In my opinion, and to the best of my opinion and according to the explanation given to me, I certify 
that the company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulation, 2015.
I further state the compliance is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor the 
efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the Company solely for the purpose of 
enabling the Company to comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not be used 
by any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or 
any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate is shown or into 
whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.
For Amit Anand, Practicing Company secretary
Amit Anand 
M. No: A13409
COP No.17101
udin: A013409G000995511 
date: August 13, 2025
Place: Delhi
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 64 ===
58
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25

=== PAGE 65 ===
59
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
direCTOrs rePOrT
Dear Shareholders,
The Board of Directors are pleased to present the 33rd Annual Report of the Company along with the audited financial 
statements (standalone and consolidated) for the financial year ended 31st March 2025. (“FY 2024-25/ FY 25”).
The consolidated performance of the Company and its associate has been referred to wherever required.
1. FinAnCiAL suMMAry And HiGHLiGHT OF FinAnCiAL resuLTs:      
The Audited Financial Statements of your Company as on March 31, 2025, are prepared in accordance with the 
relevant applicable Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) and Regulation 33 of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”).
The summarized financial highlight is depicted below:    
             (rs. in Lakhs) 
Particulars
Standalone Consolidated
2024-2025 2023-2024 2024-2025 2023-2024
Revenue from operations 15645.08 16407.21 15645.08 16407.21
Other income 391.25 174.82 391.25 174.82
Total Income 16036.33 16582.03 16036.33 16582.03
Operating expenditure 13102.44  12979.07 13102.44 12979.07
 Profit for the year before 
depreciation, Finance Costs, 
exceptional item and tax
2933.89 3602.96 2933.89 3602.96
Less:  Finance Costs 80.18 117.00 80.18 117.00
Less: Depreciation 416.98 333.06 416.98 333.06
Profit/Loss before tax and 
exceptional item 2436.73 3152.90 2436.73 3152.90
tax Expenses 609.62 786.58 609.62 786.58
Exceptional item - - - -
Profit/Loss after Tax 1827.11 2366.32 1827.11 2366.32
Share in profit of associate - - 326.05 118.98
Profit/Loss 1827.11 2366.32 2153.16    2485.30
Other Comprehensive Income (Net 
of Tax) 7.30 17.48    7.30    17.48
Total Comprehensive Income for 
the period 1834.41 2383.80 2160.46 2502.78
EPS 22.11 28.64 26.06 30.07
2. 
PerFOrMAnCe And reVieW
 Your Company has achieved a Gross Sales of rs. 15645.08 Lakh in the financial year 2024-25 as compared to rs. 
16407.21 Lakh in the financial year 2023-24 on a standalone basis. The profit before tax (“PBT”) for FY25 were rs. 
2436.73 Lakhs, respectively as compared to Rs. 3152.90 Lakhs, respectively for FY24.
 The consolidated eBiTdA margin was at 21.72% in FY 25 as compared to 21.72% in FY24. Profit for the year stood 
at rs. 2160.46 Lakhs in FY 25 as compared to Rs. 2502.78 Lakhs in FY 24.
 The total consolidated revenue for FY 2025 was rs. 16036.33 Lakhs as compared to the previous year’s consolidated 
total revenue of Rs. 16582.03 Lakhs. The consolidated profit after tax (“PAT”) for FY 2025 and FY 2024 was rs. 
1827.11 Lakhs and Rs. 2366.32 Lakhs, respectively.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement

=== PAGE 66 ===
60
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
3. COnsOLidATiOn OF FinAnCiAL sTATeMenTs
 The Financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards. These financial 
statements comply in all material respects with Accounting Standards notified under Section 133 of Companies Act, 
2013. Further, a statement containing salient features of Financial Statements of associate Company namely M/s. 
Peptech Biosciences Limited and M/s. Titan Media Limited pursuant to sub-section 3 of Section 129 of Companies 
Act, 2013 in prescribed form AOC-1 is appended as “Annexure-1”.
4. nuMBer OF MeeTinGs OF THe BOArd
 The Board of Directors met 14 (Fourteen) times during 2024-25. For details, please refer to the Report on Corporate 
Governance, which forms part of this Report.
5. COMMiTTees OF THe BOArd OF direCTOrs
• Audit Committee
 The details pertaining to the composition of the Audit Committee and other details are included in the Corporate 
Governance Report, which is a part of this report. Further, during the year under review, all recommendations made by 
the various Committees have been accepted by the Board.
• nomination &remuneration Committee
 The details pertaining to the composition of the Nomination Remuneration Committee and other details are included 
in the Corporate Governance Report, which is a part of this report. Further, during the year under review, all 
recommendations made by the various Committees have been accepted by the Board.
• stakeholder relationship Committee
 The details pertaining to the composition of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee and other details are included 
in the Corporate Governance Report, which is a part of this report. Further, during the year under review, all 
recommendations made by the various Committees have been accepted by the Board.
• Corporate social responsibility Committee
 The details pertaining to the composition of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and other details are 
included in the Corporate Governance Report, which is a part of this report. Further, during the year under review, all 
recommendations made by the various Committees have been accepted by the Board.
6. MeeTinG OF indePendenT direCTOrs
 The Meeting of the Independent Directors was held on 12
th February, 2025. All the independent directors were present 
in the meeting. The meeting was held through Video Conferencing and other audio video means.
7. sTATe OF COMPAny  AFFAirs
 The Company is engaged in manufacture and export of Prepared Culture Media, Biological Goods, Plant Growth 
Promoters etc. The Company is manufacturing Peptones, Biological Extracts, Culture Media and Chemicals.
8. FuTure PLAns
 The Company plans to promote its products domestically as well as internationally in new markets by participating in 
important exhibitions, conferences and seminars in and outside India and doing aggressive marketing and advertisement 
to tap the market. The Company is developing product for health supplement.
9. dePOsiTs
 The Company has not accepted any deposits from public during the year under review, and as such, no amount of 
principal or interest on deposits from public was outstanding as on March 31, 2025.
10. diVidend
 The Board of Directors at their meeting held on May 30, 2025, has recommended payment of  rs. 2.00/- (@ 20%) per 
equity share of the face value of Rs. 10/- each as final dividend for the financial year ended March 31, 2025.
 The payment of final dividend is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting 
(AGM) of the Company. The recommended final dividend shall be paid to those shareholders whose names appear in 
the Register of Members as on the Record Date, on approval by the members at the Annual General Meeting.
 For the financial year 2023-24, your Company has paid a final dividend of Rs. 2/- per equity share aggregating to Rs. 
165.27 Lakh.
=== PAGE 67 ===
61
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
11. TrAnsFer TO reserVes
 A Sum of rs. 1,827.11 Lakhs was transferred to General Reserves out of the Profits for the Current year and the 
retained earnings increased from rs. 11,117.78 Lakhs to rs. 12,779.62 Lakhs.
12. deTAiLs OF FAMiLArisATiOn PrOGrAMMe TO indePendenT direCTOrs
 During the year, the Board members were regularly apprised with the overview of Company and its operations by 
Senior Management Team. Further, the functional heads made presentation to the Board of Directors. The Board was 
also apprised of all regulatory & policy changes.
13. POLiCies AdOPTed By COMPAny
 The policies of the Company are placed on the website of the Company at: www.titanbiotechltd.com  in investors sub 
link.
14. direCTOrs
 As on 31st March 2025, your Company’s Board comprised 11 (eleven) Directors, including a balanced 
mix of Executive and Non-Executive Directors. The Managing Directors are Mr. naresh Kumar singla 
and Mr. suresh Chand singla. The Whole-Time Directors are Mr. raja singla, Mr. udit singla and 
Mr. shivom singla. The Non-Executive Directors include Mrs. Manju singla and Ms. supriya singla. 
The Independent Directors are Mr. rohit Jain (Chairman of the Company), Mr. Abhishek Agarwal,  
Mr. dhairya Madan and Mr. Brijesh Kumar singh.
 Subsequent to the closure of the financial year, the Board appointed Mr. debendra Kumar sabat as an Additional 
Independent Director of the Company with effect from August 13, 2025. His appointment is subject to the approval 
of shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting, where it is proposed to regularize his appointment as an 
Independent Director. The resolution for his appointment, along with other relevant details, forms part of the Notice of 
the AGM..
 In accordance with Section 152 of Companies Act, 2013 and other the applicable statutory provisions,  
Mrs. Manju singla, Mr. raja singla and Mr. udit singla shall retire in the forthcoming Annual general meeting 
and being eligible offers herself/himself for reappointment. A resolution seeking shareholders’ approval for their re-
appointment along with other required details forms part of the Notice. The details of remuneration of Directors may 
be referred to in the Corporate Governance Report. 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 149 of the Act, the Independent Directors have submitted declarations that each 
of them meet the criteria of independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act along with Rules framed thereunder 
and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. There has been no change in the circumstances affecting 
their status as independent directors of the Company. During the year under review, the non-executive directors of the 
Company had no pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company, other than sitting fees, commission and 
reimbursement of expenses, if any..
15. direCTOrs resPOnsiBiLiTy  sTATeMenT
 Pursuant to the requirement under Section 134(5) of Companies Act, 2013 with respect to Director’s Responsibility 
Statement, it is hereby confirmed
 (1) That in preparation of annual accounts for the financial year ended 31
st March, 2025 the applicable accounting 
standards had been followed along with proper explanations relating to material departures;
 (2) That the directors had selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments 
and estimates that were reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
Company at the end of the financial year and of the profit or loss of the Company for the year under review.
 (3) That the directors had taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provision of the Companies Act, 2013 for safeguarding the assets of the Company and 
preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
 (4) That the Directors had prepared the accounts for the financial year ended 31
st March, 2025 on a going concern 
basis.
 (5) The Directors had laid down se to be followed by the Company and that such internal financial controls are 
adequate and were operating effectively.
 (6) The Directors have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and 
that such systems were adequate and operating effectively.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 68 ===
62
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
16. AudiTOrs
 statutory Auditors
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 139 and 141 of the Act and the rules made thereunder, M/s. A n s K & Associates, 
Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No.:026177N) were appointed as Statutory Auditors of the Company from 
the conclusion of 30th Annual General Meeting held on 30th September, 2022 till the conclusion of the Annual General 
Meeting of the Company to be held in the year 2027.
 The company and its one of associate company (Peptech Biosciences Limited) has been using Microsoft navision 
2013 as ERP software for accounting which was taken from the vendor. The Company has replaced the existing ERP 
software with Microsoft Navision Business Enterprise which is updated software and contains audit trail features. The 
new version of the software with all the requisite compliance requirements has been implemented.
 The Auditors’ Report on the financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 is 
unmodified i.e. it does not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark or disclaimer. The Auditors’ Report 
is enclosed with the financial statements forming part of the annual report.
 secretarial Auditor
 Pursuant to Section 204 of the Act, Mr. Amit Anand (M. No: 13409, C.P No: 17101), Practicing Company Secretary, 
was appointed to conduct the Secretarial Audit of the Company, for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. The 
Report of the Secretarial Auditor is annexed as “Annexure 5” to this Report. The Secretarial Audit Report does not 
contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark.
 In compliance with Regulation 24A of the SEBI (LODR) (Third Amendment) Regulations, 2024 and Section 204 of the 
Act, the Board at its meeting held on May 30, 2025, based on recommendation of the Audit Committee, has approved 
the appointment of Mr. Amit Anand (M.No.:13409, C.P. No.: 17101), Practicing Company Secretary as Secretarial 
Auditor of the Company for a term of five consecutive years commencing from FY 2025-26 till FY 2029-30, subject 
to approval of the Members at the ensuing AGM. The practicing Company Secretary holds a valid certificate of peer 
review issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and that he has not incurred any of the disqualifications 
as specified under the Companies Act, 2013 and by the SEBI.
 The Company has received a written confirmation from Mr. Amit Anand (M.No.:13409, C.P. No.: 17101), Practicing 
Company Secretary, to the effect that their appointment as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company, if made, will be as 
per the requirements laid down under the Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations. In this regard, a Resolution for 
appointment is carried in the Notice of the Annual General Meeting, which is recommended by the Board for approval.
 The report of the Secretarial Auditors is also self-explanatory and need no further comments from the Directors.
 As per the recommendation from the Committee on Corporate Governance, constituted by the Government, in its report 
dated October 05, 2017, and Circular No. CIR/CFD/CMD1/27/2019 dated 08/02/2019, annual secretarial compliance 
report as per format prescribed by the SEBI shall be submitted by the PCS on compliance of all applicable SEBI 
Regulations and circulars/guidelines issued there under, consequent to which, the PCS shall submit a report to the listed 
entity.
 Annual Secretarial Compliance Report of Titan Biotech Ltd is a part of this report as an “Annexure-6”.
 Cost Auditors
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Companies (Cost Records and 
Audit) Rules, 2014, the Board of Directors of the Company, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, appointed 
M/s Sanjay Kumar Garg & Associates, Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No. 100292), as the Cost Auditors of the 
Company for the financial year 2024-25 to conduct the cost audit of the Company’s accounts in respect of the products 
and services as prescribed under the applicable cost audit rules. The remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors for FY 
2024-25 has been ratified by the Members at the  32nd Annual General Meeting (AGM).
 Further on the basis of the recommendation received from Audit Committee, the Board at its meeting held on May 30, 
2025, re-appointed M/s sanjay Kumar Garg & Associates, Cost Accountants (FRN: 100292), as the Cost Auditors 
of the Company for the financial year 2025-26.The Cost Auditors have confirmed that their appointment is within the 
limits prescribed under Section 141(3)(g) of the Companies Act, 2013, and that they are not disqualified for appointment 
under the provisions of the said Act.
=== PAGE 69 ===
63
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
 The Board has also approved the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors for FY 2025-26, subject to ratification by 
the Members at this AGM. A separate resolution seeking Members' approval for the same forms part of the Notice of 
this AGM.
 The cost records of the Company are duly prepared and maintained as required under Section 148(1) of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
 internal Auditors
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 138 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 13 of the Companies (Accounts) 
Rules, 2014, and based on the recommendations of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors at their meeting held 
on May 29, 2023, appointed M/s. PGM & Associates, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No.: 017333N), as 
the Internal Auditors of the Company for a period of two consecutive financial years, covering 2023-24 to 2024-25.
 Further, at the Board meeting held on May 30, 2025, the Board re-appointed M/s. PGM & Associates as the Internal 
Auditors for another period of two consecutive financial years, covering 2025-26 to 2026-27, on the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee.
.17. FOreiGn eXCHAnGe eArninGs And OuTGO
 During the period under review, your Company had foreign exchange earned of rs. 5295.20 lakhs and foreign 
exchange used of rs. 1720.52 lakhs of foreign exchange.
18. LisTinG OF sHAres
 a) The Company securities have not been suspended from trading.
 b) The securities of the Company are listed at the BSE Limited and will continue to be listed there.
 c) Company has paid annual listing fees for the Financial Year 2024-2025 to BSE Limited.
 The name and address of stock exchange where shares of Company will continue to be listed as under:
 Bse Limited
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower,
 Dalal Street, Mumbai
 Weblink: www.bseindia.com
 There was no presentation to Institutional Investors & analyst during 2024-2025.
 Plant Locations:
 • A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi  - 301019, Rajasthan.
 • E-539- 540, Industrial Area, Chopanki, Bhiwadi  - 301019, Rajasthan.
 • F-689-690, RIICO Industrial Area, Chopanki, Bhiwadi  - 301019, Rajasthan
19. sHAre CAPiTAL
 There was no change in Share Capital of Company during the year, the Paid up share capital of the Company stands at 
rs. 8,26,37,000/- (Rupees Eight Crore Twenty-Six Lacs Thirty-Seven Thousand Only) and authorized share capital of 
the Company stands at rs.10,00,00,000/- (Rupees Ten Crores Only)
20. WOMAn direCTOr
 Pursuant to section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) 
Rules, 2014, the company is required to comply with the provisions of Woman Director as the Company is a listed 
public Company. Currently Company have Mrs. Manju singla, one-woman Director in their Board.
21. MATeriAL CHAnGes And COMMiTMenT
 There are no material changes and commitments occurred, which affect the financial position of the Company, from the 
last financial year to end of the financial year of the Company to which the financial statements relate and the date of 
the report. Stakeholders are advice to refer note standalone financial statement for the year ended 31
st March, 2025 as 
included in this annual report. For more clarity kindly go through Notes of standalone financial statement for the year 
ended 31
st March, 2025.
22. TrAnsACTiOns WiTH reLATed PArTies
 None of the transactions with related parties fall under the scope of Section 188(1) of the Act. The information on 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 70 ===
64
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
transactions with related parties pursuant to Section 134(3)(h) of the Act read with Rule 8(2) of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014 in Form AOC-2 is not applicable.
23. siGniFiCAnT And MATeriAL Orders PAssed By  THe reGuLATOrs Or COurTs Or TriBunALs 
iMPACTinG THe GOinG COnCern sTATus And COMPAny’s OPerATiOns in FuTure
 Your Directors confirm that no significant and/or material order(s) had been passed against the Company during the 
financial year 2024-2025, which may adversely impact the status of ongoing concern and operations in future.
24. deTAiLs OF FrAud rePOr Ted By AudiTOrs
 No fraud has been noticed or reported by the Auditor as per Section 134 (3) (ca) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
Companies (Amendment) Act, 2015.
25. CHAnGe in direCTOrs And Key  MAnAGeriAL OF THe COMPAny  durinG THe FinAnCiAL 
yeAr 2024-25:
 There was no change in the composition of the Board of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company of 
the Company during the financial year 2024-25.
 However, subsequent to the end of the financial year, the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on August 13, 2025, 
approved the following appointments/re-appointments:
 Appointment of Mr. debendra Kumar sabat (din: 00802225)  as an Additional Independent Director of the 
Company with effect from August 13, 2025. His appointment is subject to the approval of shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting, at which it is proposed to regularize his appointment as an Independent Director in accordance 
with applicable laws.
 re-appointment of Mr. naresh Kumar singla (din: 00027448) as Managing Director of the Company for a further 
term of five (5) years commencing from October 1, 2025, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the 33rd Annual 
General Meeting.
 re-appointment of Mr. suresh Chand singla (din: 00027706) as Managing Director of the Company for a further 
term of five (5) years commencing from October 1, 2025, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the 33rd Annual 
General Meeting.
 The resolutions pertaining to the above appointments/re-appointments, along with the requisite disclosures pursuant 
to applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, form part of the Notice 
convening the 33rd Annual General Meeting of the Company..
26. CHAnGe in nATure OF Business
 There was no change in nature of business of Company during the financial year ended 31
st March, 2025.
27. PArTiCuLArs OF LOAns, GuArAnTees Or inVesTMenTs under seCTiOn 186 OF COMPAnies 
ACT, 2013
 Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or Investments under Section 186 of Companies Act, 2013 have been disclosed 
appropriately under financial statements.
28. inFOrMATiOn OF suBsidiAry/MATeriAL suBsidiAries/AssOCiATe COMPAnies
 During the year under review, the Company does not have any subsidiary/material subsidiary. Currently, the company 
have below two associate companies:
 1. Peptech Biosciences Limited
 2. Titan Media Limited
 The Company has acquired 33,90,510 partly paid-up equity shares of face value Rs.10 each, at a premium of Rs.14 
per share, aggregating to a total consideration of rs. 8,13,72,240 (Rupees Eight Crore Thirteen Lakh Seventy-Two 
Thousand Two Hundred Forty Only), by subscribing to the rights issue ("said issue") of  Titan Media Limited 
("Investee Company").
 An amount of rs. 2,03,43,060 (Rupees Two Crore Three Lakh Forty-Three Thousand Sixty Only) was paid towards 
the application money at the time of subscription. Subsequently, during the period under review, the Company has also 
paid the first call amounting to Rs. 2,03,43,060, on the said partly paid-up shares.
=== PAGE 71 ===
65
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
 Following the payment of the first call money, the Company's voting rights in the investee Company increased from 
32.29% to 48.44%. The Company’s shareholding and voting rights in Titan Media Limited will continue to increase 
proportionately with each subsequent call payment made on the said shares.
 during the Financial year 2024-2025, no changes were taken place except mentioned above in subsidiary / 
associates / joint venture companies. 
29. ViGiL MeCHAnisM
 Pursuant to Section 177(9) of the Act, a vigil mechanism was established for directors and employees to report to 
the management instances of unethical behaviour, actual or suspected, fraud or violation of the Company’s code of 
conduct or ethics policy. The vigil mechanism provides multiple channels for reporting concerns including an option 
for escalations, if any, to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee of the Company. The Company has established 
policy for Vigil Mechanism and the same is placed on the website of the Company at www.titanbiotechltd.com
30. risK MAnAGeMenT 
 Pursuant to Section 134(3)(n) of the Companies Act, 2013 & SEBI Regulations, the Company has laid down Risk 
Management Policy to inform Board Members about the risk assessment and minimization procedures. The Board of 
Directors don’t foresee any elements of risk, which in its opinion, may threaten the existence of the Company. The 
Company is aware of the risks associated with the business. It’s regularly analyses and takes corrective actions for 
managing / mitigating the same. The Company’s Risk management framework ensures compliance with the provisions 
of Regulation 17(9) of the Listing Regulation and has institutionalized the process for identifying, minimizing and 
mitigating risks which is periodically reviewed. 
 Since the Company does not rank among the top 1000 listed entities by market capitalization as of the end of the 
preceding financial year, it is exempt from compliance with Regulation 21 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015.
31. COnserV ATiOn OF enerGy, TeCHnOLOGy ABsOrPTiOn
 The disclosure of Conservation of Energy and Technology Absorption is attached as “Annexure-2” and forms part of 
the Directors Report. 
32. COrPOrATe sOCiAL resPOnsiBiLiTy
 The Board of Directors has constituted a Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee to monitor implementation 
of CSR activities of your Company.
 The details of the composition of the CSR Committee, CSR policy, CSR initiatives and activities undertaken during the 
year are given in the Annual Report on CSR activities in “Annexure –3” to this Report.
33. BOArd eV ALuATiOn 
 The Board of Directors has carried out an annual evaluation of its own performance, board committees, and individual 
directors pursuant to the provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations.
 The performance of the board was evaluated by the Board after seeking inputs from all the directors on the basis of 
criteria such as the board composition and structure, effectiveness of board processes, information and functioning, etc. 
 The performance of the committees was evaluated by the Board after seeking inputs from the committee members on 
the basis of criteria such as the composition of committees, effectiveness of committee meetings, etc.
 In separate meeting of independent Directors, performance of Non-Independent Directors, the Board as a whole and 
Chairman of the Company was evaluated, taking into account the views of executive directors and non-executive 
directors.
 Performance evaluation of Independent Directors was done by the entire Board, excluding the independent directors 
being evaluated.  
 The Board and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee reviewed the performance of individual director to the 
board and committee meetings like preparedness on the issues to be discussed, meaningful and constructive contribution 
and inputs in meetings, etc.
 At the board meeting that followed the meeting of the independent directors and meeting of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, the performance of the Board, its Committees, and individual directors was also discussed.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 72 ===
66
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
34. POLiCy On direCTOrs APPOinTMenT, reMunerATiOn And OTHer deTAiLs
 Policy on Directors Appointment or Reappointment, Remuneration and other details provided 
in Section 178(3) of Companies Act, 2013 has been disclosed in the website of the Company at  
www.titanbiotechltd.com.
 Whereas the term of the KMP (other than the Managing Director/Whole-time Director/Manager) and Senior 
Management shall be governed by the prevailing HR policies of the Company. 
35. FAMiLiArisATiOn PrOGrAMMe
 Please refer to the Paragraph on Familiarisation Programme in the Corporate Governance Report for detailed analysis.
36. inTernAL FinAnCiAL COnTrOL sysTeM And THeir AdeQuACy
 The details in respect of internal financial control and their adequacy are included in Management discussion and 
Analysis Report.
37. HuMAn resOurCes
 The details in respect of Human Resources are included in Management discussion and Analysis Report.
38. disCLOsure reQuireMenT
 As per SEBI Listing Regulations, the Corporate Governance Report for the financial year ended 31
st March, 2025 
giving the details as required under Regulation 34(3) read with Clause C of Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligation 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 is given separately with the Auditors’ Certificate thereon, and the 
Management Discussion and Analysis Report are attached, which forms part of this report. Details of number of Board 
meetings, board diversity and expertise, composition of the Audit Committee and establishment of Vigil Mechanism 
as required under the Act are provided in the Corporate Governance Report. All mandatory recommendations made 
by the committee(s) were reviewed and accepted by the Board of Directors. The Company has devised proper systems 
to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India and that such systems are adequate and operating effectively.
39. insurAnCe
 All properties and insurable interests of the Company including buildings, plant & machinery and stocks have been 
adequately insured.
40. Green iniTiATiVe
 As a responsible corporate citizen, the Company welcomes and supports the ‘Green Initiative’ undertaken by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India, enabling electronic delivery of documents including the Annual 
Report to Shareholders at their e-mail address previously registered with the depositories or the Company’s Registrar 
and Share Transfer Agent. In line with the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company has emailed soft copies of its 
Annual Report to all those Shareholders who have registered their email address for the said purpose. With reference 
to MCA General Circular No. 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020 and MCA Circular dated May 05, 2022 and MCA General 
Circular No. 11/2022 dated December 28, 2022, read with the Securities and Exchange Board of India Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2022/62 dated May 13, 2022, Companies have been dispensed with the printing and 
dispatch of Annual Reports to Shareholders. Hence, the Annual Report of the Company for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2025, would be sent through email to the Shareholders.
 As per SEBI LODR, 2015, a letter providing the weblink, including the exact path, where the Annual Report and the 
Notice of the AGM for the financial year 2024-25, will be sent to those members whose e-mail address is not registered 
with the Company/ RTA / Depository Particlpant(s) / Depositories.
 We would greatly appreciate and encourage more Members to register their email address with their Depository 
Participant and/or the RTA/Company, to receive soft copies of the Annual Report and other information disseminated 
by the Company. Shareholders who have not registered their e-mail addresses so far are requested to do the same. 
Those holding shares in demat form can register their e-mail address with their concerned DPs. Shareholders who 
hold shares in physical form are requested to register their e-mail addresses with the RTA/ Company, by sending KYC 
updation forms duly signed by the shareholder(s) with required details.
41. POLiCies
 For better conduct of operations and in compliance with regulatory requirements, your Company has framed and 
adopted certain policies. In addition to the Company’s Code of Conduct that have been adopted by the Company are as 
follows:
=== PAGE 73 ===
67
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Name of the Policy/ Code Brief Description Web Link
Terms and Conditions of Appointment 
of Independent Directors
The terms comprises of Role, Duties and Responsibilities, accompanying 
liabilities, etc. for the Independent Directors (“ID”).
Corporate Social Respon-sibility 
Policy
The Policy delineates the Company’s approach to fostering a beneficial influence on 
society through initiatives encompassing education, healthcare, the environment etc., 
underscoring its commitment to corporate social responsibility.
Familirisation Programme for 
Independent Directors
The Policy ensures that the Independent Directors are familiarized with the 
Company, their roles, rights, responsibilities in the Company, nature of industry in 
which the Company operates, business model of the Company etc. through various 
programs.
Materiality Policy Materiality Policy can be accessed in the company website.
Policy on Succession Planning for the 
Board and Senior
Policy on Succession Planning for the Board and Senior can be accessed in the 
company website.
Policy on Material Subsidiary The Policy determines the material subsidiaries of the Company and to provide the 
governance framework for them.
Risk Management Policy to identify risks impacting Company’s Business through systematic process of risk 
identification by Board or audit committee of executive management etc.
Policy for Determination of Material 
Events and Information This Policy aims to determine Materiality of events/information.
Policy on Preservation of Documents The Policy deals with periodicity of retention of the Company records and 
documents.
Code of Conduct For Prevention of 
Insider Trading
The Company endeavors to preserve the confidentiality of unpublished price 
sensitive information and to prevent misuse of such information. The Company 
is committed to transparency and fairness in dealing with all stakeholders and in 
ensuring adherence to all laws and regulations.
Policy on Board Diversity To ensure a transparent Board nomination process with the diversity of thought,
experience, knowledge,perspective and gender in the Board. 
Content Archiving Policy The Policy deals with archival of the Company’s documents which have been 
disclosed on the website of the Company.
Code of Conduct of Independent 
Directors
The Code is a guide to professional conduct for independent directors. Adherence 
to these standards by independent directors and fulfillment of their responsibilities 
in a professional and faithful manner will promote confidence of the investment 
community, particularly minority shareholders, regulators and companies in the 
institution of independent directors.
Code of Conduct for Board of 
Directors and Senior Management
This Code broadly lays down the general principles to be followed by the Board of 
Directors and the Senior Management of the Company as a guide for discharging 
their respective duties and responsibilities as members of the Board or Senior 
Management of the Company, as the case may be
Nomination and Remuneration Policy This Policy formulates the criteria for determining qualification, competencies, 
positive attributes and independence for the appointment of Directors and also 
the criteria for determining the remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel and other Employees.
Related Party Transaction Policy Related Party Transaction Policy can be accessed in the company website.
Policy for Prevention of Sexual 
Harassment
The Prevention of Sexual Harassment Policy has been formed to prohibit, prevent 
or deter the commission of acts of sexual harassment at workplace and to provide 
the procedure for the redressal of complaints pertaining to sexual harassment.
Vigil Mechanism Policy To encourage its employees to share, disclose, complain about actual or suspected 
misconduct, non-adherence or violation of rules, regulations, fraud, non-
compliance, unethical behavior; etc.
Code of Fair Disclosure Code of Fair Disclosure can be accessed in the company website.
42. seCreTAriAL sTAndArds
 The Company has devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable Secretarial 
Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and that such systems are adequate and operating 
effectively.
43. TrAnsFer TO inVesTOr eduCATiOn & PrOTeCTiOn Fund (iePF)
 Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund 
Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (IEPF Rules), the company has transferred dividend 
and shares during FY 2024-2025. Same is available in Corporate Governance Report.
https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/policies/  
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 74 ===
68
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
44. COMPLiAnCe WiTH THe seXuAL HArAssMenT OF WOMen AT WOrKPLACe (PreVenTiOn, 
PrOHiBiTiOn And redressAL) ACT, 2013
 In accordance with the provisions of the sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
redressal) Act, 2013, the Company has adopted a Policy on Prevention, Prohibition, and Redressal of sexual harassment 
at the workplace in line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition, 
and Redressal) Act, 2013, and Rules framed thereunder. The Policy emphasizes zero tolerance for sexual harassment 
and ensures that an Internal Complaints Committee (‘ICC’) is in place for all works and offices of the Company. The 
ICC is responsible for redressing complaints received regarding sexual harassment. This proactive approach underscores 
the Company's commitment to providing a safe and respectful workplace environment. All employee (permanent, 
contractual, temporary, trainees) are covered under this policy.
 Your Directors affirm that the Company has complied with the provisions relating to the constitution of the ICC. The 
Company is committed to providing a safe and conducive work environment free from discrimination and harassment of 
any kind.
 During the year under review:
 • number of sexual harassment complaints received: Nil
 • number of sexual harassment complaints disposed of: Nil
 • number of sexual harassment complaints pending for more than 90 days: Nil
 The Company continues to promote awareness among its employees regarding the prevention of sexual harassment at 
the workplace.
45. COMPLiAnCe WiTH THe MATerniTy BeneFiT ACT, 1961
 The Company has complied with all applicable provisions of the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, including amendments 
thereto. The Company provides maternity benefits and leave entitlements to eligible women employees in accordance 
with the law.
 Necessary facilities and support systems have been established to ensure a healthy and inclusive work environment for 
women employees during and after maternity. The Company remains committed to promoting the welfare and rights of 
women employees, in alignment with statutory obligations and best practices.
46. AnnuAL reTurn
 As per the requirements of Section 92(3) of the Act and Rules framed thereunder, the Annual Return for Financial Year 
2024-2025 is available on the website of the Company at https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/annual-returns/.
 The Annual Return of the Company for Financial Year 2023-2024 already filed with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
(MCA) and the draft Annual Return for Financial Year 2024-2025 are available on the website of the Company and the 
weblink to access the same is as per above.
 After the filing of Annual Return for Financial Year 2024-2025 with MCA, the aforesaid draft version of the Return will 
be replaced with the final version.
47. disCLOsure OF inFOrMATiOn OF KMP reMunerATiOn PursuAnT TO ruLe 5(1) OF COMPAnies 
(APPOinTMenT And reMunerATiOn OF reMunerATiOn OF MAnAGeriAL PersOnneL) ruLes, 
2014
 The particulars of employees in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with 
Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 as amended from 
time to time, is annexed herewith as “Annexure -4”.
 There were no employee(s) in receipt of remuneration of rs.1.02 Crores or more per annum or in receipt of remuneration 
of rs. 8.50 Lakhs per month, under Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules 2014. 
48. nOMinATiOn And reMunerATiOn POLiCy
 The nomination and remuneration policy of Titan Biotech Limited for director’s appointment and remuneration is 
uploaded in the website www.titanbiotechltd.com.
49. inVesTOr eduCATiOn And PrOTeCTiOn Fund (‘iePF’)
 Refer Corporate Governance Report para on ‘Unclaimed Dividends to Be Transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund’ for details on transfer of unclaimed/unpaid amount/shares to IEPF.
=== PAGE 75 ===
69
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
50. sTATuTOry inFOrMATiOn And OTHer disCLOsures
a. The details of difference between amount of the valuation done at the time of one-time settlement and the valuation done 
while taking loan from the Banks or Financial Institutions along with reasons thereof:
b. There were no transaction requiring disclosure or reporting in respect of matter relating to instance of one-time settlement 
with any bank or financial institution.
c. Details of application made or any proceedings pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (31 of 2016) 
during the year along with their status as at the end of the financial year:
 During the year no application made or any proceedings pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
d. There was no revision of Financial Statements and the Board’s Report of the Company during the year under review;
51. CAuTiOnAry sTATeMenT 
 Statements in this Directors’ Report and Management Discussion and Analysis Report describing the Company’s 
objectives, projections, estimates, expectations or predictions may be ‘forward-looking statements’ within the meaning 
of applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied. 
Important factors that could make difference to the Company’s operations include raw material availability and its prices, 
cyclical demand and pricing in the Company’s principal markets, changes in Government regulations, Tax regimes, 
economic developments within India and the countries in which the Company conducts business and other ancillary 
factors.
52. ACKnOWLedGeMenTs 
Your Directors wish to place on record their appreciation, for the contribution made by the employees at all levels but for 
whose hard work, and support, your Company’s achievements would not have been possible. Your Directors also wish 
to thank its customers, dealers, agents, suppliers, investors and bankers for their continued support and faith reposed in 
the Company.
   For Titan Biotech Limited
    
 suresh Chand singla naresh Kumar singla
  (Managing Director)  (Managing Director)
date: August 13, 2025 DIN: 00027706                          DIN: 00027448
Place: Delhi
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 76 ===
70
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Annexure- 1
Form AOC-1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of Section 129 read with rule 5 of 
the Companies (Accounts) rules, 2014)
sTATeMenT COnTAininG sALienT FeATures OF THe FinAnCiAL sTATeMenT OF suBsidiAries/
AssOCiATe COMPAnies/JOinT VenTures
Part “A”: subsidiaries
(Information in respect of each subsidiary to be presented with Amount in Rs.)
s.no. Particulars details
1 Name of Subsidiary NA
    2 The date since when subsidiary was acquired NA
3 Reporting period for the Subsidiary concerned, if different from the Holding 
Company’s reporting period NA
4 Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last date of the relevant Financial 
Year in the case of foreign subsidiaries NA
5 Share Capital NA
6 Reserve & surplus NA
7 Total assets NA
8 Total Liabilities NA
9 Investments NA
10 Turnover NA
11 Profit before taxation NA
12 Provision for taxation NA
13 Profit after taxation NA
14 Proposed Dividend NA
15 % of shareholding NA
notes: The following information shall be furnished at the end of the statement:
  1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: n.A
  2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: n.A
.
=== PAGE 77 ===
71
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
 Part “B”: Associates and Joint Ventures
statement pursuant to section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures
sno. name of Associates Peptech Biosciences Limited Titan Media Ltd.
1 Latest Audited Balance Sheet Date 31st March ,2025 31st March ,2025
   2 Date on which the Associate or Joint 
Venture was associated or acquired
16th February 2022 16th February 2024
3 Shares of Associate held by the 
Company on the year ending 31
st 
March, 2025
i. No.
ii. Amount of Investments
iii. Extent of Holding%
44,24,990 Equity Shares
Rs. 1,230.01 Lakhs
36.87%
33,90,610 Equity Shares
Rs.406.88 Lakhs
48.44%
4 Description of how there is significant 
influence
Holding more than 20% of 
Equity Share Capital
Holding more than 20% of 
Equity Share Capital
5 Reason why the Associate is not 
consolidated
NA NA
6 Net worth attributable to Shareholding 
as per latest audited Balance Sheet
Rs. 6,677.24 Lakhs Rs. 822.68 Lakhs
7 Profit / Loss for the year
i. Considered in Consolidation
ii. Not Considered in Consolidation
Rs. 868.95 Lakhs
Nil
Rs. 11.70 Lakhs
Nil
3. Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations.: N.A
2. Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year.: N.A
Note: This Form is to be certified in the same manner in which the Balance Sheet is to be certified.
By Order of the Board
For Titan Biotech Limited                                                     
naresh Kumar singla  suresh Chand singla Charanjit singh          Prem shankar Gupta
Managing Director  Managing Director        Company Secretary      Chief Financial Officer
din: 00027448  din: 00027706               M. no: A12726
For A n s K & Associates                                                                                                                        
Chartered Accountants 
Frn: 026177n
Akhil Mittal
Partner
M.no:  517856
udin- 25517856BMKXiu8390
Place: delhi
date: 30/05/2025
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 78 ===
72
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Annexure- 2
TiTAn BiOTeCH LiMiTed
FOrM-A
Disclosures of particulars with respect to Conservation of Energy:
1. COnserV ATiOn OF enerGy             
` i. In Order to save power the Company continued to install LED Lights in place of Normal Lights.
 ii. Installed energy efficient pumps in place existing traditional pumps.
2. iMPACT OF ABOVe MeAsures:
 Implementation of Energy Conservation measures have resulted –
 i. In reduction of energy cost and thereby production cost.
 ii.  In the increase of awareness in the employees.
3. steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate sources of energy:
 The Company has taken adequate steps and have tried generation of electricity through Generator, Coal and LDO. 
 Disclosures of particulars with respect to Conservation of Energy:
 A.  POWer And FueL COnsuMPTiOn
PArTiCuLAr CurrenT 
yeAr 
31.03.2025
PreViOus   
yeAr 
31.03.2024
 1. electricity      
   a)  Purchased    
    Unit 3304476.60 2710205.00
   Total Amount (in Rs.)  31270860.82   25823657.18  
   Rate/ Unit (in Rs.)   9.46 9.53 
  b)  Own Generation  
   Through Diesel Generator  
   Units 13750 15290
   Units per Ltr. of Diesel 5.50 5.50
   Cost/Unit (in Rs.) 16.96 19.01
   c)  Through steam turbine/ Generator Units  
   Units per Ltr. 0 0
   Fuel oil/gas (in Ltrs.) 0 0
   Cost/Unit (in Rs.) 0 0
 2. Coal  
  Quantity (Tonnes)  0 0 
  Total Cost (in Rs.) 0 0
  Average rate per ton (in Rs.)      0 0
 3 Bio Briquetts  
    Quantity (Kilo Ltrs.)  2401.925 1611.785
    Total Cost (in Rs.)  16588452.50 11440225.10
    Average Rate per ton (in Rs.) 6906.32 7097.86
 4.  LdO For Boiler/Thermic F Heater
   HSD for Boiler (Amount)  2098635.00 2616441.00
   No. of Hrs.  750  834
   TFH Run Steam Generated 0 0
 5 PnG Gas 
  Quantity Total 718003.78 901162.526
   Cost 45122803.13 59620927.00
  Rate/Unit 62.84  66.16
=== PAGE 79 ===
73
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
B.      COnsuMPTiOn Per uniT OF PrOduCTiOn
 s.no    unit of Products   Current year   Previous year
 1.  Electricity Units/kg 9.46 9.53
 2.  Coal Units/kg - -
 3.  Bio Briquetts Units/ton 6906.32 7097.86
 4.  LDO Units/kg - -
 5.  PNG Gas Unit/kg 62.84 66.16
  TeCHnOLOGy ABsOrPTiOn
The efforts made by the company in Technology Absorption is as per Form- B
FOrM- B
Disclosures of particulars with respect to Technology Absorption Research and Development (R&D)
1. Specific areas in which R & D carried out by the Company
 Development activities of the Company are directed towards Energy conservation, Pollution Control, Quality Improve-
ment and Process Improvement in the Existing Manufacturing System.
2. Benefit Derived as a result of the above R & D:
 I. The Company Has been able to produce quality Biological products confirming to international Standards.
 II. Cost effectiveness and cost consciousness.
 III. Improvement in specific consumption of energy.
 IV . Environment protection measures have been given excellent results.
3. Future plans of action:
 The Company has planned to cover the following areas under the R & D activities:-
 I. To provide complete basic facilities in carrying out basic and applied results relating to Biotechnology Industry.
 II. Such facilities will include product approach, analytical aspects of raw material used and intermediates
 III. Product innovations, process development/ improvement through latest available worldwide technologies.
 IV . Constant efforts towards cost effectiveness means of packaging acceptance in the world market.
4. expenditure on r & d
 Particular Current year Previous year
 Capital - -
 Recurring 1839125.09 1317707.74
 Total  1839125.09 1317707.74
 Total R & D Expenditure as a percentage of total turnover 0.12 0.08
 Technology Absorption, Adoption and innovation:
 (1) The Company is endeavoring to bring in latest technologies for introducing new molecules.
 (2) Benefits derived as a result of the above efforts e.g. product improvement, cost reduction, product development 
etc.
  The Company has developed its own technology for achieving high yield in Biological Peptones and Extract and 
Dehydrated Culture Media with special emphasis on process improvement.
 (3) Imported technology (Imported during last 5 years reckoned from the beginning of financial year): The Company 
has not imported any technology.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 80 ===
74
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
 B. Foreign exchange earning and Outgo
 (a) Activities relating to exports, Initiative taken to increase exports, development of new markets for products 
and export plans: Company actively participate in various international exhibitions and conferences. Company 
representative as authorized by Board or any agreement (formal or informal) pay visit to foreign countries time 
to time for promotion purpose.  
 (b) Total Foreign Exchange Earned        : Rs. 5295.20 lakhs 
 (c) Total Foreign Exchange Used           : Rs. 1720.52 lakhs
For Titan Biotech Limited                                                                              
Suresh Chand Singla Naresh Kumar Singla
(Managing Director) (Managing Director)
DIN: 00027706 DIN: 00027448
Date:  August 13, 2025
Place: Delhi
 
=== PAGE 81 ===
75
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
AnneXure-3
AnnuAL rePOrT On COrPOrATe sOCiAL 
resPOnsiBiLiTy ACTiViTies
1. Brief outline on Csr Policy of the Company.
 The CSR activities undertaken are within the broad framework of Schedule VII of the Companies 
Act, 2013. Details of the CSR policy and activities undertaken by the Company are available on 
links given below:
  https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/  
2. Composition of Csr Committee:
 
sl. 
no.
name of director designation / nature of 
directorship
number of meetings 
of Csr Committee 
held during the year
number of 
meetings of 
Csr Committee 
attended during the 
year
    1  Mr. Rohit Jain Chairman
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
2 2
    2 Mr.  Naresh Kumar Singla Member,
Executive Director 2 2
    3 Mr. Abhishek Agarwal Member,
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
2 2
3. Provide the web-link where Composition of Csr committee, Csr Policy and Csr projects approved by the  
 board are disclosed on the website of the company.
 Composition of the CSR committee shared above and is available on the Company’s website on  
https://titanbiotechltd.com/company-profile/ 
 CSR Policy: https://titanbiotechltd.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/Corporate-Social-Responsibility-Policy.pdf 
 CSR Projects/Activities: https://titanbiotechltd.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/Corporate-Social-Responsibility-
Policy.pdf
4. Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of impact Assessment of Csr Projects carried out in 
pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable. Not applicable
5. (a)   Average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135: Rs. 29,53,80,292.33  
 (b)  Two percent of average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135:  Rs. 59,07,605.85/-.
 (c)  Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or activities of the previous   financial years. Nil
 (d)  Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any: Nil
 (e)  Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)]. Rs. 59,07,605.85/-.
6. (a)  Amount spent on Csr Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project): Rs.59,61,000.
 (b)  Amount spent in Administrative overheads: Nil
 (c)  Amount spent on impact Assessment, if applicable: N.A
 (d)   Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]: Rs. 59,61,000.
 (e)  CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year: N.A
=== PAGE 82 ===
76
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
 
Total Amount 
spent for the 
Financial year. 
(in rs.)
Amount unspent (in rs.)
Total Amount transferred to 
unspent Csr Account as per 
section 135(6).
Amount transferred to any fund specified under 
schedule Vii as per second proviso to section 
135(5).
Amount. date of 
transfer.
name of the 
Fund
Amount. date of transfer.
59,61,000 Nil Not Applicable Not Applicable Nil Not Applicable
   (f)  excess amount for set off, if any
sl. no. Particular Amount (in rs.)
(1) (2) (3)
(i) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) 59,07,605.85
(ii) Total amount spent for the Financial Year 59,61,000
(iii) Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)] 53,394.15
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the 
previous financial years, if any
N.A
(v) Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)] 53,394.15
 7. Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years :  Not Applicable
  
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
Sl. 
No.
Preceding 
Financial 
Year(s)
Amount 
transferred to 
Unspent CSR 
Account under 
sub-section (6) 
of section 135 
(in Rs.)
Balance Amount 
in Unspent CSR 
Account under 
sub-section (6) 
of section 135 
(in Rs.)
Amount 
Spent in the 
Financial 
Year (in Rs)
Amount transferred 
to a Fund as specified 
under Schedule VII 
as per second proviso 
to sub-section (5) of 
section 135, if any
Amount 
remaining to 
be spent in 
succeeding 
Financial Years 
(in Rs)
Deficiency, 
if any
Amount 
(in Rs)
Date of 
Transfer
not Applicable
8. Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate social responsibility amount 
spent in the Financial year: not Applicable
9. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per sub-section 
(5) of section 135: not Applicable
For and on Behalf of
M/s Titan Biotech Limited
rohit Jain  naresh Kumar singla
Chairman, CSR Committee  Member, CSR Committee/Managing Director
DIN: 07191154   DIN: 00027448
Date: August 13, 2025
Place: Delhi
=== PAGE 83 ===
77
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Annexure-4
AnneXure TO THe direCTOrs rePOrT
Statement of Disclosure of Information under Section 197 of Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 5(1) of Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
(i) & (ii) The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director and KMPs  during the financial year 2024-2025 and 
ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of theCompany for the financial 
year 2024-2025 are as under
Particulars remuneration 
ofeach director /
KMP For 
financial
year 2024-2025
% increase 
(%decrease) 
inremuneration
in the Financial
year 2024-25
ratio of 
Median 
remuneration
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla, Managing Director 48,00,000 - 20.84:1
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla, Managing Director 48,00,000 - 20.84:1
Mr. Raja Singla, Whole Time Director* 1,20,00,000 - 52.10:1
Mr. Shivom Singla, Whole Time Director * 1,20,00,000 NA 26.05:1
Mr. Udit Singla, Whole Time Director * 1,20,00,000 NA 26.05:1
Mr. Prem Shankar Gupta, Chief Financial Officer 18,60,921  9.61% 8.03:1
Mr. Charanjit Singh, Company Secretary 23,72,036 6.90% 9.87:1
(ii)  The percentage increase/decrease in the median remuneration of employees in Financial Year: 7.20%
(iii)  The no. of permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on 31st  March, 2025 was 467.
(iv)  Average Percentage increase/decreased in the salary of employees other than managerial personnel during the financial 
year 2024-2025 was 8.1% (Company’s employees, excluding Key Managerial Personnel. Further, the average percentage 
increase / (decrease) in salary of the KMP was 6.9%).The Average increase in every year was an outcome of Company’s 
market competitiveness as against its peer group companies. In keeping with our reward policy and benchmarking 
results, the increase this year reflects the market practice.
(v)  It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid during the year is as per remuneration policy of the Company.
(vi)  There was no employee who was in receipt of remuneration above limits provided in Rule 5 of Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules 2014 or above remuneration paid to the Managing Director or 
Whole Time Director of Company.
For Titan Biotech Limited 
suresh Chand singla naresh Kumar singla
Managing director Managing director
din: 00027706 din: 00027448
date: August 13, 2025       
Place: delhi
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 84 ===
78
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
From no. Mr-3
seCreTAriAL AudiT rePOrT
For the Financial year ended 31st March, 2025
[ Pursuant to section 204(1) of the companies Act, 2013 and rule No.9 of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
Titan Biotech Limited
Cin: L74999rJ1992PLC013387
A-902A, riiCO industrial Area, Phase-iii, 
Bhiwadi-301019, rajasthan 
I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by Titan Biotech Limited (hereinafter called “the company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a 
manner that provided me a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliance and expressing our 
opinion thereon. 
Based on my verification of the Company’s books, papers, minutes books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained 
by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officer and authorized representatives during the 
conduct of secretarial audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, the Company has during the audit period covering the 
Financial Year ended 31
st March, 2025, complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company 
has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting 
made hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, minutes books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for 
the financial year ended on 31
st March, 2025 according to the provisions of: 
1. The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;
2. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
3. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-Laws framed thereunder;
4. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made there under to the extent of  
Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings;
5. The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 
(‘SEBI Act’) :- 
 a. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 
2011; 
 b. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015.
 c. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 
and amendments time to time.
 d. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 
2021. not applicable to the Company during the audit period
 e. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulation, 2008. not 
applicable to the Company during the audit period
 f. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 
1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client to the extent of securities issued. not applicable to 
the Company during the audit period 
 g. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021. 
  not applicable to the Company during the audit period
=== PAGE 85 ===
79
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
 h. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018. 
  not applicable to the Company during the audit period
 i.  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities Regulations, 2021. 
not applicable to the Company during the audit period.
6. Laws specifically applicable to the industry to which the Company belongs, as identified by the management, that is to 
say:
 a. Payment of Wages Act, 1936, and rules made thereunder
 b. The Minimum Wages Act, 1948, and rules made thereunder;
 c. Employees’ Sate Insurance Act, 1948 and rules made thereunder;
 d. The Employees Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 and rules made thereunder;
 e. The Payment of Bonus Act, 1965 and rules made thereunder;
 f. Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 and rules made thereunder;
 g. Factories Act, 1948 and Rules made thereunder;
 h. Food Safety and Standard Act, 2006 and along with Food Safety and Standards Rules 2011 and including 
amendment thereof;
 i. The Legal Metrology Act, 2009;
 j. The Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 2011;
 k. Applicable BIS Standard for various categories and production process;
 l. The Maternity Benefits Act, 1961;
 m. Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act,1970;
 n. The Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 (read with Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) 
Rules, 1982;
 o. The Noise Pollution (Regulation and Control)Rules, 2000;
 p. The Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 (read with Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) 
Rules, 1975;
 q. The Hazardous Waste (Management, Handling and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2008;
 r. The Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 (read with The Environment (Protection) Rules, 1986;
 s. The Equal Remuneration Act, 1976 and rules made thereunder if any;
 t. The Apprentices Act, 1961and rules made thereunder if any;
 u. The Employees/Workman’s Compensation Act, 1923 and rules made thereunder if any;
 v. The Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986 and rules made thereunder if any;
 w. The Industrial Disputes Act, 1947and rules made thereunder if any;
 x. The Indian Boilers Act, 1923 and rules made thereunder if any;
 y. Foreign Trade (Development and Regulation) Act, 1992 together with the Foreign Trade Policy;
 z. Drugs and Cosmetics Act 1940 and rules made thereunder;
 aa. Customs Act, 1962 and rules made thereunder;
 ab. Customs Tariff Act, 1975 and rules made thereunder;
 ac. Import and Exports (Control) Act, 1947.
 I  have also examined compliance with the applicable clause that:
 (i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India;
 (ii) SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 have been complied with and 
documents filed with BSE Limited where shares of company are listed;
 (iii) Other Securities and Exchange Board of India Regulations, Guidelines, Rules etc. which are applicable to the 
Company.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 86 ===
80
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
  The Company is one of the leading manufacturers & exporters of the biological products which are used in 
the field of Pharmaceutical, Nutraceuticals, Food & Beverages, Biotechnology & Fermentation, Cosmetic, 
Veterinary & animal Feed, Agriculture Industries and Microbiology Culture Media & Plant Tissue Culture 
Media etc.
7. I have relied on the information and representation made by the Company and its Officers for Systems and mechanism 
formed by the Company for Compliance under applicable Acts, Laws and Regulations to the Company.
8. I further report that 
 (a) The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-
Executive Directors and independent Directors.
 (b) Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda 
were sent at least seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and 
clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the Meeting.
 (c) Majority decision is carried through while the dissenting members views are captured and recorded as part of the 
minutes. However, no such case has arisen during the period under review..
 (d) I further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size 
and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidelines. 
 (e) Company has complied with all the Compliance of Companies Act, 2013, but there were few instances of delay 
in filing of forms with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs/Investor Education & Protection Fund Authority which 
were regularized by payment of late filing fee.
 (f) The company has duly declared and paid the dividend, ensuring full compliance with the applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, Listing Regulations and all other relevant law.
 (g) I further report that the Company has done all reporting to stock exchange in time and has published all the 
required notices and results in newspaper in accordance with Listing Regulations.
9. I further report that during the audit period no specific events/ actions took place having a major bearing on the 
Company’s affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc
10. As informed, the Company has responded appropriately to notices received from various statutory/ regulatory 
authorities including initiating actions for corrective measures, wherever found necessary.
11. I further report that –
 The Company has complied with the maintenance of the Structured Digital Database (SDD) as Required to be 
maintained under Regulation 3 (5) and 3(6) of The SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015. I further 
Report that the Company has also submitted SDD Compliance Certificate as required to the Stock Exchange.
12. I further report that during the audit period:
 A) There was no change in company's Office Address.
 B) The members of the Company at its 32nd Annual General Meeting held on 30
th september, 2024 passed the 
following Resolutions-
  (i) To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements (standalone and consolidated financial 
statements) for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2024 and the Report of the Auditors and Directors 
thereon;
  (ii) To declare dividend on equity shares of the Company;
  (iii) To appoint a Director in place of Ms. Supriya Singla (Din No. 03526583), who retires by rotation at this 
annual general meeting, and being eligible, offers herself for re-appointment;
  (iv) To appoint Director in place of Mr. Shivom Singla (DIN NO. 03615519), who retires by rotation at this 
annual general meeting, and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment;
  (v) Authorization for Loans etc.;
  (vi) Ratification of remuneration payable to Cost Auditors for the FY 2024-25;
  (vii) Approval for material related party transactions;
=== PAGE 87 ===
81
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
  (viii) Mortgage of property of company for borrowing funds and permission under Section 180(1)(a) of 
Companies Act, 2013;
  (ix) Ratification of remuneration to Cost Auditors for FY 2021-22
  Further, during the audit period, there were no instances of:
 a) Public/Rights/Preferential Issue of Shares/Debentures/Sweat Equity Shares.
 b) Redemption of Securities.
 c) Merger/ Amalgamation/Reconstruction.
 d) Foreign Technical Collaborations.
For Amit Anand
Practicing Company Secretary
M.no.- A13409
CP no.-17101
                                                                           UDIN: A013409G00089464
Peer Review Certificate No.:1970/2022
date:     30/07/2025                                       
note: This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as ‘ANNEXURE A’ and forms an 
integral part of this report
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 88 ===
82
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
AnneXure  - A 
AnneXure TO 
seCreTAriAL AudiT rePOrT 
To,
The Members,
Titan Biotech Limited
Cin: L74999rJ1992PLC013387
A-902A, riiCO industrial Area, Phase-iii, 
Bhiwadi-301019, rajasthan 
The Secretarial Audit Report of even date for the financial year 2024-25 is to be read along with this letter.
1 Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to 
express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.
2. I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the 
correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts 
are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices, I followed provide a reasonable basis for 
my opinion.
3. I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.
4. Where ever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and 
regulations and happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the 
responsibility of management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For Amit Anand 
Practicing Company secretary
Amit Anand
M.no.- A1340   
CP no.-17101
udin: A013409G00089464 
Peer Review Certificate No.:1970/2022
date: 30/07/2025                                         
=== PAGE 89 ===
83
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
AnnuAL seCreTAriAL COMPLiAnCe rePOrT 
FOr THe FinAnCiAL yeAr ended 31sT MArCH, 2025
I/We have examined:
a) all the documents and records made available to us and explanation provided by M/s. Titan Biotech Limited (“the 
listed entity”),
b) the filings/ submissions made by the listed entity to the stock exchanges,
c) website of the listed entity,
d) any other document/ filing, as may be relevant, which has been relied upon to make this Report, for the financial year 
ended on 31st March, 2025 (“Review Period”) in respect of compliance with the provisions of :
 (a) the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (“SEBI Act”) and the Regulations, circulars,   guidelines 
issued thereunder; and
 (b) the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (“SCRA”), rules made thereunder and the regulations, circulars, 
guidelines issued thereunder by the SEBI;
  The specific Regulations, whose provisions and the circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder, have been examined, 
include:-
 (a) Securities and Exchange Board of India (LODR) Regulations,  2015;
 (b) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018- Not 
Applicable during the period under review;
 (c) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations,   2011;
 (d) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 - Not Applicable during the 
period under review;
 (e) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations,  2021- 
Not Applicable during the period under review;
 (f) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations,  2021- 
Not Applicable during the period under review;
 (g) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
 (h) Other regulations as applicable.
 And circulars/guidelines issued thereunder;and based on the above examination, 
 I/We hereby report that, during the Review Period:
 a) The listed entity has complied with the provisions of the above Regulations and circulars/ guidelines  issued 
thereunder, except in respect of matters specified below:
 
sr.
no.
Com- 
pliance 
require- 
ment (regu- 
lations/ 
circulars/ 
guide- lines 
including 
specific 
clause)
regu- 
lation/ 
Circular 
no.
deviations Action 
Taken by
Type of
Action
details of 
Violation
Fine 
Amount
Obser- 
vations/ 
remarks of 
the Practicing 
Company 
secretary 
(PCs)
Manage- ment 
re- sponse
re- marks
not Applicable
 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 90 ===
84
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
b) The listed entity has taken the following actions to comply with the observations made in previous reports:
sr.
no.
Observations/
remarks of 
the Practicing 
Company 
secretary (PCs) 
in the previous 
report
Observations 
made in the 
secretarial 
Compliance 
report for the 
year ended 
March 31, 2025
Compliance 
requirement 
(regulations/
circulars/guidelines 
including specific 
clause) 
details of violation/
deviations and 
actions taken/
penalty imposed, 
if any, on the listed 
entity
remedial actions 
if any, taken by 
listed entity
Comments of 
the PCs on the 
actions taken by 
the listed entity
not Applicable
I. I  hereby report that, during the Review Period the compliance status of the listed entity with the following requirements:
sr.
no.
Particulars Compliance 
status (yes/no/ 
nA)
Observations
/remarks by
PCs*
1. secretarial standards
The compliances of the listed entity are in accordance with the 
applicable Secretarial Standards (SS) issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries India (ICSI).
 Yes
None
2.
Adoption and timely updation of the Policies
• All applicable policies under SEBI Regulations are adopted 
with the approval of board of directors of the listed entities
• All the policies are in conformity with SEBI Regulations  and 
have been reviewed & updated on time, as per the regulations/
circulars/guidelines issued by SEBI
Yes
Yes
None
None
3.
Maintenance and disclosures on Website 
• The Listed entity is maintaining a functional website
• Timely dissemination of the documents/ information   under a 
separate section on the website
• Web-links provided in annual corporate governance reports 
under Regulation 27(2) are accurate and specific which 
redirects to the relevant document(s)/ section of the website.
Yes
Yes
Yes
None
None
None
4.
Disqualification of director(s)
None of the Director(s) of the listed entity is/ are disqualified 
under Section 164 of Companies Act, 2013   as confirmed by the 
listed entity.
Yes
Based on the 
confirmation received 
from the Directors of the 
company
5.
details related to subsidiaries of listed entities have been 
examined w.r.t.
a) Identification of material subsidiary companies
b) Disclosure requirement of material as well as other 
subsidiaries
NA
Yes
The Management had 
identified that during the 
review period, there were 
no Material Subsidiary 
Company. However, the 
company has placed a 
policy for determining 
material subsidiary.
6.
Preservation of documents
The listed entity is preserving and maintaining records as 
prescribed under SEBI Regulations and disposal of records as 
per Policy of Preservation of Documents and Archival policy 
prescribed under SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015.
Yes None
=== PAGE 91 ===
85
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
7. Performance evaluation
The listed entity has conducted performance evaluation   of the 
Board, Independent Directors and the Committees  at the start of 
every financial year/during the financial year as prescribed in 
SEBI Regulations.
Yes None
8.
   related Party Transactions
a) The listed entity has obtained prior approval of Audit   Committee 
for all related party transactions; 
b) In case no prior approval obtained, the listed entity shall 
provided detailed reasons along with confirmation whether 
the transactions were subsequently approved/ratified/rejected 
by the Audit Committee.
Yes
NA
None 
The Company has 
obtained prior approval 
of the Audit Committee 
for all Related Party 
Transactions
9.
disclosure of events or information
The listed entity has provided all the required disclosure(s) 
under Regulation 30 along with Schedule III of SEBI LODR 
Regulations, 2015 within the time limits prescribed thereunder.
Yes
None
10.
Prohibition of insider Trading
The listed entity is in compliance with Regulation 3(5) & 3(6) 
SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015. Yes
Company has proper
Structural Digital
Database software
11.
Actions taken by seBi or stock exchange(s), if any
No action(s) has been taken against the listed entity/ its promoters/ 
directors/ subsidiaries either by SEBI      or by Stock Exchanges 
(including under the Standard Operating Procedures issued by 
SEBI through various circulars) under SEBI Regulations and 
circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder (or)
The actions taken against the listed entity/its promoters/directors/
subsidiaries either by SEBI or Stock Exchanges are specified in 
the last column.
Yes None
12
resignation of statutory auditors from the listed entity or its 
material subsidiaries:
In case of resignation of statutory auditor from the listed entity 
or any of its material subsidiaries during the financial year, the 
listed entity and/or its material subsidiary(ies) has/have complied 
with paragraph 6.1 and 6.2 of section V-D of chapter V of the 
Master Circular on compliance with the provisions of the LODR 
Regulations by listed entities.
NA
There was no 
resignation of the 
statutory auditors in the 
listed entity
13
Additional non-compliances, if any
No additional non-compliance observed for any SEBI    
regulation/circular/guidance note etc. except as reported above. Yes
No additional non 
compliance observed 
for any SEBI regulation/
circular/guidance note 
etc.
We further report that the listed entity is in compliance/not in compliance with the disclosure requirements of Employee 
Benefit Scheme Documents in terms of regulation 46(2)(za) of the LODR Regulations. (not Applicable)
Assumptions & Limitation of scope and review:
1. Compliance of the applicable laws and ensuring the authenticity of documents and information furnished, are the 
responsibilities of the management of the listed entity.
2. Our responsibility is to report based upon our examination of relevant documents and information. This is neither an 
audit nor an expression of opinion.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 92 ===
86
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the listed entity.
4. This Report is solely for the intended purpose of compliance in terms of Regulation 24A(2) of the SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015 and is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the listed entity nor of the efficacy or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the listed entity..
             Amit Anand 
date: 20/05/2025                                                                                       (Practicing Company secretary)
Place: delhi   M. no.: A13409
     CP no.: 17101
     udin: A013409G000387695 
     Peer review no.: 1970/2022
=== PAGE 93 ===
87
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
MAnAGeMenT disCussiOn And AnALysis rePOrT
eCOnOMiC OVerVieW
 Global economics
Global growth is slowing due to a substantial rise in trade barriers and the pervasive effects of an uncertain global policy 
environment. Growth is expected to weaken to 2.3 percent in 2025 as compared to approx. 2.8 percent in 2024 with deceleration 
in most economies relative to last year. This would mark the slowest rate of global growth since 2008, aside from outright 
global recessions. 
Growth could turn out to be lower if trade restrictions escalate or if policy uncertainty persists, which could also result in 
a build-up of financial stress. Other downside risks include weaker-than-expected growth in major economies with adverse 
global spillovers, worsening conflicts, and extreme weather events. On the upside, uncertainty and trade barriers could 
diminish if major economies reach lasting agreements that address trade tensions. The ongoing global headwinds underscore 
the need for determined multilateral policy efforts to foster a more predictable and transparent environment for resolving 
trade tensions, some of which stem from macroeconomic imbalances. 
After a succession of adverse shocks in recent years, the global economy is facing another substantial headwind, with 
increased trade tension and heightened policy uncertainty. This is contributing to a deterioration in prospects across most of 
the world’s economies. For emerging market and developing economies (EMDEs), the ability to narrow per capita income 
gaps with richer countries, boost job creation, and reduce extreme poverty remains insufficient. Downside risks to the outlook 
predominate, including an escalation of trade barriers, persistent policy uncertainty, rising geopolitical tensions, and an 
increased incidence of extreme climate events. Conversely, policy uncertainty and trade tensions may ease if major economies 
succeed in reaching lasting agreements that address ongoing trade disputes. The challenging global context faced by EMDEs 
is compounded by the fact that foreign direct investment inflows into these economies have fallen to less than half of their 
peak level in 2008 and are likely to remain subdued. 
Global headline inflation generally remains elevated relative to central bank targets and prepandemic averages and has even 
risen in some advanced economies since late last year. Slower disinflation globally over the last six months has largely 
reflected continuing inflationary pressures from services prices. The recent rise in consumer inflation expectations has been 
influenced by the implementation of trade restrictions. In addition, core inflation in some economies is expected to remain 
high due to persistent services price increases. In all, GDP-weighted global inflation is projected to average 2.9 percent in 
2025 and 2026—still a little above the average inflation target—but with notable heterogeneity across economies.  Global 
financial conditions have been tighter this year, on average, relative to late 2024, principally reflecting trade policy uncertainty.
 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 94 ===
88
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Outlook
In advanced economies, growth forecasts for 2025 have declined substantially since January, driven by downgrades in some 
of the world’s largest economies. This reflects the shock dealt by the increases in trade barriers—even with the partial 90-
day pause in U.S. tariff increases—and the associated policy uncertainty, financial volatility, and dampening effects on 
confidence. growth is expected to remain below potential growth estimates over the forecast horizon in some advanced 
economies, including in the United States and the euro area.  In the United States, the announcement of trade policy changes 
did not provide much-needed clarity or reduce policy uncertainty, given the scale and scope of new tariffs, shifting timelines 
for their implementation, and fluid lists of exemptions. 
Against the backdrop of a more challenging external environment, EMDE growth is forecast to slow significantly in 2025, 
to 3.8 percent, with only a modest projected pickup in 2026-27. The expected rate of growth is well below prepandemic 
averages and the pace that is needed to create sufficient jobs to meet working-age population growth and make progress 
in closing large per capita income gaps with advanced economies. The deterioration in EMDE growth prospects is driven 
in large part by economies with a high degree of trade and investment openness. In these economies, large manufacturing 
sectors, high global value chain participation, and reliance on global financial markets amplify the negative spillovers from 
the recent shocks to global trade and confidence and the sharp rises in uncertainty and financial market volatility. 
domestic economic 
India is poised to lead the global economy once again, with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) projecting it to remain the 
fastest growing major economy over the next two years. According to the April 2025 edition of the IMF’s World Economic 
Outlook, India’s economy is expected to grow by 6.2 per cent in 2025 and 6.3 per cent in 2026, maintaining a solid lead 
over global and regional peers.
The April 2025 edition of the WEO shows a downward revision in the 2025 forecast compared to the January 2025 update, 
reflecting the impact of heightened global trade tensions and growing uncertainty Despite this slight moderation, the overall 
outlook remains strong. This consistency signals not only the strength of India’s macroeconomic fundamentals but also its 
capacity to sustain momentum in a complex international environment. As the IMF reaffirms India’s economic resilience, the 
country’s role as a key driver of global growth continues to gain prominence.
India is projected to remain the fastest-growing large economy for 2025 and 2026, reaffirming its dominance in the global 
economic landscape. The country’s economy is expected to expand by 6.2 per cent in 2025 and 6.3 per cent in 2026, outpacing 
many of its global counterparts. In contrast, the IMF projects global economic growth to be much lower, at 2.8 per cent in 
2025 and 3.0 per cent in 2026, highlighting India's exceptional outperformance.
Source : IMF and Global Economic Prospect of World Bank
 
=== PAGE 95 ===
89
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
indusTry sTruCTure & deVeLOPMenT
Biotechnology industry
Biotechnology sector is recognized as one of the key drivers for contributing to India's US $ 5 Trillion economy target. Indian 
Biotechnology sector is poised to grow exponentially over the next decade. Policy initiatives of the Government of India 
(GoI) such as Startup India and Make in India programs are aimed to develop India as a world-class Biotechnology and Bio-
manufacturing hub. india is among the Top-12 destinations for biotechnology in the world and 3rd largest destination 
for biotechnology in Asia Pacific. India’s biotechnology sector has a 3% share of the global Biotechnology Industry.
The indian Biotechnology industry was valued at $151.1 billion in 2023, and is projected to reach the national target of 
$300 billion by 2030. The biotechnology is propelled by 600+ biotech companies and 8,500 biotech startups. The Department 
of Biotechnology (DBT), Government of India, which is playing a pivotal role in realizing the sector's potential, aims to foster 
high-performance Biomanufacturing to enable a circular bioeconomy. This approach combines scientific and technological 
advancements with public-private partnerships and international cooperation to drive innovation and green growth.
Global Bio-india 2024 will deliberate on the opportunities and key challenges in the areas of bio-manufacturing, capacity-
building, clinical trials, drug discovery, regulation & policies creating global supply chains for achieving a growth-
oriented road-map for the biotechnology sector in the country. Technical Sessions & Policy dialogues on topics of national 
& Global importance, Bio- Partnering, startup Pavilion, B2B meetings and Mega Biotech exhibition by startups & 
sMes, Biotech Large Companies, Bioincubators, Bio-services,,  are a few salient components of the event. The event 
also aims to showcase and identify key biotechnological innovations, products, services, technologies from national and 
international companies, start-ups and research institutes, as well as foster collaboration and funding opportunities for 
research and development.
Global nutraceutical industry
The global nutraceuticals market size was estimated at usd 591.1 billion in 2024 and is projected to reach usd 
919.1 billion by 2030, growing at a CAGr of 7.6% from 2025 to 2030. The market growth is attributed to the increasing 
consumer awareness of preventative healthcare and the link between diet and well-being.
Key Market Trends & insights
 
• The Asia Pacific nutraceuticals market held 38.9% of the global revenue in 2024.
 • The China nutraceuticals market is set to grow at a CAGR of about 8.6% from 2025 to 2030.
 • Based on product, the dietary supplements segment accounted for a revenue share of 32.6% in 2024.
 • Based on application, the weight management & satiety application accounted for a revenue share of 16.6% in 
2024.
 • Based on distribution channel, the sales of nutraceutical products through offline channels accounted for a 
revenue share of 79.0% in 2024.
Market size & Forecast
 
• 2024 Market Size: USD 591.1 Billion
 • 2030 Projected Market Size: USD 919.1 Billion
 • CAGR (2025-2030): 7.6%
 • Asia Pacific: Largest market in 2024
 • The aging global population, particularly in developed nations, is actively seeking solutions to maintain health 
and manage age-related conditions, leading to a surge in demand for supplements targeting joint health, cognitive 
function, and cardiovascular wellness. Simultaneously, rising rates of chronic diseases like obesity and diabetes 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 96 ===
90
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
are prompting individuals to adopt healthier lifestyles, including incorporating nutraceuticals into their daily 
routines. This proactive approach to health management is a key trend powering the industry forward.
  
MiCrOBiOLOGiCAL CuLTure MediA indusTry
The microbiological culture media industry in India is a growing sector, Titan Biotech (TM Media) leading the way in 
manufacturing and supplying a wide range of products. The industry is driven by research and diagnostic needs in clinical, 
industrial, and academic settings, with companies offering both dehydrated and ready-to-use culture media.
 
• Products and services:
 o dehydrated Culture Media: A range of dehydrated media for various applications. 
 o ready-to-use Culture Media: Pre-prepared media in petri dishes or other formats for convenience and ease of 
use. 
 o specialized Media: Media designed for specific microorganisms or applications, including chromogenic media. 
 o raw Materials and supplements: Basic ingredients like peptones, agars, and other supplements. 
 • industry Applications:
 o Clinical Microbiology: Used in hospitals and diagnostic labs for identifying pathogens. 
 o industrial Microbiology: Used in industries like food, pharmaceuticals, and biotechnology. 
 o research: Crucial for research in diverse fields like microbial diversity, taxonomy, and environmental 
biotechnology. 
  The global microbiology & bacterial culture media market size was estimated at usd 5.46 billion in 2024 
and is expected to grow at a CAGr of 8.82% over the forecast period. This growth is primarily driven by the 
rising demand for accurate disease diagnosis, increased research into antimicrobial resistance, and the growing 
need for microbial testing in food safety & pharmaceutical production.
=== PAGE 97 ===
91
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
PrOduCT Wise PerFOrMAnCe / seGMenT Wise
The Company has only one segment and primarily engaged in the business of Biological Products. As the Company’s business 
activity falls within a single primary business segment.
OuTLOOK
The outlook for the biotechnology, nutraceutical and microbiological culture media sector in India seems promising with 
strong government support for the country's expanding economy and dedication to sustainability and innovation.
risK And COnCern
The nutraceutical and microbiological culture media industries face risks related to product contamination, lack of scientific 
evidence, and regulatory compliance. Contamination with microorganisms like E. coli or Salmonella can occur during 
production, while inadequate testing can lead to health hazards and brand damage. Lack of rigorous clinical studies for 
nutraceuticals also raises concerns about efficacy and safety. 
Organizations can create sustainable value for its stakeholders by effectively managing the risks they are willing to take, 
be it at a strategic, financial or operational. Therefore, identifying, analyzing and promptly managing risks is critical from 
a Corporate Governance standpoint to enable an organization to attain its strategic objectives and protect the interest of its 
stakeholders.
Risks can be categorized as financial, customer concentration operational, strategic, regulatory/statutory, reputational, geo-
political, catastrophic/pandemic.
The major risk is frequent increase in price of few raw materials which can increase cost of product and can make few 
products unprofitable unless the increase is passed on to the user which may at times be difficult due to stiff competition. 
Further, delay in grant of approvals can result in delay in launching of key products in the market. In addition, significant 
competition in key products could also affect market share and profitability of the Company.
OPPOrTuniTies
The increase in the population is driving the demand of product across the world and as we all know a simple rule of 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 98 ===
92
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
economics, higher the population bigger the opportunity. The Global Biotech, nutraceutical and microbiological culture 
media Market is open and the opportunity to tap the global market is immense. The Company has tried to maintain its market 
share during 2024-2025 and is regularly encashing on all opportunities. Your Company has maintained its quality standards 
and always working towards improvements. New Technology Developments and New Product Developments do take place 
and updating in terms of technology and quality is the need of the hour. 
THreATs
Stiff Competition both on domestic and International level poses some threat to the market share of company but since the 
market is quite large, the same is easily absorbed. Your Company has to abide by stringent regulations and specifications 
pertaining to its products in its domestic and export markets. Your Company operates in a highly competitive market. Some 
of the key factors driving competition in the industry include product functionality and quality, pricing, customer service, 
product innovation and effectiveness of marketing and distribution channels. To survive and succeed in a stiff competitive 
environment, it is very important for the Company to distinguish its product and service offerings through a clear and unique 
value proposition. Some of the competitors of the Company have greater financial, marketing and other resources, which 
enables them to pursue more vigorous marketing and expansion activities. Intense competition may have a material adverse 
impact on the Company’s operations.
inTernAL COnTrOL sysTeM And THeir AdeQuACy
Titan Biotech Limited has well established internal control systems for operations of the Company. All the departments of 
the company including the accounts & finance department has experienced and trained staff capable of implementing and 
monitoring internal control systems. The internal control system of the Company is adequate to safeguard the Company’s 
assets and to ensure that the transactions are properly recorded. Further, the internal control system ensures that proper record 
is being kept and all statutory and other laws, rules and regulations are being complied with.
The Company has appointed an independent firm of chartered accountants to monitor the internal audit of its activities, based 
on an internal audit plan, which is reviewed each year in consultation with the statutory auditors and approved by the audit 
committee. The Company has identified inherent reporting risks for major element in the financial statements and established 
controls to prevent the same. These risks and the prevention controls are revisited periodically considering the changes in 
business, IT systems, regulations and internal policies, based on evaluations of the audit, as per Section 177 of the Companies 
Act 2013 and Regulation 18 of SEBI Regulations, 2015, the Audit Committee has concluded that as March 31, 2025, internal 
financial controls were adequate and operating effectively.
FinAnCiAL PerFOrMAnCe vis-à-vis OPerATiOnAL PerFOrMAnCe
revenue
The revenue of the Company reduced  as compared to previous year revenue from rs. 16407.21 Lakhs to rs. 15645.08 
Lakhs mainly due to Economic Slowdown in the Global market, stiff competition, rising cost  
selling and distribution expenses 
The selling and distribution expenses increased by 27.74% primarily because of the increase in Business Promotion and other 
expense during the year ended March 31, 2025.
Tax expenses
Our income taxes decreased by Rs. 181.85 Lacs from Rs. 778.86Lacs for the year ended March 31, 2024 to rs. 596.91 Lacs 
for the year ended March 31, 2025.
Finance Cost
Our finance cost decreased from Rs. 116.99 Lacs for the year ended March 31, 2024 to Rs. 80.18Lacs for the year ended 
March 31, 2025. The decrease and repayment in borrowings during the year ended March 31, 2023, primarily, resulted in 
lower finance expense.
=== PAGE 99 ===
93
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Employee benefits expenses 
Employee benefits expenses account for  16.86% of our total revenue and form a major part of our total expenses. The 
expenses include fixed as well as variable components of employees’ salaries, along with contribution to provident fund and 
gratuity. Share based payments to employees and staff welfare expenses are not a part of that cost. Break-up of this head of 
expenses compared to the previous year’s numbers, is given below:
Particulars Fy 2024-25 Fy 2023-24 increase/ 
(decrease)  %
rs. (in Lacs) % of total revenue rs. (in Lacs) % of total revenue 
salary, Wages & Bonus  2398.57 15.33%  2173.85 13.25% 2.08 
Contribution to Provident & 
Other Funds
173.42 1.10% 141.50 0.86 0.24%
Gratuity Fund and Leave 
Exprnses
74.66 0.47%  57.21 0.35% 0.12%  
Staff Welfare 65.96 0.41 55.70 0.34 0.07%
Total employee benefits expenses has increased by 11.25%. As a percentage of revenue, employee benefits expenses increased 
to 16.86% in FY25 from 14.45% in FY24. Increase in salaries and wages and contribution to provident and other funds, is in 
line with increase in revenue and headcount, taking into account cost optimization and pyramid rebalancing measures 
Annual expenses Break-up (in %)  2024-25  
  
Liquidity And Capital resoutrces/movement of Money (Cash)
The data given in Table A, Cash generated from operating activities in FY 2025 was Rs. 2,611.28 Lacs. Investing activities 
net outflow amounting to Rs. (987.47)  Lacs in FY 2025 includes net investment in property, plant, equipment and intangibles 
to build capacity and capabilities for future business growth. Cash outflow from financing activities was Rs. (796.08)  Lakhs. 
Closing cash and cash equivalents as on March 31, 2025 was Rs.  512.79 Lakhs.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  notice / statutory reports / standalone Financial statement / Consolidated Financial statement
=== PAGE 100 ===
94
Titan Biotech
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
standalone statement of Cash Flows (rs. in Lacs)
PArTiCuLArs 2025 2024
Profit before Tax 2,436.73 3,152.90
Cash Flows from:
i. Operating Activities 2,611.28 2,901.66 
i. Investing Activities (987.47) (2,030.37) 
ii. Financing Activities (796.08) (286.62) 
Closing Cash and Cash equivalents 512.79 284.01 
MATeriAL deVeLOPMenT in HuMAn resOurCes
There has not been any major development on the human resources front. The industrial relation continues to be cordial 
during the year 2024-2025. The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on 31st March, 2025 was 424. 
Total Headcount was increased by 7.07% during the year. 
siGniFiCAnT Key FinAnCiAL rATiOs
Details of significant changes (i.e. change of 25% or more as compared to the immediately previous financial year) in key 
financial ratios, along with detailed explanations therefore-
Particulars Financial year 2024-2025 Financial year 2023-2024 Change 
Debtors Turnover 8.35 8.27 - %
Inventory Turnover ^^ 1.85 2.29 - %
Interest Coverage Ratio 36.59 30.79 -%
Current Ratio 4.46 3.71 -%
Debt-equity Ratio 0.02 0.06 -%
Operating Profit Margin # 16.02 20.67 -%
Net Profit Margin 11.68 14.47 -%
Return on Net Worth 12.59 18.42 -%
# Operating Margin is Defined as profit Before Taxes and Interest
^^ Inventory Turnover defined of Raw Material 
interest Coverage ratio:
Rise in expense due to increase in turnover profit, higher interest cost is the reason for fall in Interest Coverage Ratio.  
CAuTiOnAry sTATeMenT
Statements in the Management Discussion and Analysis describing the Company’s objectives, expectations or predictions may 
be forward looking within the meaning of applicable securities, laws and regulations. Actual results may differ substantially 
or materially from those expressed or implied inter-lia due to risk and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include 
the effect of economic and political conditions in India and abroad, volatility in interest rates and in the securities market, 
new regulations and Government policies that may impact the Company’s businesses as well as the ability to implement its 
strategies. Important factors that would influence the Company’s operations include cost of raw materials, tax laws, interest 
and power cost and economic developments and such other factors within the country and the international economic and 
financial developments. The above discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company’s financial 
statements included in this report and the notes thereto. Investors are also requested to note that this discussion is based on 
the consolidated financial results of the Company.                                                                                                                       
For Titan Biotech Limited  for Titan Biotech Limited
suresh Chand singla   naresh Kumar singla
Managing director   Managing director
din: 00027706    din: 00027448
date: August 13, 2025
Place: delhi
=== PAGE 101 ===
95
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED

=== PAGE 102 ===
96
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the Members of Titan Biotech Limited 
Report on the Standalone Ind AS financial Statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the accompanying standalone Ind AS financial statements of TITAN BIOTEch LImITED (“the Company”) 
which comprises the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive 
Income), Statement of Changes in Equity and Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial 
statements, including a summary of material accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone Ind 
AS financial statements give the information required by the Act in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in 
conformity with the Ind AS and accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at 
March 31, 2025, and profit, total comprehensive income, the changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.   
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Companies 
Act, 2013. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the 
standalone Ind AS financial statements under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the 
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit matters
Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the standalone 
Ind AS financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the Standalone 
Ind AS financial statements as a whole, and informing our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these 
matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
We have determined that there are no other key audit matters to communicate in our report.
Information Other than the Standalone Ind AS financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexures to Board’s Report, Business 
Responsibility Report, Corporate Governance           and Shareholder’s Information, but does not include the standalone Ind AS 
financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. 
Our opinion on the standalone Ind AS financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form 
of assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, 
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone Ind AS financial statements or 
our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, 
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing 
to report in this regard. 
Management Responsibility for the Standalone Ind AS financial Statements 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 
Act”) with respect to the preparation of these standalone Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair view of the 
financial position, financial performance, including other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of the 
Company in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in India, including Indian Accounting Standards (Ind 
AS) prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and 
application of appropriate implementation and maintenance of accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation 
of the standalone Ind AS financial statement that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due 
to fraud or error. 
In preparing the standalone Ind AS financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative 
=== PAGE 103 ===
97
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
but to do so. The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the company’s financial reporting process. Audit trail 
compliance is also primarily the responsibility of the Management.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of Standalone Ind AS financial Statement 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Standalone Ind AS financial statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
standalone Ind AS financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout 
the audit. We also: 
•  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone Ind AS financial statements, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 
or the override of internal control.  
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in 
the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion 
on whether the company has internal financial controls with reference to Financial Statements in place and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone Ind AS financial statements or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the 
date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going 
concern. 
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone Ind AS financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the standalone Ind AS financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a 
manner that achieves fair presentation. 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to 
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance 
in the audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 and are therefore the 
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about 
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report 
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such 
communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government of India 
in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013, we give in the “Annexure A” a statement on the 
matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable. 
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that: 
 a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were 
necessary for the purposes of our audit. 
 b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from 
our examination of those books.
 c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss including the Statement of Other Comprehensive Income, the 
Cash Flow Statement and Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books 
of account.
=== PAGE 104 ===
98
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
 d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone Ind AS financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards specified 
under Section 133 of the Act, read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended.
 e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2025 taken on record by the 
Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from being appointed as a director in 
terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
 f) With respect to the adequacy of the Internal Financial Control with reference to Financial Statements of the Company 
and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure B” Our report expresses 
an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the Company’s internal financial controls over 
financial reporting.
 g) In our opinion the managerial remuneration for the year ended March 31, 2025 has been paid/provided by the Company 
to its directors in accordance with the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act.
 h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations 
given to us: 
  (i) The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its standalone Ind AS 
financial statements – Refer Note 35 to the Standalone Ind AS financial statements;
  (ii) The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any 
material foreseeable losses;
  (iii)  There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company during the year ended March 31, 2025.
  (iv) a)    The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as disclosed in 
notes to accounts, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced 
or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) 
by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entity (‘Intermediaries’) with the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the intermediary shall, whether directly or 
indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf 
of the Company (‘Ultimate Beneficiaries’) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
   b)  The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material 
either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person or entity, 
including foreign entity (‘Funding Parties’) with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Company shall, whether directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified 
in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (‘Ultimate Beneficiaries’) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
   c)  Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to our attention that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) 
and (ii) of Rule 11 (e) as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material misstatement. 
  (v) The dividend declared and paid during the year by the company is in compliance with section 123 of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
  (vi)  Based on our examination in respect of the Company, the feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility was 
not enabled at the database layer to log any direct data changes for the accounting software used for maintaining 
the books of account.
For ANSK & Associates
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 026177N)
cA Akhil mittal
Partner
(Membership No. 517856)
Place: New Delhi
Date: 30.05.2025
UDIN: 25517856BMKXIU8390
=== PAGE 105 ===
99
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
ANNEXURE “A” TO ThE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 2 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ Section of our report of 
even date)
In terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the Company and the books of account and records 
examined by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that
i) (a) (A)  The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and 
situation of Property, Plant and Equipment, capital work-in-progress and right of use assets.
  (B)  The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the company, some of the Property, Plant and Equipment, capital work-in-progress and investment properties were 
physically verified during the year by the Management in accordance with a program of verification, which in 
our opinion provides for physical verification of all the Property, Plant and Equipment, capital work-in-progress 
and investment properties at reasonable intervals having regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its 
activities. According to the information and explanations given to us, no material discrepancies were noticed on 
such verification.
 (c)  With respect to immovable properties (other than properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease agreements 
are duly executed in favour of the Company) disclosed in the financial statements included in property, plant and 
equipment, capital work-in progress and investment properties according to the information and explanations given 
to us and based on the examination of the registered sale deed / title deed provided to us, we report that, the title 
deeds of such immovable properties are held in the name of the company as at the balance sheet date.  
 (d)  The Company has not revalued any of its property, plant and equipment (including Right of Use assets) or intangible 
assets or both during the year. Consequently, the question of our commenting on whether the revaluation is based 
on the valuation by a Registered Valuer, or specifying the amount of change, if the change is 10% or more in the 
aggregate of the net carrying value of each class of Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right of Use assets) 
or intangible assets does not arise.
 (e)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
company, no proceedings have been initiated during the year or are pending against the Company as at 31 March 
2025 for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as amended in 2016) 
and rules made thereunder.
ii) (a)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records produced 
before us, the inventories except Goods in Transit has been physically verified during the year by the management 
at reasonable intervals. In our opinion the coverage and procedure of such verification by the management is 
appropriate having regard to the size of the company and the nature of its operations. No discrepancies of 10% or 
more in the aggregate for each class of inventories were noticed on such physical verification of inventories when 
compared with books of account.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the company, the company has been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five crore rupees, in aggregate, 
from banks or financial institutions on the basis of security of current assets. In our opinion, the quarterly returns or 
statements filed by the company with such banks or financial institutions are in agreement with the books of account 
of the company other than those mentioned in the Note no.44(xii) of the standalone financial statements.
iii) a)  The Company has not provided any guarantee or security or granted any advances in the nature of loans, secured or 
unsecured to companies, firms, limited liability partnership or any other parties during the year. The Company has 
made investments in associates during the year as per details given below::
Particulars Investments in 
Associates (In Lakhs)
Investments in Debt 
Instrument (In Lakhs)
Aggregate amount provided/granted during the year
- Investment 754.69/- -
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above 
cases
- Investment 1,636.89 813.10
 b)  The Company has not provided any guarantee or given any security during the year. However, the Company has 
made investment in debt Instruments and in our opinion, and according to the information and explanations given 
to us, investments made, prima facie, not prejudicial to the interest of the Company.
iv) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of records of the Company, 
=== PAGE 106 ===
100
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
in respect of investments made and loans, guarantees and security given by the Company, in our opinion the provisions 
of Section 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) have been complied with.
v) IIn our opinion, and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not accepted any 
deposits or there are no amount which have been deemed to be deposits within the meaning of sections 73 to 76 of the 
Act and the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 (as amended). Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(v) of 
the Order is not applicable to the Company.
vi) The maintenance of cost records has been specified for the activities of the company by the Central Government under 
section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013. Hence, We have broadly reviewed the books of accounts maintained 
by the Company pursuant to the rules prescribed by the Central Government for maintenance of cost records under 
Section 148(1) of the Act in respect of its manufactured goods by the Company and are of the opinion that prima facie, 
the prescribed accounts and records have been made and maintained. However, we have not carried out a detailed 
examination of the records with a view to determine whether these are accurate or complete.
vii) (a)  According to the information and explanations given to us, the company is generally regular in depositing with 
appropriate authorities undisputed statutory dues including Goods and Services Tax, provident fund, employees’ 
state insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of customs, duty of excise, value added tax, cess and any 
other statutory dues.
 (b)  There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund, Income-tax, Sales 
Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, Duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, cess and other material statutory dues in arrears 
as at March 31, 2025 for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable.
viii) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
company, there were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that were surrendered or disclosed as 
income in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961) during the year. Hence, reporting under 
clause (viii) of the Order is not applicable.
ix) (a)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the company, in our opinion, the Company has not defaulted in the repayment of loans or borrowings from banks, 
financial institutions and Government.
 (b)  The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any 
government authority.
 (c)  The Company has not taken any term loan during the year and there are no unutilized term loans at the beginning of 
the year and hence, reporting under clause (ix)(c) of the Order is not applicable.
 (d)  On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, funds raised on short-term basis have, prima 
facie, not been used during the year for long-term purposes by the Company.
 (e)  On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, the Company has not taken any funds from 
any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.
 (f)  In our opinion, the Company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, 
joint ventures or associate companies.
x) (a)  The Company not raised moneys by way of initial public offer or further public offer (including debt instruments) 
during the year and hence reporting under clause (x)(a) of the Order is not applicable.
 (b)  During the year the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible 
debentures (fully or partly or optionally) and hence reporting under clause (x)(b) of the Order is not applicable to 
the Company.
xi) (a) To the best of our knowledge, no fraud by the Company and no material fraud on the Company has been noticed or 
reported during the year.
 (b)  To the best of our knowledge, no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has been 
filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central 
Government, during the year and upto the date of this report.
 (c)  We have taken into consideration the whistle blower complaints received by the Company during the year and 
provided to us, when performing our audit.
xii) The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting under clause (xii) of the Order is not applicable.
xiii) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
company, in our opinion, the company is in compliance with Section 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, where applicable, 
for all transactions with the related parties and the details of related party transactions have been disclosed in the financial 
statements etc. as required by the applicable accounting standards.
=== PAGE 107 ===
101
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
xiv)   (a)  In our opinion the Company has an adequate internal audit system commensurate with the size and the nature 
of its business.
  (b)  We have considered, the internal audit reports issued to the Company during the year and covering the period 
up to 31 March 2025 for the period under audit.
xv) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the company, in our opinion, during the year the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its 
directors or persons connected with its directors and hence provisions of section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are 
not applicable to the Company.
xvi)  The Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Hence, 
reporting under clause (xvi)(a), (b), (c) and (d) of the Order is not applicable.
xvii) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
company, in our opinion, the company has not incurred cash losses during the financial year covered by our audit and 
the immediately preceding financial year. Hence, reporting under clause (xvii) of the Order is not applicable.
xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year. Accordingly, clause 3(xviii) of the Order is 
not applicable.
xix)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
company, in our opinion, on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realization of financial assets 
and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the financial statements and our knowledge 
of the Board of Directors and Management plans and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the 
assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as 
on the date of the audit report indicating that Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of 
balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state 
that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company. We further state that our reporting is based 
on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities 
falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and when 
they fall due.
xx) The Company has fully spent the required amount towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and there is no 
unspent CSR amount for the year requiring a transfer to a Fund specified in Schedule VII to the Companies Act or 
special account in compliance with the provision of sub-section (6) of section 135 of the said Act. 
xxi)  The reporting under Clause 3(xxi) of the Order is not applicable in respect of audit of financial statements. Accordingly, 
no comment in respect of the said clause has been included in this report.  
For ANSK & Associates
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 026177N)
cA Akhil mittal
Partner
(Membership No. 517856)
Place: New Delhi
Date: 30.05.2025
UDIN: 25517856BMKXIU8390 
=== PAGE 108 ===
102
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
Annexure -B to the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date on the Standalone Ind AS financial statements of Titan 
Biotech Limited
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Titan Biotech Limited (‘the company’) as of March 
31, 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements of the Company for the year ended on 
that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on “the internal 
control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India(‘ICAI’). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its 
business, including adherence to company’s policies, the safe guarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and 
errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, 
as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our 
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an 
audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and 
the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if 
such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial 
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a 
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the 
assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on 
the Company’s internal financial controls system over financial reporting of the company.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting includes those 
policies and procedures that 
1. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company;
2. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being 
made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and
3. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use or disposition of 
the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion 
or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to 
the risk that the internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, 
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting 
and such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on the 
=== PAGE 109 ===
103
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India.
For ANSK & Associates
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 026177N)
cA Akhil mittal
Partner
(Membership No. 517856)
Place: New Delhi
Date: 30.05.2025
UDIN: 25517856BMKXIU8390 
=== PAGE 110 ===
104
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
 STANDALONE BALANCE ShEET AS AT 31ST MARCh, 2025   
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
 Particulars    Note No.   As at   As at 
        31/03/2025   31/03/2024 
ASSETS   
1.  Non-Current Assets   
 a.   Property, Plant and Equipment 2(a)  4,828.88   4,262.55  
 b.  Capital Work-in-Progress 2(b)  168.38 253.21  
 c.   Right of use Assets  3  887.33   931.21    
 d.   Other Intangible assets 4(a)  10.61 7.22  
 e. Intangible assets under development 4(b)  1.60 2.28 
 f.   Financial Assets   
  (i)  Investments  5  2,449.99   2,318.33     
  (ii)  Other Financial Assets 6  393.21  164.87
Total Non-current assets     8,740.00   7,939.67
2.  current Assets    
  a.  Inventories  7  5,072.29   4,557.10
  b.  Financial Assets    
    (i) Trade receivables 8  1,881.63   1,865.79  
      (ii) Cash and cash equivalents  9  512.79  284.01
   (iii) Bank balances other than (ii) above 10 43.04 44.54
    c.  Current Tax Assets (Net) 11(a)  7.31  5.28     
   d.  Other Current Assets  12  386.73  505.23  
Total Current assets    7,903.79   7,261.95 
TOTAL ASSETS    16,643.79   15,201.62 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES   
A  Equity      
   a.  Equity Share Capital  13  826.37   826.37  
   b.  Other Equity  14  13,686.99   12,017.84  
TOTAL EQUITY    14,513.36 12,844.21 
B   Liabilities   
1.  Non-Current Liabilities   
     a.  Financial Liabilities   
       (i)  Borrowings 15(a) 18.43  45.33  
       (ia)  Lease liabilities 16(a)  23.48   69.44  
     b.   Provisions  17(a)  162.78   148.34 
  c.  Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 18  152.10   137.24 
Total Non-Current Liabilities   356.79   400.35 
2.  current Liabilities   
  a.  Financial Liabilities   
    (i)  Borrowings 15 (b)  191.79   671.76 
       (ia)  Lease liabilities 16(b)  45.97   43.76  
      (ii)  Trade payables 19  
        (A) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprise and small enterprises   55.03    55.65   
        (B) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro     466.62    281.17 
           enterprises and small enterprises
      (iii)  Other financial liabilities 20  624.07  610.27  
     b.  Other current liabilities 21 326.82   238.81  
     c.  Provisions  17 (b)  63.34   55.64 
    d.  Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 11(b) - -  
Total Current Liabilities    1,773.64   1,957.06  
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES    16,643.79   15,201.62
Material Accounting  Policies 1  
Notes to Accounts   2-48   
The accompanying notes referred to above form an integral part of the standalone financial statements 
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Suresh chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director  Managing Director
 DIN-00027448 DIN-00027706    
cA Akhil mittal   
Partner charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer   
 ACS-12726  PAN - AARPP5057F 
Place : Delhi  
Date : 30.05.2025
UDIN-25517856BMKXIU8390   
=== PAGE 111 ===
105
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
          STANDALONE  STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR ThE YEAR ENDED AS AT 31ST MARCh, 2025  
     (Rs. in lakhs) 
   Particulars   Note No.   Year Ended  Year Ended 
          31/03/2025   31/03/2024
I.   Revenue from Operations 22  15,645.08   16,407.21 
II. Other Income  23 391.25   174.82  
III. Total Income (I+II)   16,036.33   16,582.03 
IV .  EXPENSES   
  Cost of Materials Consumed 24  7,548.08   8,089.24 
  Changes in inventories of finished goods,    25  (285.27)  (528.63)
  and work in progress
  Employee Benefits Expense 26  2,637.96   2,371.06 
  Finance Costs  27  80.18   117.00 
  Depreciation and Amortization Expense 28  416.98   333.06 
  Other Expenses  29  3,201.67   3,047.40 
 Total (IV)     13,599.60   13,429.13 
V .  Profit before Exceptional & Extraordinary items and Tax (III-IV)   2,436.73   3,152.90  
VI.  Exceptional Items    -   - 
VII. Profit before Tax (V+VI)   2,436.73    3,152.90 
VIII. Tax Expenses:  30  
  Current Tax    596.92   778.87  
 Deferred Tax (Net)    12.40   10.61
  Earlier year Taxes    0.30 (2.90)
 Total tax expense(VIII)  609.62 786.58
IX.  Profit for the period (VII-VIII)   1,827.11 2,366.32 
X.  Other Comprehensive Income   
A (i)  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss   
 (ia) Re-measurement gain on defined benefit plans   9.76  23.36 
 (ii) Income tax on the above item   (2.46) (5.88) 
B (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss   -     -   
 (ii) Income tax on the above item   -     -   
 Total Other Comprehensive Income for the period   7.30  17.48
XI. Total Comprehensive Income for the period (IX+X) (Comprising   1,834.41   2,383.80
     Profit and other Comprehensive  Income for the period 
  Earnings per Equity Share: 31  
  Basic (In Rs.)    22.11 28.64 
  Diluted (In Rs.)    22.11 28.64  
  Material Accounting Policies 1
 Notes to Accounts   2-48   
The accompanying notes referred to above form an integral part of the standalone financial statements
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Suresh chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director  Managing Director
 DIN-00027448 DIN-00027706    
cA Akhil mittal   
Partner charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer  
 ACS-12726  PAN -AARPP5057F 
Place : Delhi  
Date : 30.05.2025
UDIN-25517856BMKXIU8390  
   
=== PAGE 112 ===
106
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
 STATEMENT  OF STANDALONE  CASh FLOwS FOR ThE YEAR ENDED AS AT 31ST MARCh, 2025 
(Rs. in lakhs) 
 Particulars      Year Ended  Year Ended 
    31/03/2025   31/03/2024
A.  cASh FLOWS FROm OPERATING AcTIVITIES    
 Profit before Tax    2,436.73   3,152.90 
 Adjustment for :    
  Finance Costs   80.18   117.00 
  Provisions    31.91   32.63 
  Earlier year Taxes   (0.30)  2.90 
  Unrealised foreign exchange differences   0.38   (9.14)
  Depreciation and Amortization Expenses   416.98   333.06 
 Operating profit before working capital changes   2,965.88   3,629.35 
 Changes in working Capital:   
  (Increase) in Inventories   (515.18)  (940.15)
  (Increase)/ Decrease in Trade Receivables   (9.53)  244.98 
  (Increase)/ Decrease in Other Financial Assets   (228.34)  (3.34)
  Decrease in Other Current Assets   118.89   121.64 
  Increase/ (Decrease) in Trade Payables   184.77   (218.17)
  Increase/ (Decrease) in Other Financial Liabilities   13.62   72.63
  Increase/ (Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities   81.17   (5.28)
Cash generation from Operation   2,611.28   2,901.66 
Payment of Direct Taxes   (598.95)  (787.03)
Net Cash generated - Operating Activities   2,012.33   2,114.63 
B.  cASh FLOWS FROm INVESTmENT AcTIVITIES    
Investment in equity shares   (131.66)  (1,159.71)
Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment   (936.88)  (1,948.49)
Proceeds from Sale of Property, Plant & Equipment   1.58   22.12 
Addition of Capital Work in Progress (Net)   84.83   1,076.18 
Purchase of Other Intangible Assets   (5.39)  (1.38)
Purchase of Intangible assets under development   0.68   (2.28)
(Addition) in Right of use assets   (2.13)  (16.81)
Movement in Fixed Deposits with Banks   1.50   -   
Net Cash (Used) - Investing Activities   (987.47)  (2,030.37)
c.  cASh FLOWS FROm FINANcING AcTIVITIES    
Repayment of Long-term Borrowings     (26.91)  15.44 
Repayment of Lease Liabilities   (43.75)  (38.11)
Proceeds/(Repayment) of Short-term Borrowings (Net)     (479.97)  1.80 
Finance Cost paid       (80.18)  (117.00)
Dividend paid     (165.27)  (148.75)
Net Cash (Used) - Financing Activities   (796.08)  (286.62)
Net (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents   228.78   (202.36)
Add : Opening Cash and Cash Equivalents   284.01   486.37 
Closing Cash and Cash Equivalents (refer note-9)   512.79   284.01 
Details of the Cash and Cash equivalents (Note. 9)    
Balance with Banks    504.93   274.05 
Cash on hand    7.86   7.96 
Bank Deposits with original Maturity less than 3 months   -     2.00 
Cash and Cash Equivalents as per Standalone Statement of Cash Flows   512.79   284.01  
 Notes:    
1.   The above  Standalone Statement of Cash Flows has been prepared under the Indirect Method as set out in Ind  AS 7, ‘ Statement of Cash Flows”. 
2.  Figures in bracket represent outflows.  
3. Previous year’s figures have been regrouped wherever considered necessary to conform to this year’s classification.  
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Suresh chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director  Managing Director
 DIN-00027448 DIN-00027706    
cA Akhil mittal   
Partner charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer  
 ACS-12726  PAN-AARPP5057F 
Place : Delhi  
Date : 30.05.2025
UDIN-25517856BMKXIU8390  
   
=== PAGE 113 ===
107
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
STANDALONE  STATEMENT OF ChANgES IN EQUITY FOR ThE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCh, 2025
A.  Equity Share capital                                                                                 (Rs. in lakhs)
 Balance as at Changes in equity Restated balance Changes in equity Balance as at
 April 1, 2024  share capital due as at April 1, 2024 share capital  March 31, 2025 
  to prior period errors  during the year 
 826.37   -    826.37    -     826.37 
 Balance as at Changes in equity Restated balance Changes in equity Balance as at
 April 1, 2023  share capital due as at April 1, 2023 share capital  March 31, 2024 
  to prior period errors  during the year 
 826.37   -     826.37   -    826.37 
B. Other Equity
     (Rs. in lakhs) 
Particulars Reserves and Surplus Other Comprehensive Income Total Other 
Equity
capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Retained 
Earnings
Items that will not be Reclassified 
to Profit or Loss 
Remeasurement  
gain / (Loss) 
of the defined 
benefit plans (Net 
of tax)
Equity 
Instruments 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (Net of 
tax)
Balance as at April 01, 2023                  -               867.50        8,900.21                   15.08                       -       9,782.79
Profit  for the Year March 31, 2024                    -                         -           2,366.32                           -                          -        2,366.32 
Addition during the year                    -                         -                        -                             -                         -                     -   
Other comprehensive income (net of 
tax) for the year March 31, 2024                    -                         -                        -                       
17.48                       -                
17.48 
Dividend                    -              -            (148.75)                           -                          -         (148.75)
Balance as at March 31, 2024                  -               867.50        11,117.78                   32.56                       -    12,017.84 
Profit for the Year March 31, 2025                    -                         -           1,827.11                           -                          -        1,827.11 
Addition during the year                    -                         -                       -                            -                         -                      -   
Other comprehensive income (net of 
tax) for the year March 31, 2025                    -                         -                        -                     7.31                        -              7.31 
Dividend                   -                         -           (165.27)                           -                          -          (165.27)
Balance as at March 31, 2025                  -    867.50  12,799.62  39.87  -    13,686.99 
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Suresh chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director  Managing Director
 DIN-00027448 DIN-00027706    
cA Akhil mittal   
Partner charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer  
 ACS-12726  PAN - AARPP5057F 
Place : Delhi  
Date : 30.05.2025
UDIN-25517856BMKXIU8390  
   
=== PAGE 114 ===
108
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2025 
1. Company Overview, Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policies
 I corporate Information 
  Titan Biotech Limited (“TBL” or “the Company”) is a public limited company incorporated in India on 18.02.1992 vide CIN-
L74999RJ1992PLC013387 as a Non-govt Company limited by Shares and has its registered office at A-902 A, RIICO Industrial 
Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi (Rajasthan) -301019. The shares of the Company are listed on Bombay Stock Exchange. The Company 
is one of the leading manufacturer and exporter of the Biological products which are used in the field of Pharmaceuticals, 
Nutraceutical, Food & Beverages, Bio-technology & Fermentation, Cosmetic,Veterinary & Animal Feed etc. The Company has 
its manufacturing facilities at A-902 A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi, Distt. Alwar, Rajasthan-301019 (India) and 
at E-539 & 540, RIICO Industrial Area, Chopanki, Distt. Alwar, Rajasthan-301019 (India) and at F-689 & 690, RIICO Industrial 
Area, Chopanki, Distt. Alwar, Rajasthan-301019 (India).
 1.2  Material Accounting Policies
 1.2.1 Basis of Preparation 
 a) Statement of Compliance 
  Theses financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles 
laid down in the Indian Accounting Standard (‘Ind AS’) as per the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 
notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the other relevant provisions of the Act to the extent 
applicable. 
 b) Basis of measurement
  The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost convention on accrual basis except for certain financial assets 
and liabilities which are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Historical cost is generally based on the fair 
value of the consideration given in exchange of goods or services.
 c ) Functional and Presentation currency
  Items included in the financial statements of the Company are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment 
in which the Company operates (“the functional currency”). The financial statements are presented in Indian National Rupee 
(‘INR’), which is the Company’s functional and presentation currency. All amounts have been given in Round off to Lakhs, 
unless otherwise indicated.
 d) Current and Non-current classification
  All Assets and Liabilities have been classified as current and non-current as per the Company’s normal operating cycle and 
other criteria to the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the nature of the business of the Company and its business time cycle from 
inception of an order and its completion on realization in cash and cash equivalents, the Company has ascertained the operating 
cycle as 12 months for the purpose of current and non-current classification of assets and liabilities.  
 e) Use of judgments and estimates
  In preparing these financial statements, the Management has made judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the 
application of accounting policies and the reported amount of assets, liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities and 
contingent assets as at the date of financial statements, income and expenses during the period. Actual results may differ from 
these estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to estimates are recognized 
prospectively in current and future periods.
 f) measurement of fair values
  A number of the Company’s accounting policies and disclosures require measurement of fair values, for both financial and non- 
financial assets and liabilities. The Company has an established control framework with respect to measurement of fair values. 
The directors are responsible for overseeing all significant fair value measurements, including Level 3 fair values. Directors 
regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments.
  Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques as 
follows:
  - Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
  - Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as 
prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices)
  - Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
  When measuring the fair value of an asset or liability, the Company uses observable market data as far as possible. If the inputs 
used to measure the fair value of an asset or liability fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, then the fair value 
measurement is categorised in its entirely in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant 
to the entire measurement.
  The Company recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period during which the 
changes have occurred.
=== PAGE 115 ===
109
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
 1.2.2 Summary of material accounting policies
   The Company has consistently applied the following accounting policies to till periods presented in the financial statements.
   a)  Property, Plant and Equipment
   i)  Recognition and measurement 
    Freehold land is carried at historical cost. All other items of property, plant and equipment are stated at historical 
cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Cost of an item of property, plant 
and equipment comprises its purchase price, including import duties and non-refundable purchase taxes, after 
deducting trade discounts and rebates, any directly attributable cost of bringing the item to its working condition 
for its intended use and estimated costs (Present Value) of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the 
site on which it is located. If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful 
lives, then they are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.
    Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only 
when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Company and the cost 
of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is 
derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to statement of profit or loss during 
the reporting period in which they are incurred. If an item of property, plant and equipment is purchased with 
deferred credit period from supplier, such asset is recorded at its cash price equivalent value. 
    Estimated useful lives of the assets are as follows:
    Nature of Tangible Assets Useful Life (years)
    Plant & Equipments 10 – 20
    Building 30
    Laboratory Equipments 10
    Office Equipments 5
    Furniture, Fixtures & Equipments 10
    Vehicles 8-10
   ii)  Depreciation 
    Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is provided on the Straight Line Method based on the useful life 
of assets as indicates under Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013. Depreciation on additions to or on disposal 
of assets is calculated on pro-rata basis i.e.from (upto) the date on which the property, plant and equipment is 
available for use (disposed off). 
  b)  Recoverability of Trade Receivables
   Judgements are required in assessing the recoverability of overdue trade receivables and determining whether a provision 
against those receivables is required. Factors considered include the credit rating of the counterparty, the amount and 
timing of anticipated future payments and any possible actions that can be taken to mitigate the risk of non-payment.
  c) Impairment of non-financial assets
   At each reporting date, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other than inventories and 
deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication on impairment. If any such indication exists, then the 
asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its 
estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss.
  d )  Inventories
   Inventories are valued at lower of Cost or Net Realisable value. The cost of finished goods is determined by taking 
material, labour and related factory overheads including depreciation. Cost of material is determined on weighted 
average cost basis. Further the cost for Work-in-progress includes material cost, stage wise direct cost and other related 
manufacturing overheads including depreciation.Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course 
of business, less estimated cost of completion and making the sale. Cost of raw materials, packing materials, stores and 
spares are determined on weighted average basis. Obsolete, slow moving and defective inventories are identified at the 
time of physical verification of inventories and where necessary, the same are written off or provision is made for such 
inventories.
  e)   Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
   A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can 
be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. 
Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows (representing the best estimate of the expenditure 
required to settle the present obligation at the balance sheet date) at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments 
of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognised under 
=== PAGE 116 ===
110
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
finance costs. Expected future operating losses are not provided for. Provision in respect of loss contingencies relating to 
claims, litigations, assessments, fines and penalties are recognised when it is probable that a liability has been incurred 
and the amount can be estimated reliably.
   A contingent liability exists when there is a possible but not probable obligation, or a present obligation that may, but 
probably will not, require an outflow of resources, or a present obligation whose amount cannot be estimated reliably. 
Contingent liabilities do not warrant provisions, but are disclosed unless the possibility of outflow of resources is 
remote.
   Contingent assets are not recognised in financial statement. However, when the realisation of income is virtually certain, 
then the related asset is no longer a contingent asset, but it is recognised as an asset.
   Contingent Liabilities/Assets to the extent the Management is aware, are disclosed by way of notes to the financial 
statements.
  f )  Revenue Recognition 
   Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized, when the group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring 
a promised good or service to its customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the group expects to be 
entitled upon satisfying those performance obligations.
   Revenue from sale of products is recognised at the point in time when control of the product is transferred to the 
customer, generally on delivery of the product. The Company considers whether there are other promises in the contract 
that are separate performance obligations to which a portion of the transaction price needs to be allocated. In determining 
the transaction price for the sale of product, the Company considers the effects of variable consideration, the existence 
of significant financing components, non-cash consideration and consideration payable to the customer (if any).
   If the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the Company estimates the amount of consideration to 
which it will be entitled in exchange for transferring the products to customer. The variable consideration is estimated 
at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of 
cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associates uncertainty with the variable consideration is 
subsequently resolved.
   Export Incentive: under various scheme notified by government has been recognized on the basis of credits afforded in 
the passbook or amount received.
   Interest and Dividend Income: Interest income is recognized on a time proportion basis taking into account the amount 
outstanding and the rate applicable. 
   Income from dividend is recognized when right to receive payment is established.
  g )  Employee Benefits
   Short Term Employee Benefits
   Short-term employee benefits are expenses as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount 
expected to be paid if the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past 
service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
   Post-Employment Benefits
   Defined contribution plan
   A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions to a 
statutory authority and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts.
   Retirement benefits in the form of Provident Fund and employee state insurance are a defined contribution scheme and 
contributions paid/payable towards these funds are recognised as an expense in the statement of profit and loss during 
the period in which the employee renders the related service. There are no other obligations other than the contribution 
payable to the respective trusts.
   Defined benefit plan
   The Company provides for gratuity which is a defined benefit plan the liabilities of which is determined based on 
valuation, as at the balance sheet date, made by the independent actuary using the projected unit credit method. Re-
measurement comprising of actuarial gains and losses, in respect of gratuity are recognised in OCI (other comprehensive 
income), in the period in which they occur.
   Re-measurement recognised in OCI (other comprehensive income) are not reclassified to the Statement of Profit and 
Loss in Subsequent periods.
   The classification of the company’s obligation into current and non-current is as per the acturial valuation report.
  h )  Foreign Currency Transactions
   Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the Company’s functional currency at the exchange rates at the 
dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the 
=== PAGE 117 ===
111
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
functional currency at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured 
based on historical cost in a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Exchange 
differences are recognised in Statement of profit & loss.  
  i)  Borrowing costs
   Borrowing costs are interest and other costs incurred in connection with the borrowing of funds. Borrowing costs 
directly attributable to acquisition, construction or production of an asset which necessarily take a substantial period of 
time to get ready for their intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are 
recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.
  j )  Income Tax
   Income Tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it 
relates to items recognised directly in Other Comprehensive Income. Current tax comprises the expected tax payable 
or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year after taking credit of the benefits available under the Income 
Tax Act and any adjustment to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. It is measured using tax rates 
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. 
   Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
for financial reporting purposes and the corresponding tax bases used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax assets include 
Minimum Alternative Tax (MAT) paid in accordance with the tax laws, which gives rise to future economic benefits 
in the form of adjustment of future income tax liability, is considered as an asset if there is probable evidence that the 
Company will pay normal income tax in future. Accordingly MAT is recognised as deferred tax asset in the Balance 
Sheet.
  k )  Segment Reporting
   Operating Segments are reported in a manner consistent with the information reported to the Chief Operating Decision 
Maker (CODM) for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance based on product and 
services.
  l )  Cash and cash equivalents
   For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits 
held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three 
months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of 
changes in value. Bank overdrafts and Cash Credit that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of our cash 
management are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the statement of cash flows. 
Whereas they are classified as borrowings under current liabilities in the balance sheet.
  m)   Statement of cash flow
   Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby net profit/(loss) before tax is adjusted for the effects of 
transactions of a non-cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future cash receipts or payments and item of 
income or expenses associated with investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows from regular revenue generating 
(operating activities), investing and financing activities of the Company are segregated. The Company considers all 
highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk 
of changes in value to be cash equivalents.
  n)  Earning per share
   Basic Earnings Per Share (‘EPS’) is computed by dividing the net profit attributable to the equity shareholders by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period excluding the treasury shares in accordance 
with Ind AS 33 Earnings per share.
   Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing the net profit by the weighted average number of equity shares 
considered for deriving basic earnings per share and also the weighted average number of equity shares that could 
have been issued upon conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares. Dilutive potential equity shares are deemed 
converted as of the beginning of the year, unless issued at a later date. In computing diluted earnings per share, only 
potential equity shares that are dilutive and that either reduces earnings per share or increases loss per share are included. 
The number of shares and potentially dilutive equity shares are adjusted retrospectively for all periods presented for the 
share splits.
  o )  Investments in Subsidiaries
   Investments representing equity interest in subsidiaries carried at cost less any provision for impairment. Investments are 
reviewed for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
  p)  Intangible assets
   i) Recognition and initial measurement
    Intangible assets that are acquired, are recognized at cost initially and carried at cost less accumulated amortization 
and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it increases the future 
=== PAGE 118 ===
112
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which it relates.
    An intangible asset is derecognised upon disposal (i.e, at the date the recipient obtains control) or when no future 
economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising upon derecognition of the asset 
(calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included 
in the statement of profit and loss, when the asset is derecognised   
   ii)  Subsequent measurement (amortisation)
    Amortisation is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets over their estimated useful lives using the 
“Straight line method” (SLM) method, and is included in depreciation and amortisation in statement of profit and 
loss.
    Estimated useful lives of the assets are as follows:
    Nature of Intangible Assets Useful Life (years)
    Software 8
    Software License 3-5
    Amortisation method and useful lives are reviewed at the end of each financial year and adjusted if appropriate
  q) capital work-in-progress
   Capital work-in-progress is recognized at cost, net of accumulated impairment loss, if any. It comprises of property, 
plant and equipment that are not yet ready for their intended use at the reporting date. Depreciation is not recorded on 
capital work-in-progress until construction and installation are complete and the asset is ready for its intended use by the 
management.
  r)  Financial instruments
   A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity 
instrument of another entity. Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party 
to the contractual provisions of the instruments.
   Financial asset and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction cost which are directly attributable 
to the acquisition or issue of financial instruments (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, 
on initial recognition. Transaction cost directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets financial liabilities at 
fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss. Subsequently, financial instruments are 
measured according to the category in which they are classified.
   (i)  Financial Assets
    All purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way 
purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame 
established by regulation or convention in the market place.
    All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured in their entirely at either amortised cost or fair value, 
depending on the classification of the financial assets.
   Classification of financial assets
    Classification of financial assets depends on the nature and purpose of the financial assets and is determined at the 
time of initial recognition.
    The Company classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:
   •  those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income, or through  profit or 
loss), and
   •  those measured at amortised cost
    The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual 
terms of the cash flows.
    A financial asset that meets the following two conditions is measured at amortised cost unless the asset is 
designated at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option:
   •  Business model test : the objective of the Company’s business model is to hold the financial asset to collect the 
contractual cash flows.
   •  Cash flow characteristic test : the contractual term of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
    A financial asset that meets the following two conditions is measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income unless the asset is designated at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option:
=== PAGE 119 ===
113
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
   •  Business model test : the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both 
collecting cash flows and selling financial assets.
   •  Cash flow characteristic test : the contractual term of the financial asset gives rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
    All other financial assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss.
   Investments in equity instrument at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
   On initial recognition, the Company can make an irrevocable election (on an instrument by instrument basis) to present 
the subsequent changes in fair value in other comprehensive income pertaining to investments in equity instrument. This 
election is not permitted if the equity instrument is held for trading. These elected investments are initially measured at 
fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains / losses arising from changes 
in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income. This cumulative gain or loss is not reclassified to profit or loss 
on disposal of the investments.
   The Company has an equity investment in an entity which is not held for trading. The Company has elected to measure 
this investment at amortised cost. Dividend, if any, on this investments is recognised in profit or loss.
   Equity investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
   Investments representing equity interest in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are carried at cost less any 
provision for impairment. Investments are reviewed for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that 
the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
   Financial assets that do not meet the amortised cost criteria or fair value through other comprehensive income criteria are 
measured at fair value through profit or loss. A financial asset that meets the amortised cost criteria or fair value through 
other comprehensive income criteria may be designated as at fair value through  profit or loss upon initial  recognition if 
such designation  eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would arise from 
measuring assets and liabilities or recognising the gains or losses on them on different bases.
   Income Recognition:
   Interest income is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss using the effective interest method. Dividend income 
is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the right to receive dividend is established.
   Impairment
   The Company assesses at each reporting date whether a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) such as investments, 
trade receivables, advances and security deposits held at amortised cost and financial assets that are measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income are tested for impairment based on evidence or information that is available 
without undue cost or effort. Expected credit losses are assessed and loss allowances recognised if the credit quality of 
the financial asset has deteriorated significantly since initial recognition.
   Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the 
assets.For debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income, the loss allowance is recognised in other 
comprehensive income and is not reduced from the carrying amount of the financial asset in the balance sheet.
   The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no 
realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Company determines that the trade receivable does 
not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-
off. However, financial assets that are written-off could still be subject to enforcement activities under the Company’s 
recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in 
standalone statement of profit and loss.
   De-recognition of financial assets
   A financial asset is derecognised only when
   •  The Company has transferred the rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset or
   •  Retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of the financial asset, but assumes a contractual obligation 
to pay the cash flows to one or more recipients.
   (ii)  Financial liabilities and equity instruments
    Classification of debt or equity
    Debt or equity instruments issued by the Company are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in 
accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an 
equity instrument.
    Equity instruments
    An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all 
=== PAGE 120 ===
114
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct 
issue costs. 
    Financial liabilities
    Borrowings, trade payables and other financial liabilities are initially recognised at the value of the respective 
contractual obligations. They are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any discount or premium on 
redemption/ settlement is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss as finance cost over the life of the 
liability using the effective interest method and adjusted to the liability figure disclosed in the Balance Sheet. 
Financial liabilities are derecognised when the liability is extinguished, that is, when the contractual obligation is 
discharged, cancelled and on expiry.
    Offsetting Financial Instruments
    Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is included in the Balance Sheet where there is a 
legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise 
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
  s)  Leases
   Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net 
present value of the following lease payments:
   a. fixed payments 
   b. amount expected to be payable under residual value guarantees 
   c. the exercise price of a purchase option if it is reasonably certain that the Group will exercise that option
   Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the 
liability. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily 
determined, which is generally, the case for lessees, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate used, being the rate that the 
individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use 
asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions. 
   To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group: 
   a. where possible, uses recent third-party financing received as a starting point, adjusted to reflect changes in 
financing conditions since third party financing was received 
   b. uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by the 
Group, which does not have recent third party financing, and 
   c. makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security. 
   Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the 
liability for each period. 
   Right of use assets are measured at cost comprising the following: 
   a. the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability 
   b. any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, 
   c. any initial direct costs, and 
   d. restoration cost 
   Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the lower of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-
line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the 
underlying asset’s useful life. 
   Payments associated with short term leases and all leases of low value assets are recognized on a straight-line basis as 
an expense in profit or loss. Short term leases are leases where the lease term is 12 months or less.
  t) Recent accounting pronouncements
   Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new standards or amendments to the existing standards under Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued from time to time. During the year ended March 31, 2025, MCA has 
notified Ind AS 117 - Insurance Contracts and amendments to Ind As 116 – Leases , relating to sale and lease back 
transactions, applicable from April 1, 2024. The Company has assessed that there is no significant impact on its financial 
statements.
   On May 9, 2025, MCA notifies the amendments to Ind AS 21 - Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates. These 
amendments aim to provide clearer guidance on assessing currency exchangeability and estimating exchange rates when 
currencies are not readily exchangeable. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after April 1, 
2025. The Company is currently assessing the probable impact of these amendments on its financial statements.
=== PAGE 121 ===
115
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
Notes to the STANDALONE Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2025      
 2 (a)  PROPERTY PLANT AND EQUIPmENT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                (Rs. in Lakhs)
 Gross carrying Value Depreciation Net carrying value
   Description As at Additional / Sales / As at As at Additional /  Sales / As at As at As at
 April  1, 2024 adjustments adjustments March  April 1, Adjustments Adjustments March March March
    31, 2025 2024   31, 2025 31, 2025 31, 2024
Buildings  2,075.59  108.12   -   2,183.71   461.67   67.77   -  529.44   1,654.27   1,613.92  
Plant and Equipment  3,420.32  795.66   1.67   4,214.31   1,046.63   259.74  0.45   1,305.92   2,908.39   2,373.69 
Office Equipments 46.63   9.55   -   56.18   35.26   3.75   -   39.01   17.17   11.37  
Furniture and Fixtures 145.97   5.80   0.35   151.42   79.12   7.87   -   86.99   64.43   66.85  
Vehicles  300.79   17.75   -   318.54   104.07   29.85   -   133.92   184.62   196.72  
Total  5,989.30   936.88   2.02   6,924.16   1,726.75   368.98   0.45   2,095.28   4,828.88   4,262.55
Previous Year   4,121.09   1,948.49   80.28   5,989.30   1,500.52   284.40   58.17   1,726.75   4,262.55   2,620.57 
(i) The title deeds of the immovable properties are held in the name of the Company.
(ii) The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment
2(b) cAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS            (Rs. in Lakhs)
 cost  Amount 
 As at April 1, 2023 1, 329.40
 Additions  4.86
 Capitalised during the year (1,081.05)
 As at March 31, 2024 253.21
 As at April 1, 2024 253.21
 Additions 670.69
 Capitalised during the year  (755.52)
 As at March 31, 2025 168.38
(i) The title deeds of the immovable properties are held in the name of the Company. 
 cAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS AGEING
 Ageing for capital works-in-progress as at March 31, 2025 as follows:                                                                                               (Rs. in Lakhs)
 Description Amount in cWIP for the period of Total
 Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years 
Projects in progress 168.38 - -   -    168.38      
 168.38 -     -     -    168.38
Ageing for capital works-in-progress as at March 31, 2024 as follows:
 Description Amount in CwIP for the period of Total
 Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years 
Projects in progress 4.86 248.35   -     -     253.21  
 4.86 248.35    -     -    253.21
Project execution plans are modulated basis capacity requirement assessment on an annual basis and all the projects are executed as per rolling annual plan..   
=== PAGE 122 ===
116
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
3     RIghT-OF- USE ASSETS          
 Set out below are the carring amount of right-of-use assets recognised and the movments during the period:                                                                                                                       (Rs. in Lakhs)
Description Gross carrying Value   Amortisation  Net carrying Value 
 As at 
April 1 ,2024 
 Additions/
adjustments 
 Sales/ 
adjustments 
 As at
 March 31, 2025 
 As at
 April 1, 2024 
Additions/ 
Adjustments
Sales/ 
Adjustments
 As at 
March 31,2025 
 As at
 March 31,2025 
 As at 
March 31,2024 
Land    864.51             2.13                -      866.64     25.93                 8.86                -      34.79       831.85     838.58 
Office premises 
(Commercial)    229.03                      -                 -      229.03      136.40               37.15                 -  173.55        55.48   92.63
Total 1,093.54          2.13                -   1,095.67    162.33            46.01                 -   208.34      887.33     931.21 
Previous Year 1,076.74         16.81                -   1,093.54      116.36             45.99             -    162.33  931.21      960.39 
(i) The Company has not revalued its Right of Use Assets. 
4 (a)    OThER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
             Summary of cost and net carrying amount of each class of Intangible assets are given below:                                                                     (Rs. in Lakhs)
Description Gross carrying Value   Amortisation  Net carrying Value 
 As at 
April 1, 2024 
 Additions/
adjustments 
 Sales/
 adjustments 
 As at 
March 31,2025 
 As at 
April 1,2024 
 Additions/ 
Adjustments 
 Sales/ 
Adjustments 
 As at March 
31,2025 
 As at March 
31,2025 
 As at March 
31,2024 
Computer Software          48.40 5.39                -        53.79           42.52              1.56                      -                  44.08                          9.7 1              5.88 
Software License                 1.38     -                -        1.38                    0.04              0.44                      -                  0.48                         0.90                     1.34
Total         49.78            5.39                -         55.17     42.56              2.00                    -                     44.56                   10.61             7.22 
Previous Year         48.40           1.38                 -       49.78      39.88              2.68                      -                 42.56                   7.22           8.52
(i) The Company has not revalued its other intangible Assets. 
4(b). INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER  DEVELOPmENT                                                                                                                                                                               (Rs. in Lakhs)
cost  Amount 
As at April 1, 2023                 2.28 
Additions                       - 
Capitalised during the year                2.28 
As at March 31, 2024                 2.28 
As at April 1, 2024                 2.28 
Additions                1.60
Capitalised during the year             (2.28)
As at March 31, 2025            1.60 
=== PAGE 123 ===
117
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER DEVELOPmENT AGEING   
Intangible assets under development aging schedule as at March 31, 2025  (Rs. in Lakhs) 
Description Amount in Intangible Assets under Development for the period of Total
 Less than 1 year 1-2 years  2-3 years More than 3 years
Projects in progress 1.60 -  - -  1.60
 1.60  -     -    -  1.60
Intangible assets under development aging schedule as at March 31, 2024                                                                       (Rs. in Lakhs)
Description Amount in Intangible Assets under Development for the period of Total
 Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
Projects in progress 2.28 - -  - 2.28
 2.28  -     -    - 2.28
Note : New Accounting software - Navision Business Central is under development as on 31-03-2025.
5. INVESTMENTS                                                                                                                   (Amt. in ` Lakh)
 NON CURRENT INVESTMENTS Face value As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
 A. Investments measured at Amortised cost  Per Unit No. of Share Value No. of Share Value
  method (Acm) (Equity Instrument)  
 Associates     
 Fully paid-up     
 Peptech Biosciences Limited 10.00  12,74,940   127.49   12,74,940   127.49 
 Titan Media Ltd. 10.00  100   0.02  100 0.02
 Total     
 Partly paid-up     
 Peptech Biosciences Limited 10.00  31,50,050   1,102.52   31,50,050   551.26 
 Titan Media Ltd. 10.00  33,90,510   406.86    33,90,510   203.43  
 Total  78,15,600   1,636.89  78,15,600   882.20
  
 B.  Investments Measured at Fair Value through Profit & Loss (FVTPL)
      (Rs. in Lakhs)
  As at  As at  
   March 31, 2025                     March 31, 2024
  Investments in Debt Instruments Quoted, fully paid up  813.10    1,436.13  
    813.10   1,436.13  
  Total Investments (A+B)  2,449.99  2,318.33 
    (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 1)  The following shall also be disclosed: As at                        As at         
   March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 
 (a) Aggregate amount of quoted investments and market value thereof;  813.10    1,436.13  
 (b) Aggregate amount of unquoted investments; and 1,636.89 882.20
 (c) Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments.  -     -
    2,449.99  2,318.33  
            (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 2)  category-wise Investments  As at                        As at         
   March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 (a) Financial Assets measured at amortised Cost 1,636.89 882.20
 (b) Financial Assets measured Fair Value through  -     -  
  Other Comprehensive Income 
 (c) Financial Assets measured Fair Value through Profit and Loss  813.10    1,436.13
    2,449.99   2,318.33
=== PAGE 124 ===
118
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
6 OThER FINANCIAL ASSETS         (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 Particulars As at  As at
  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
 Security Deposits   101.31   96.69  
 Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity  202.11    35.60 
 Balance with Revenue Authorities  89.79   32.58  
   393.21   164.87
7 INVENTORIES  
   (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars As at As at
  March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 At the lower of cost or net realisable value  
 Raw Material  2,860.97    2,656.36 
 Finished Goods  614.38   439.44 
 Work-in-progress  1,314.42   1,204.09 
 Packing Material  258.84   228.63 
 Stores & Spares Parts  23.68   28.58 
   5,072.29   4,557.10   
8 TRADE RECEIV ABLES   
   (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 Particulars As at As at
  March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Considered good – Secured -   - 
 Considered good – Unsecured  1,881.63   1,762.09 
 Disputed Trade Receivables– considered good -   103.70 
 Trade Receivables – credit impaired -     -   
   1,881.63   1,865.79 
 Note : Trade receivables have been hypothecated with banks against working capital loans, refer note 14 for details. Also refer note 
39B for related parties details. 
 Ageing for trade receivables As at March 31,2025 as follows:                                                                       (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars                                                  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
  Not Due Less than 6 months  1 - 2 years 2 - 3 years More than 
   6 months 1 year   3 years
 Undisputed trade receivables – considered good  862.17   876.65   89.42   11.24   0.70   41.45   1,881.63
 Undisputed trade receivables – which have -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 significant increase in credit risk
 Undisputed trade receivables – credit impaired  -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 Disputed trade receivables – considered good -     -     -     -     -   -     - 
 Disputed trade receivables – which have significant  -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 increase in credit risk
 Disputed trade receivables – credit impaired  -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 
  862.17   876.65  89.42  11.24   0.70   41.45   1,881.63 
 
Ageing for trade receivables As at March 31, 2024 as follows:       (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 Particulars     Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
  Not Due Less than 6 months  1 - 2 years 2 - 3 years More than 
   6 months 1 year   3 years
 Undisputed trade receivables – considered good  1,477.66   169.26   66.46   10.50   3.38  34.83   1,762.09 
 Undisputed trade receivables – which have  -     -     -     -     -     -     - 
 significant increase in credit risk  
 Undisputed trade receivables – credit impaired  -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 Disputed trade receivables – considered good  -     -     -     -  103.70     -     103.70 
 Disputed trade receivables – which have significant  -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 increase in credit risk 
 Disputed trade receivables – credit impaired  -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
   1,477.66   169.26   66.46   10.50  107.08   34.83   1,865.79 
=== PAGE 125 ===
119
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
 (i) Note : Debts dues by        
         (Rs. in Lakhs)
 Particulars As at     As at
  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Directors or other officers of the company *  -     -   
 Firm in which director is a partner  -     -   
 Private company in which director is a member  2.43  0.07
 * Either severally or jointly  
 (ii) Note : There are no unbilled dues to be disclosed. 2.43 0.07
9 CASh AND CASh EQUIV ALENTS       (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars As at     As at
  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Balance with Banks  504.93  274.05 
 Cash on hand  7.86   7.96 
 Bank Deposits with original Maturity less than 3 months - 2.00
  512.79  284.01 
10  OThER BANK BALANCE  (Rs. in lakhs)
  Particulars As at       As at
   March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
  Other Fixed Deposit with original Maturity less than 3 months   43.04 44.54
   43.04 44.54
11(a) cURRENT TAX ASSETS (NET)
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
  Particulars As at     As at
   March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
  Advance Income tax/TDS 604.23   784.15 
  Less:Provision for Current Tax (596.92)  (778.87)
   7.31 5.28
11(b) CURRENT  TAX LIABILITY (NET)
     (Rs. in lakhs)
  Particulars As at   As at
   March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
  Provision for Current Tax - -
  Less: Advance Income tax/TDS - -
   - -
12 OThER CURRENT ASSETS  
     (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars As at   As at
   March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
 Balance with Revenue Authorities  90.95  62.14 
 Goods in transit included Raw material inventories  9.77   30.41 
 Advances to Suppliers 164.06  103.84 
 Advances to Others 89.01  284.99 
 Prepaid Expenses  31.73   18.72 
 Advance to Employees  1.21   5.13 
    386.73  505.23 
=== PAGE 126 ===
120
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
13 EQUITY ShARES CAPITAL  (Rs. in lakhs) 
 Particulars As at As at
   March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Authorized:  
 100,00,000 (Previous year 100,00,000 Equity Shares ) of Rs.10/-each  1000.00   1000.00 
   1000.00   1000.00 
 Issued:                  
 82,63,700 (Previous year 82,63,700) Equity Shares of  Rs.10/- each   826.37   826.37 
   826.37    826.37
 Subscribed and Paid-up:     
 82,63,700 (Previous year 82,63,700) Equity Shares of  Rs.10/- each   826.37   826.37
   826.37    826.37
(i) Reconciliation of Shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period  
    As at March 31, 2025   As at March 31, 2024  
   Numbers   (Rs. in Lakhs)   Numbers   (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 Equity Shares outstanding at the beginning of the year  82,63,700   826.37  82,63,700  826.37 
 Add: Equity Shares Issued during the year   -   -   -   - 
 Equity Shares outstanding at the end of the year  82,63,700   826.37   82,63,700   826.37 
(ii) Detail of shareholder holding more than 5 percent shares of the Company as on reporting date are given below:
   As at March 31, 2025   As at March 31, 2024  
   Numbers of  Percentage of   Numbers of   Percentage of
   Share held holding  Share held holding
 1.  Titan Securities Limited  27,76,155  33.59%  27,76,155  33.59%
 2.  Tanita Leasing & Finance Limited  7,84,455  9.49%  7,84,455  9.49%
 3.  Connoisseur Management Services P. Ltd,  5,60,000  6.78%  5,60,000  6.78%
 4.  Investor Education And Protection Fund  7,66,883  9.28%  7,27,932  8.81%
  Authority (Ministry Of Corporate Affairs)
(iii) Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to shares    
 Equity shares   
 The Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of Rs. 10 each. Each shareholder is eligible for one vote per share held and 
carry a right to dividend. The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting, except in case of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining 
assets of the Company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding.
(iv) Disclosure of Shareholding of Promoters    
 Disclosure of shareholding of promoters as at March 31, 2025 & March 31, 2024 is as follows:  
 Shares held by promoters
 S. No. Promoter Name  As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024   % Change
    No. of Shares  % of Total  Shares No. of  Shares % of Total Shares  during the year
 1 Madhu Gupta 66510 0.80 66510 0.80 -   
 2 Manju Singla 71210 0.86 71210 0.86  -   
 3 Naresh Kumar Singla 34510 0.42 34510 0.42  -   
 4 Raja Singla 61100 0.74 61100 0.74  -   
 5 Ravinder Gupta 7900 0.10 7900 0.10  -   
 6 Shivom Singla 35400 0.43 35400 0.43  -   
 7 Supriya Singla 54493 0.66 54493 0.66  -   
 8 Suresh Chand Singla 105671 1.28 105671 1.28  -   
 9 Udit Singla 50000 0.61 50000 0.61  -   
 10 Naresh Kumar Singla HUF  10000 0.12 10000 0.12  -   
 11 Ravinder Gupta HUF 111 0.00 111 0.00  -   
  12 Connoisseur Management 560000 6.78 560000 6.78  -   
   Services Private  Limited
 13 Tanita Leasing & Finance 784455 9.49 784455 9.49  -  
    Limited  
 14 Titan Securities  Limited 2776155 33.59 2776155 33.59  -   
   Total 4617515  55.88  4617515  55.88  -
=== PAGE 127 ===
121
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
14  OThER EQUITY                                                                                                                                                        (Rs. in lakhs)
 
Particulars Reserves and Surplus Other Comprehensive Income Total 
Other Equity
capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Retained 
Earnings
Items that will not be 
Reclassified to Profit or Loss 
Remeasurement  
gain / (Loss) 
of the defined 
benefit plans 
(Net of tax)
Equity 
Instruments 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (Net of 
tax)
Balance as at April 01, 2023             -         867.50  8,900.21                   15.08                         -          9,782.79 
Profit for the Year March 31, 2024                  -                   -    2,366.32                           -                              -           2,366.32 
Addition during the year                 -                   -                 -                             -                              -                       -   
Other comprehensive income (net of tax) 
for the year March 31, 2024                  -                   -                 -                        
17.48                            -                   
17.48 
Dividend                  -                   -     (148.75)                           -                              -           (148.75)
Balance as at March 31, 2024             -         867.50 11,117.78                    32.56                         -   12,017.84 
Profit for the Year March 31, 2025                  -                   -   1,827.11                           -                              -           1,827.11 
Addition during the year                  -                   -                 -                             -                              -                       -   
Other comprehensive income (net of tax) 
for the year March 31, 2025                  -                   -                  -                      7.31                            -                7.31 
Dividend                  -                   -     (165.27)                           -                              -           (165.27)
Balance as at March 31, 2025             -         867.50 12,779.62                    39.87                         -    13,686.99 
15.  FINANCIAL LIABILITIES  (NON CURRENT)
15(a) BORROwINgS                                                                             (Rs. in lakhs)
    As at As at
 Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 
  Loan From Bank    
  Secured  
  Term Loans 
  (I) From banks 20.71 29.90
  (II) From  other parties 35.13 57.61
  Total    55.84  87.51
  Less: current maturity of Long Term Borrowings (37.41)  (42.18)
  Total   18.43  45.33
  Details of current maturity of long term borrowing:
  
  Secured  
  Term Loans  
  (I) From banks 12.95 19.70
  (II) From  other parties 24.47 22.48
  Total   37.42 42.18
15.  FINANCIAL LIABILITIES  (CURRENT)
15 (b) BORROWINGS      (Rs. in lakhs)
     As at As at
   Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 
   Loans repayable on demand  
   From Bank  
   w orking Capital Loans (secured) -at amortised cost
   Cash Credit,Packing Credit and Bill Discounting Facilities 154.37 629.58
   Current Maturity of Long Term Borrowings (refer note 15)  37.42  42.18 
     191.79   671.76
=== PAGE 128 ===
122
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
 Note: (a) Terms of repayment of Borrowings:
(i)  Cash Credit, Packing Credit and Bill Discounting Facilities lending from ICICI Bank repayable on demand and bear interest of  Repo 
Rate + 2.60% P.A. with repayable amount as on 31.03.2025 is Rs.154.37 lakhs   
(ii) Vehicle loan pending from TOYOTA FINANCIAL SERVICES INDIA LTD. repayable on equal monthly instalment of  Rs. 1.10 
lakhs bear interest of  8.50% P.A. with maturity date of  10-08-2026 having principal amount as on 31.03.2025 is Rs.15.57 lakhs and  
TOYOTA FINANCIAL SERVICES INDIA LTD. on equal monthly instalment of Rs. 1.10 lakhs bear interest of 8.50% P.A. with 
maturity date of 10.08.2026 having principal as on 31.03.2025 is Rs.17.56 lakhs.
(iii) Vehicle loan pending from HDFC Bank repayable on equal monthly instalment of  Rs. 0.30 lakhs bear interest of  9.10% P.A. 
with maturity date of  07-03-2025 having principal amount as on 31.03.2025 is Rs.10.51 lakhs and HDFC Bank on equal monthly 
instalment of Rs. 1.31 lakhs bear interest of 11.50% P.A. with maturity date of 05.11.2025 having principal as on 31.03.2025 is 
Rs.10.20 lakhs.    
 
Note (b) : Charge on secured borrowings is as given below:  
1 Primary Security
(i) Cash Credit -> Hypothecation by way of  First and Exclusive charge on all present and future stocks and book debts for CC limit, FD 
for LC/BC.   
(ii) Vehicle loan is hypothecation on specific car.   
2 Collateral Security  
(i) Plot No. SP-238 (B & C)-2, RIICO Industrial Area, Kaharani, Distt. Alwar, Bhiwadi, Rajasthan-301019 
Note (c) : above secured Loans (Other than Vehicle Loan) are personal guarantee of five directors.   
16  LEASE LIABILITIES
  
16(a) Non current Lease liabilities    (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
  Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
  Lease Liabilities 67.23   107.55
  Less:-Discharge of liabilties  (43.75)    (38.11)
  23.48   69.44 
16(b) current Lease Liabilities                                           (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
     Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
  Lease liabilities  45.97 43.76 
   45.97  43.76
  Amounts recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss as on 31-03-2025  
  Interest on Lease Liability    9.49 12.62  
  Depreciation on Right of Use asset  37.15  37.15 
  The maturity analysis of the lease liability is included in the refer note 41.   
 The effective interest rate for lease liabilities is 9.00% & 8.10%, with maturity between 2028-29.
17(a) PROVISIONS (NON-CURRENT)    (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
     Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
  Provision for Employees Benefits 162.78 148.34
   162.78 148.34
17(b) PROVISIONS (CURRENT)    (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
     Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
  Provision for Employees Benefits 63.34 55.64
   63.34 55.64
=== PAGE 129 ===
123
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
18  DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (Net)     (Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at                           As at
  Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
  Deferred Tax Liabilities   279.69    242.35   
  Less: Deferred Tax Assets  (127.59)  (105.11)
    152.10   137.24  
      (Rs. in lakhs)
  Movement in Deferred tax liabilities/ assets  As at  March 31, 2025   As at  March 31, 2024
  balances :-
  Deferred tax liabilities Opening Recognised Recognised Closing Opening Recognised/ Recognised Closing
  /(assets) in relation to:- Balance   /reversed through  in Other Balance Balance reversed in Other Balance
    Profit or Loss  Comprehensive    through Comprehen- 
     Income   Profit or Loss sive Income  
  Deferred tax Assets in relation to:-        
  Provision for Employees Benefits 65.68   10.11   -     75.79   56.94   8.74   -     65.68  
  Leave Encashment 39.43   12.37   -     51.80   30.16   9.27   -     39.43
  Total Deferred Tax Assets  105.11   22.48   -     127.59   87.10   18.01   -     105.11
  Deferred tax Liabilities in relation to:-       
  Depreciation and Amortization Expense  230.93   34.88   -     265.81   202.31   28.62   -     230.93 
  Re-measurement gain on defined benefit plans 11.42   -     2.46   13.88   5.54   -     5.88   11.42 
  Total Deferred Tax Liabilities  242.35   34.88   2.46   279.69   207.85   28.62   5.88   242.35  
19  TRADE PAYABLES
  (Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at                           As at
  Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
  Total outstanding dues of micro enterprise and small enterprises 55.03 55.65
  Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises 466.62 281.17
  521.65 336.82
 
  Ageing for trade payables As at March 31,2025 as follows:         (Rs. in lakhs) 
         Particulars                       Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment    Total
  Not due Less than  1 - 2 years 2 - 3 years More than 
   1 year   3 years 
 MSME (Refer note-37) 55.03   -   -     -     -     55.03 
 Others  177.00   287.84   0.04  1.10     0.64   466.62  
 Disputed due-MSME  -     -     -     -     -     -   
 Disputed due-Others  -     -     -     -     -     -    
  232.03   287.84   0.04   1.10     0.64  521.65
   Ageing for trade payables As at March 31,2024 as follows:    (Rs. in lakhs) 
   Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment    Total
  Not due Less than  1 - 2 years 2 - 3 years More than 
   1 year   3 years
  MSME (Refer note-37) 45.99   9.66     -     -     -     55.65  
  Others  102.97   176.50   1.14  - 0.56  281.17
  Disputed due-MSME  -     -     -     -     -     -   
  Disputed due-Others  -     -     -     -     -     -   
   148.96   186.16   1.14   -   0.56 336.82 
     (i) Note : There are no unbilled dues to be disclosed. 
=== PAGE 130 ===
124
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
20 OThER FINANcIAL LIABILITIES    
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
 Particulars As at                           As at
  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Expenses Payable  277.61  292.07  
 Security deposits received from customers (at Amortised Cost)  8..94   5.84
 Creditors for exp.  294.48  267.82
 Unpaid dividend account 43.04 44.54
   624.07   610.27 
21 OThER CURRENT LIABILITIES  (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 Particulars As at                   As at                          
  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Advance from customers 246.62    195.55 
 Statutory dues  80.20    43.26  
   326.82  238.81  
22 REVENUE FROm OPERATIONS   (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars Year Ended                          Y ear Ended
  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Sale of Products (Net of  Discount)  15,645.08   16,407.21  
   15,645.08   16,407.21 
23 OThER INCOME   (Rs. in lakhs) 
 Particulars Year Ended                  Year ended
  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Interest  
  Bank Deposits  9.72   2.74 
  Others  41.28 5.83 
 Other Non-Operating Income 283.95   109.95 
 Gain on Financial Assets  
  Net Gain or (losses) on fair value change  56.30   56.30 
    391.25   174.82  
24 COST OF MATERIALS  CONSUMED    (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars Year Ended                  Year ended
   March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
 Raw material  
 Opening Balance  2,656.36   2,274.74  
 Add : Purchases of Raw Material  7,751.54   8,468.33 
    10,407.90  10,743.07  
 Less: Closing Stock   2,860.97   2,656.36  
 Cost of Raw Material Consumed :  7,546.93   8,086.71 
 Packing Material  
 Opening Balance 22.93  21.21  
 Add : Purchases  2.12   4.25 
   25.05  25.46 
 Less: Closing Stock   23.90 22.93 
 Cost of Packing Material Consumed : 1.15   2.53 
 Total Cost of raw material and components consumed  7,548.08   8,089.24 
=== PAGE 131 ===
125
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
25 ChANgES IN INVENTORIES OF FINIShED gOODS AND wORK IN PROgRESS   
     (Rs. in lakhs) 
 Particulars Year Ended                  Year ended
   March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Inventories (At Commencement)                                       
 Finished Goods 439.44    360.79 
 Work-in-Progress  1,204.09   754.11 
    1,643.53   1,114.90  
 Inventories (At close)       
 Finished Goods 614.38   439.44 
 Work-in-Progress  1,314.42  1,204.09 
    1,928.80    1,643.53
 (Increase)/ Decrease in Inventories  (285.27)   (528.63)
26 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE  (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 Particulars Year Ended                  Year ended
   March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Salaries & Wages   2,398.57   2,173.86 
 Contribution to Provident & Other Funds  173.43    141.50
 Staff Welfare Expenses 65.96  55.70 
    2,637.96   2,371.06 
27 FINANCE COST    (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars Year Ended                  Year ended
   March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
 Interest expense on financial liabilities at amortised cost  44.04    79.57 
 Other finance costs  21.49  23.10 
 Net interest on defined benefit arrangement  14.65    14.33 
    80.18  117.00   
28 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION EXPENSE   (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars Year Ended                  Year ended
   March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Depreciation Property Plant & Equipment  368.97    284.40 
 Amortisation intangible assets  2.00    2.68 
 Amortisation of right- of- use assets  46.01   45.98
    416.98  333.06  
=== PAGE 132 ===
126
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
29 OThER EXPENSES  (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars Year Ended                  Year ended
   March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Manufacturing & Operating Overheads  
 Cartage & Freight Inward  107.80   114.19
 Power & Fuel Exp.  953.14   997.92
 Repair & Maintenance -Factory  98.77   84.08
 Lab Exp.  17.63   13.18 
 Consumable Store  51.22   103.03
 Packing Material 385.83   444.18 
 Processing Charges  48.07   56.35
    1,662.46   1,812.93 
 Administrative Expenses   
 Auditors’ Remuneration - (a)  3.35   3.14
 Cost Audit Fees  1.05   -
 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)  59.61   63.90 
 Director  Sitting Fees  2.43   0.95 
 Economic Charges  2.23   2.90
 Factory Cleaning Exp.  15.80   16.52 
 Electricity Exp.  29.95   25.80 
 Rates & Taxes  41.65   35.50 
 Repair & Maintenance  
  Building  19.36   14.07 
  Vehicle  19.02   19.03 
  Others  19.39   15.80 
 Internal Audit Fees  0.20   0.20 
 Insurance          6.80   8.73 
 Legal & Professional Charges 40.32   29.89 
 Loss due to Quality Issue 4.32   0.15 
 Rent Expense  42.00   33.00 
 Printing & Stationery & Postage 29.68   19.12 
 Security & Man Power Suppliers Charges  21.45   33.44 
 Software Exp  14.08   8.90 
 Telephone Exp.  14.97   12.30 
 Loss on Transit  -     0.35 
 Other Expenses  32.25   14.47 
    419.91   358.16  
 Selling & Distribution Expenses   
 Advertisement Exp. 13.93   17.19 
 Business Promotion  393.24   244.01 
 Cartage & Freight Outward  426.95   376.59
 Commission Paid  29.55   30.57 
 Travelling Exp.  255.63   207.95 
    1,119.30   876.31 
                                    3,201.67   3,047.40  
 (a) Details of Statutory Auditor’s Remuneration are as follows:  
   Statutory Audit Fees 2.35  2.14 
   Taxation matters  1.00   1.00 
     3.35  3.14
=== PAGE 133 ===
127
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
30 INCOME TAX EXPENSES   (Rs. in lakhs)
    Year Ended                  Year ended
  Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Current Tax expense  596.92   778.87  
 Deferred Tax expense  12.40   10.61
 Earlier year Taxes 0.30 (2.90)
     609.62   786.58  
 The reconciliation of estimated income tax expense at statutory income tax rate to income tax expense reported in statement 
of profit and loss is as follows:
       (Rs. in lakhs)
     Year Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Profit before income taxes  2,436.73    3,152.90  
  Indian statutory income tax rate 25.17% 25.17%
  Expected income tax expense  613.32   793.58 
 Tax effect of adjustments to reconcile expected income tax expense to 
 reported income tax expense:  
 Tax impact of expenses which will never be allowed 40.89  35.31 
  Others (net) (44.59)  (42.32)
  Total income tax expense  609.62    786.58  
 The tax rate used for the year 2024-25 and 2023-24 is the corporate tax rate of 25.17%  (22% + surcharge @ 10% and cess @ 4%) and 
25.17% (22% + surcharge @ 10% and cess @ 4%) respectively payable on taxable profits under the Income Tax Act, 1961.Significant 
components of net deferred tax assets and liabilities for the year ended March 31, 2025 are given in Note 18.
31 EARNINgS PER ShARE                                                                                                                                               (Rs. in lakhs)
     Year Ended                  Year ended
  Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Profit for the period  1,827.11   2,366.32 
 weighted average number of shares used in the calculation of EPS:  
 Weighted average number of Basic Equity Shares outstanding  82,63,700  82,63,700 
  Weighted average number of Diluted Equity Shares outstanding  82,63,700   82,63,700 
  Face value of per share  10.00   10.00 
  Basic EPS (In Rs.) 22.11  28.64  
  Diluted EPS (In Rs.)  22.11   28.64 
32 Discontinuing Operations  
 The Company has not discontinued any operation during the year under audit. Hence there are no detail which need to be disclosed  
as required by Ind AS 105.
33 Disclosure required by Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 19 on “Employee Benefits”:  
 Defined Benefit Plan-gratuity
 Table I: Assumptions     (Rs. in lakhs)
     As at As at                      
  Assumptions March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
  Discount Rates 6.55% 7.18%
   Rate of increase in Compensation levels 8.00% 11.50%
  Rate of Return on Plan Assets  NA   NA 
   Expected Future Service  26.69 Years  26.90 Years   
 Table II: Service Cost    (Rs. in lakhs) 
     As at As at                      
  Particular March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
  Current Service Cost  25.54   20.39  
  Past Service Cost (including curtailment Gains/Losses)  -     -   
  Gains or losses on Non Routine settlements  -     -   
  Total   25.54  20.39 
=== PAGE 134 ===
128
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
 Table III: Net Interest cost  (Rs. in lakhs) 
     As at As at                      
  Particular March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
  Interest Cost on Defined Benefit Obligation  14.65   14.33
   Interest Income on Plan Assets  -     - 
  Net Interest Cost (Income) 14.65 14.33 
 Table IV: change in Present Value of Obligations (Unfunded)  (Rs. in lakhs) 
     As at As at                      
  Particular March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
   Opening of defined benefit obligations  203.97   194.71 
   Service cost  25.54   20.39 
    Interest Cost   14.65   14.33 
  Benefit Paid  (8.28)  (2.10)
   Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on total liabilities:  (9.76)  (23.36)
  - due to change in financial assumptions  (15.73)  1.82 
  - due to change in demographic assumptions  -     (20.62)
  - due to experience variance  5.97   (4.56)
  Closing of defined benefit obligation (Non-Funded)   226.12   203.97 
 Table V: Other Comprehensive Income  (Rs. in lakhs) 
     As at As at                      
  Particular March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
  Opening amount recognized in OCI outside P&L account  -     - 
   Actuarial gain / (loss) on liabilities  9.76   23.36  
  Actuarial gain / (loss) on assets - -
  Closing amount recognized in OCI outside P&L account  9.76   23.36 
  Table VI: The amount to be recognized in Balance Sheet Statement  (Rs. in lakhs) 
     As at As at                      
   Particular March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
  Present Value of Obligations  226.12    203.98
  Fair value of plan assets -     - 
   Net Obligations  226.12   203.98 
   Amount not recognized due to asset limit - -
  Net defined benefit liability / (assets) recognized in balance sheet (Unfunded)  226.12  203.98 
 Table VII: Expense Recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss  (Rs. in lakhs) 
     Year Ended                  Year ended
   Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
   Service cost  25.54    20.39  
   Net Interest Cost  14.65    14.33  
  Expenses Recognized in the statement of Profit & Loss  40.19   34.72
 Table VIII: Change in Net Defined Obligations (Unfunded)  (Rs. in lakhs)
     Year Ended                  Year ended
  Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
  Opening of Net defined benefit liability  203.98   194.71 
   Service cost 25.54   20.39 
   Net Interest Cost  14.65   14.33 
   Re-measurements (9.76)  (23.36)
   Contribution paid to fund  (8.28)  (2.10)
  Closing of Net defined benefit liability  226.13   203.97 
 
=== PAGE 135 ===
129
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
 Table IX: Reconciliation of Expense in Profit and Loss Statement  (Rs. in lakhs) 
     Year Ended                  Year ended
  Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
 Present Value of Obligation as at the end of the year  226.13  203.97 
  Present Value of Obligation as at the beginning of the year  (203.98)  (194.71)
  Benefit Paid  8.28   2.10 
  Actual Return on Assets  -     -   
  OCI   9.76   23.36 
  Expenses Recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  40.19   34.72
 Table X: Reconciliation of Liability in Balance Sheet  (Rs. in lakhs)
     As at As at                      
  Particular March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
 Opening net defined benefit liability / (asset)  203.97   194.71 
  Expense charged to profit and loss account  40.19   34.72 
  Amount recognized outside profit & loss account - -
  Employer Contributions  (8.28)   (2.10)
  OCI   (9.76)  (23.36)
  Closing net defined benefit liability / (asset) (Unfunded) 226.12   203.97 
 Table XI: Sensitivity Analysis  
 Following table shows the sensitivity results on liability due to change in the assumptions: 
      (Rs. in lakhs) 
     Year Ended                 Impact Impact %
  Items  March 31, 2025  (Absolute) 
 Base Liability  226.12   
 Increase Discount Rate by 0.50%  223.36   (2.76) -1.22%
  Decrease Discount Rate by 0.50%  228.97   2.85  1.26%
  Increase Salary Inflation by 1.00%  231.58   5.46  2.41%
 Decrease Salary Inflation by 1.00%  220.82   (5.30) -2.34%
 Increase Salary Inflation by 5.00%  221.46   (4.66) -2.06%
  Decrease Salary Inflation by 5.00% 231.62   5.50  2.43%
 Note:  
 1  The base liability is calculated at discount rate of 6.55% per annum and salary inflation rate of 8.00% per annum for all future 
years. 
 2  Liabilities are very sensitive to salary escalation rate, discount rate & withdrawal rate. 
 3  Liabilities are very less sensitive due to change in mortality assumptions. Hence, sensitivities due to change in mortality are 
ignored.
      ( Rs. in lakhs) 
    Year Ended                 Impact Impact %
 Items  March 31, 2024  (Absolute) 
 Base Liability 203.97  
 Increase Discount Rate by 0.50% 201.29   (2.69) -1.32%
 Decrease Discount Rate by 0.50% 206.76   2.78  1.36%
 Increase Salary Inflation by 1.00% 209.01   5.03  2.47%  
 Decrease Salary Inflation by 1.00% 199.03   (4.94) -2.42%
 Increase Salary Inflation by 5.00% 197.24   (6.74) -3.30%
 Decrease Salary Inflation by 5.00% 212.71   8.74  4.28%
 Note:  
 1  The base liability is calculated at discount rate of 7.18% per annum and salary inflation rate of 11.50% per annum for all future 
years. 
 2 Liabilities are very sensitive to salary escalation rate, discount rate & withdrawal rate.
 3 Liabilities are very less sensitive due to change in mortality assumptions. Hence, sensitivities due to change in mortality are 
ignored.
=== PAGE 136 ===
130
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
Table XII: Maturity Profile of Defined Benefit Obligation (Valued on undiscounted basis)
    (Rs. in lakhs)
 P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
  March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
 Year 1   63.61   56.21 
 Year 2  43.00   36.81 
 Year 3  35.83   30.80 
 Year 4  30.67   26.68 
 Years 5  27.01   23.12 
 After 5 Years  72.34   81.99 
 Total  272.46   255.61 
34 Disclosures of Provisions required by Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) 37 on “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and 
contingent Assets”: 
 In the opinion of the Management , there are no provisions for  which disclosure is required during the financial year 2024-25 as per 
Indian Accounting Standard (IndAS) 37 on “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets”. 
35 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments
 (I) contingent Liabilities   
 There is a probability of liability arising in future as of the BG Amount.
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
 P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
   March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
  Guarantees to bank against credit facilities/ Performance guarantees    95.55  128.40 
   95.55  128.40 
 (II)   commitments
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
 P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
   March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
 Uncalled liability on partly paid-up shares  682.49   1,161.55  
    682.49   1,161.55 
36 gain or loss on foreign currency transaction and translation: 
 The Company has imported goods of Rs. 1,626.18 Lakhs. & exported goods of Rs. 5,390.28 Lakhs during the year. 
 The Company has made a gain of Rs 96.81 Lakhs and Rs.80.95 Lakhs on account of foreign currency transactions during the financial 
year 2024-25 and 2023-24 respectively due to exchange price fluctuation.  
37 Segment Reporting  
 A. Primary Segment Reporting (by Business Segment):      
 (a).  Based on the guiding principles given in Ind AS 108 - “Operating segments”, the Company is primarily engaged in the business 
of  Biological Products. As the Company’s business activity falls within a single primary business segment, the disclosure 
requirements of Ind AS-108 in this regard are not applicable. 
 B. Secondary Segment Reporting (by geographical demarcation):    
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
  Particulars Year Ended                  Year ended
   March 31, 2025 March 31,2024 
  Revenue from Operations 
  Domestic 10,254.80   10,757.81 
  Overseas 5,390.28   5,649.40
  Total  15,645.08   16,407.21 
=== PAGE 137 ===
131
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
38  Information as required to be furnished as per section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 
(MSMED Act) for the year ended March 31, 2025 & March 31, 2024 are given below. This information has been determined 
to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information available with the Company         
(Rs. in lakhs)
    Particular As at  As at 
    March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
  i) Principal amount and interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier 
   covered under MSMED Act  
   Principal 55.03  55.65  
   Interest  -     -   
 ii)  The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED Act, 
   
2006 along with amounts of the payments made to the supplier beyond the appointed day  
   Principal Paid during FY - -
   Interest Paid during FY* - -
 iii) The amount of interest due and payables for the period of delay in making payment 
   (Which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year ) but without 
   adding the interest specified under MSMED Act. - -
 iv) The amount of Interest accrued and remaining unpaid - -
 v)  The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding 
   years, until such date when the interest dues as above actually paid to the small 
   enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible enterprise under section 
   23 of the MSMED Act, 2006. 
 * The interest has been reversed since the same was not required to be paid as per
   the agreement/PO 
39 Disclosure under Regulation 34 (3) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) (listing obligations and disclosure 
requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 Loans and advances (excluding advance towards equity) in the nature of loans and advances given to Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures, 
Associates and Firms/Companies in which directors are interested:
(Rs. in lakhs)
   Year ended 31/03/2025  Year ended 31/03/2024 
    Balance at   Maximum    Balance at   Maximum 
    Year end   Outstanding   Year end   Outstanding 
   Related Parties:
 (i) Associate:    
 (a)   Titan Media Limited -   -   -   - 
 (ii) Firms/companies in which directors are interested    
 (a) Titan Securities Limited  -   -   -   125.00 
 (b) Tanita Leasing & Finance Limited  -   -   -   - 
 (c) Connoisseur Management Services Private Limited  -   -   -   - 
 (d) Tee Eer Securities & Financial Services Private Limited  -   -   -   - 
 (e) Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd. -   -   -   - 
40 Related Party Disclosures:    
A. List of Related Parties: 
 i. Associates 
   (a) Peptech Biosciences Limited 
   (b) Titan Media Limited 
 ii. Significant influence over the entity; 
   (a) Titan Securities Limited 
 iii. Other related parties 
   (a) Tanita Leasing & Finance Limited 
   (b) Connoisseur Management Services Private Limited 
   (c) Tee Eer Securities & Financial Services Private Limited
=== PAGE 138 ===
132
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
   (d) Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd 
   (e) Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd.
   (f) Emprise Productions Private Ltd.
   (g) Mbon Nutrients LLP 
   (h) Suptex Industries Pvt. Ltd. 
   (i) Simtex Mart Pvt. Ltd.
   (j) SR Infratech 
   (k) Eminent Realtech LLP
   (l) Titan Agritech Limited 
   (m) PG Micro Lab Solution LLP 
   (n) Naresh Kumar Singla (HUF) 
   (o) Suresh Chand Singla (HUF) 
   (p) Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh (Independent Director) w.e.f. 01/10/2023
   (q) Mr. Dhairya Madan (Independent Director) w.e.f. 01/10/2023
   (r) Mr. Abhishek Agarwal (Independent Director) 
   (s) Mr. Rohit Jain (Independent Director)
   (t) Titan Animal Nutrition Private Limited
   (u)  Satvik Realtech LLP 
 iv. Key managerial Personnel (KmP): 
   (a) Mr.Naresh Kumar Singla (Managing Director) 
   (b) Mr.Suresh Chand Singla (Managing Director) 
   (c) Mr.Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary) 
   (d) Mr.Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O) 
   (e) Mr.Udit Singla (Whole Time Director) From 01.10.2023
   (f) Mr.Shivom Singla (Whole Time Director)  From 01.10.2023
   (g) Mr.Raja Singla (Whole Time Director) 
   (h) Mrs Manju Singla (Director) 
   (i) Ms Supriya Singla (Director) 
 v. Relatives of Key managerial Personnel: 
   (a) Mr. Udit Singla (Vice President-Media) till 30.09.2023
   (b) Mr. Shivom Singla (Vice President-Bulk) till 30.09.2023
   (c) Mrs Madhu Gupta 
   (d) Mrs. Sachi Singla  
B. Disclosure of transactions between the Company and Related Parties during the year in the ordinary course of business and 
status of outstanding balances at year end: 
 (a). Details of significant transactions with Subsidiary, Associates other related parties; 
(Rs. in lakhs)
 Particular Relationship As at As at                  
      March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
 Borrowings (current) (Net)   
 Titan Securities Limited Significant influence over, the entity;  90.00   125.00  
 Tanita Leasing & Finance Limited Other related parties  25.00    -
 Connoisseur Management Services Other related parties 15.00 -
  Private Limited    
      130.00  125.00  
 Finance Costs  
 Titan Securities Limited Significant influence over, the entity;  3.76   1.44 
 Tanita Leasing & Finance Limited Other related parties  0.45   -   
 Connoisseur Management Services Other related parties  0.47   -   
 Private Limited
      4.68   1.44   
=== PAGE 139 ===
133
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
 (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particular Relationship As at As at                  
      March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
   Loan & Advance   
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  300.00   -
       300.00   -  
   Dividend Issued   
   Titan Securities Limited Significant influence over, the entity;  55.52   49.97 
   Tanita Leasing & Finance Limited Other related parties  15.69   14.12 
   Connoisseur Management Services Other related parties  11.20   10.08 
   Private Limited
   Naresh Kumar Singla (HUF) Other related parties  0.20   0.18 
      82.61   74.35  
   Purchase of Shares    
  Tee Eer Securities & Financial Other related parties -  0.02
   Services Private Limited  
      -   0.02
   Interest income   
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd. Associate  2.54    - 
      2.54   - 
   Revenue from Operations   
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  493.93   464.02 
   Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd. Other related parties  47.47   96.46 
   Titan Media Limited Associate  2.25   11.76 
   PG Micro Lab Solution LLP Other related parties  45.60   29.60 
       589.25   601.84 
   Processing Charges (Job work)    
  -Income
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  44.56   22.26 
   Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd Other related parties  -     6.75
       44.56   29.01
   Processing Charges (Job work) -     
  Expense
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  0.32   -   
   Fixed Assets Purchased    
  Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  -  77.60
   Expenditure(Rent)   
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate 42.00  36.00 
   cost of materials consumed    
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  36.25   283.34 
   Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd Other related parties  1,482.50   1,735.51 
   Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd. Other related parties  821.79   1,143.07 
   Titan Media Limited Associate  0.53   -
   Other Expenses   
   Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd. Other related parties  2.09   - 
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  69.45   41.80 
      2,454.93   3,317.32
=== PAGE 140 ===
134
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
  (b). Details of significant transactions with Key Managerial Personnel & their relatives:  
       (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particular Relationship As at As at                  
      March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
   Dividend Issued   
   Mrs Madhu Gupta Relative of KMP 1.33   1.20 
   Mrs Manju Singla (Director) KMP  1.42   1.28 
   Ms Supriya Singla (Director) KMP  1.09   0.98 
   Mr Raja Singla KMP  1.22   1.10 
   Mr Shivom Singla KMP  0.71   0.64 
   Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla  KMP  0.69   0.62 
   Mr. Suresh Chand Singla KMP 2.11 1.90 
   Mr. Udit Singla KMP  1.00   0.90
      9.57   8.62
   Short-term employee benefits   
   Directors’ Remuneration   
   Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla (Managing Director) KMP  48.00   48.00 
   Mr. Suresh Chand Singla (Managing Director) KMP  48.00   48.00 
   Mr. Udit Singla (Whole Time Director)  KMP 120.00  60.00  
   From 01.10.2023
   Mr. Shivom Singla (Whole Time Director)   KMP 120.00  60.00  
   From 01.10.2023 
   Mr. Raja Singla (Whole Time Director) KMP  120.00   120.00
      456.00   336.00
   Leave Encashment   
   Mr.Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O) KMP  0.50   0.43
   Mr.Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary) KMP  0.65  0.30 
      1.15   0.73 
   Bonus   
   Mr. Udit Singla (Vice President-Media) till 30.09.2023 Relative of KMP  -     0.94 
   Mr. Shivom Singla (Vice President-Bulk) till 30.09.2023 Relative of KMP  -     0.94 
   Mrs. Madhu Gupta (Vice President Admn.) Relative of KMP  -     0.48 
   Mr. Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O) KMP  0.72   0.72 
   Mr. Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary) KMP  1.03   0.94 
       1.75   4.02 
   Fees to Independent Directors  
   Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh (Independent Director)  Independent Director  0.77   0.30 
   w.e.f. 01/10/2023
   Mr. Dhairya Madan (Independent Director) Independent Director  0.82   0.30 
   w.e.f. 01/10/2024   
   Mr. Abhishek Agarwal (Independent Director) Independent Director  0.84   0.35 
       2.43   0.95 
   Salary & Wages   
   Mr. Udit Singla (Vice President-Media) till 30.09.2023 Relative of KMP -     22.50 
   Mr. Shivom Singla (Vice President-Bulk) till 30.09.2023 Relative of KMP  -     22.50 
   Mrs. Madhu Gupta (Vice President Admn.) Relative of KMP  28.80   28.80 
   Mr.Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary) KMP  22.04   20.95 
   Mr.Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O) KMP  17.38   17.38 
       68.22   112.13 
=== PAGE 141 ===
135
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
 (c). Details of significant balances with Associates, KMPs, other related parties:-
        (Rs. in lakhs)
  Particular Relationship As at As at             
      March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
 Investments 
 Peptech Biosciences Limited Associate  1,230.01   678.75  
 Titan Media Limited Associate  406.89   203.45  
     1,636.90   882.20
  Trade Receivables  
 Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  187.76   42.48
  Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd. Other related parties  2.43   59.88
  Titan Media Limited Associate  2.65   -   
  PG Micro Lab Solution LLP Other related parties  12.30   20.98  
     205.14   123.34 
  Trade Payables   
  Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  11.30   6.23  
  Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd. Other related parties  44.96  -   
  Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd Other related parties 129.42   169.70  
    185.68   175.93 
  Other current Liabilities   
  Mr Suresh Chand Singla (Managing Director) KMP  2.74   2.83  
 Mr.Udit Singla (Whole Time Director) From 01.10.2023 KMP  6.95   6.95  
 Mr. Udit Singla (Vice President-Media) till 30.09.2023 KMP  -     0.94  
 Mr. Shivom Singla (Vice President-Bulk) till 30.09.2023 KMP  -     0.94  
 Mr.Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O) KMP  2.15   1.91  
  Mr.Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary) KMP  3.02   2.84  
    14.86   16.41  
 The Company has been advised that the computation of net profit for the purpose of Director’s Remuneration under section 197 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 need not be enumerated since no commission has been paid to the Directors. The Company has paid fixed 
monthly remuneration to the Director as per Companies (Appointment & Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 
41. Financial instruments
 (I)  Financial instruments by category    (Rs. in lakhs)
      As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024  
  Particulars Carrying  Fair   Carrying  Fair 
    Value Value    Value Value 
  Financial Assets     
 Measured at amortised cost    
  Trade Receivable  1,881.63   1,881.63   1,865.79   1,865.79 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  512.79   512.79   284.01   284.01 
  Other Bank Balance 43.04   43.04   44.54   44.54 
  Other Financial Assets Non Current 393.21   393.21   164.87   164.87 
  Total Financial Assets  2,830.67   2,830.67   2,359.21   2,359.21 
  Financial liabilities    
  Measured at amortised cost    
  Borrowings-Non Current 18.43   18.43   45.33   45.33 
  Borrowings-Current  191.79   191.79   671.76   671.76 
  Trade Payables 521.65   521.65   336.82   336.82 
  Other financial Liabilities 624.07   624.07   610.27   610.27 
  Total Financial liabilities   1,355.94   1,355.94   1,664.18   1,664.18 
  Investment in Associate is measured at cost and hence are not required to be disclosed as per Ind AS 107 “Financial Instruments  
 Disclosures”. Hence, the same have been excluded from the above table.  
=== PAGE 142 ===
136
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
(II)    Fair value measurement   
 The following table shows the levels within the hierarchy of financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at 31 
March, 2025 and 31 March, 2024 :     
      ( Rs. in lakhs)
  Particulars Fair values  As at   As at
    hierarchy (Level) March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Financial Assets   
 Measured at amortised cost   
 Trade Receivable 3  1,881.63   1,865.79 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 3  512.79   284.01 
 Other Bank Balance 3  43.04   44.54 
 Other Financial Assets Non Current 3  393.21   164.87 
 Total Financial Assets   2,830.67   2,359.21 
 Financial liabilities 
 Measured at amortised cost   
 Borrowings-Non Current 3  18.43   45.33 
Borrowings-Current 3  191.79   671.76 
  Trade Payables 3  521.65   336.82 
 Other financial Liabilities 3  624.07   610.27 
 Total Financial liabilities    1,355.94   1,664.18  
  
 III)  Fair values hierarchy 
 Fair value of the financial instruments is classified in various fair value hierarchies based on the following three levels:
 Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical assets or liabilities.  
 Level 2: Inputs other than quoted price included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. 
as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
 The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using market approach and valua -
tion techniques which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If 
significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in Level 2. 
 Level 3: Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). 
 If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the fair value is determined using generally 
accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the most significant inputs being the discount rate that 
reflects the credit risk of counterparty    
 The fair value of trade receivables, trade payables and other current financial assets and liabilities is considered to be equal to the 
carrying amounts of these items due to their short-term nature. Where such items are non-current in nature, the same has been 
classified as Level 3 and fair value determined using discounted cash flow basis. Similarly, unquoted equity instruments where 
most recent information to measure fair value is insufficient, or if there is a wide range of possible fair value measurements, cost 
has been considered as the best estimate of fair value.     
 There has been no change in the valuation methodology for Level 3 inputs during the year. The Company has not classified any 
material financial instruments under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 
during the year. .    
 Financial Risk Management Objectives And Policies
 The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The 
Company’s primary risk management focus is to minimize potential adverse effects of market risk on its financial performance. 
The Company’s risk management assessment and policies and processes are established to identify and analyze the risks faced 
by the Company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor such risks and compliance with the same. Risk 
assessment and management policies and processes are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the 
Company’s activities. The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company’s risk 
assessment and management policies and processes.   
 The Company’s financial risk management policy is set by the management. Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, fair 
values or future cash flows that may result from a change in the price of a financial instrument. The value of a financial instrument 
may change as a result of changes in the interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity prices and other market changes 
that affect market risk sensitive instruments. The Company manages market risk which evaluates and exercises independent 
control over the entire process of market risk management. The management recommend risk management objectives and 
policies, which are approved by Senior Management and the Audit Committee. 
=== PAGE 143 ===
137
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
a)  credit risk  
 Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its 
contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers. Credit risk arises from cash held 
with banks as well as credit exposure to clients, including outstanding accounts receivable. The maximum exposure to credit 
risk is equal to the carrying value of the financial assets. The objective of managing counterparty credit risk is to prevent losses 
in financial assets. The Company assesses the credit quality of the counterparties, taking into account their financial position, 
past experience and other factors. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful debts and impairment that represents its 
estimate of incurred losses in respect of trade and other receivables and investments.
 The Company’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. The demograph-
ics of the customer, including the default risk of the industry and country in which the customer operates, also has an influence 
on credit risk assessment. Credit risk is managed through continuously monitoring the creditworthiness of customers to which 
the Company grants credit terms in the normal course of business. An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting 
date on an individual basis for major customers. The history of  receivables shows a negligible provision for bad and doubtful 
debts. 
i)   Concentration of Trade Receivables
 The Company’s exposure to credit risk for Trade Receivables is presented as below. 
     (Rs. in lakhs)
   P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
    March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
   Trade Receivables  (Bulk purchaser)  1,130.00   1,047.00 
   Trade Receivables  (Culture Media )  370.00   496.00 
   Trade Receivables  (Export)   382.00   496.00 
   Total  1,882.00 1,866.00 
 ii)  credit risk exposure  
   Provision for expected credit losses
   As at 31 March, 2025   (Rs. in lakhs)        
   Particulars Estimated gross   Expected credit   carrying amount 
    carrying amount  losses   net of impairment 
    at default  provision
   Trade Receivables  1,881.63   -     1,881.63 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents  512.79   -     512.79 
   Other Bank Balance  43.04   -     43.04 
   Other Financial Assets Non Current  393.21   -     393.21 
   Total 2,830.67   -     2,830.67 
    As at 31 March, 2024    (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particulars Estimated gross   Expected credit   carrying amount 
    carrying amount  losses   net of impairment 
    at default  provision
   Trade Receivables  1,865.79   -     1,865.79 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents  284.01   -     284.01 
   Other Bank Balance  44.54   -     44.54 
   Other Financial Assets Non Current  164.87   -     164.87 
   Total  2,359.21   -     2,359.21 
   Reconciliation of loss provision – expected credit losses     (Rs. in lakhs)
   Reconciliation of loss allowance   Trade Receivables
   Loss allowance on 31 March, 2024    -   
   Impairment loss recognised/reversed during the year    -   
   Loss allowance on 31 March, 2025   -
=== PAGE 144 ===
138
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
  b)  Liquidity risk
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The Company 
manages its liquidity risk by ensuring, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when 
due.   
  Maturities of financial liabilities
  The tables below analyze the company’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their contractual maturities:
     (Rs. in lakhs)
   
Contractual maturities of financial Total   On Demand on due within Over 1 Year Over 3 years
   liabilities as at March 31, 2025 Carrying Value Payable 1 year within 3 Years  within 5 Years
   Trade Payables  521.65   -     521.65   -     -   
   Borrowings  210.22   -     191.79   18.43   -   
   Lease Liabilities  69.45   -     51.87   19.97   7.69 
   Other financial Liabilities  624.07   586.65   37.42   -     -   
   Total   1,425.39   586.65   802.73   38.40   7.69 
   Contractual maturities of financial Total   On Demand on due within Over 1 Year Over 3 years
   liabilities as at March 31, 2024  Carrying Value Payable 1 year within 3 Years  within 5 Years
   Trade Payables  336.82   -     336.82   -     -   
   Borrowings  717.09   -     671.76   45.33   -   
   Lease Liabilities  113.20   -     51.14   106.03   17.92 
   Other financial Liabilities  610.27   568.09   42.18   -     -   
   Total   1,777.38   568.09   1,101.90   151.36   17.92 
   c)  Market risk     
  Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, fair values or future cash flows that may result from adverse changes in market 
rates and prices (such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices) or in the price of market risk-sen-
sitive instruments as a result of such adverse changes in market rates and prices. Market risk is attributable to all market risk-sen-
sitive financial instruments and all short term and long-term debt. The Company is exposed to market risk primarily related to 
foreign exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and the market value of its investments. Thus, the Company’s exposure to market risk 
is a function of investing and borrowing activities.  
 i)  Foreign exchange risk
   Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in 
foreign exchange rates.     
   The Company has international transactions and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from foreign currency trans-
actions (imports and exports). Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and 
liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the Company’s functional currency. The Company does not hedge its foreign 
exchange receivables/payables..     
   The following table sets forth information relating to foreign currency exposure (other than risk arising from derivatives 
disclosed below):
   (a)  Foreign currency risk exposure:
        (Rs. in lakhs)
    Particulars  As at March, 2025  As at March, 2024
     Fc  INR  Fc  INR
    Financial Assets    
    Trade Receivables 
    USD  436,087.56   382.00   378,728.74   323.23 
    EURO  -     -     -     -   
    Total 436,087.56   382.00   378,728.74   323.23 
    Financial Liabilities    
    Trade Payables 
    USD  730.50   0.64   1,581.50   1.34 
    GBP  31.93   0.04   -     -   
    EURO  1,774.25   1.68   124.25   0.11 
    Total  2,536.68   2.36   1,705.75   1.45 
=== PAGE 145 ===
139
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
   (b)  Sensitivity
  The sensitivity of profit or loss to changes in the exchange rates arises mainly from foreign currency denominated 
financial instruments.
        (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particulars  As at March, 2025 As at March, 2024 
    Increase by 5%  Decrease by 5%  Increase by 5%  Decrease by 5%
   Financial Assets 
   Trade Receivables
   USD  19.10   (19.10)  16.15   (16.15)
   EURO  -     -     -     -   
   Total  19.10   (19.10)  16.15   (16.15)
   Financial Liabilities    
   Trade Payables    
   USD  (0.03)  0.03   (0.07)  0.07 
   EURO  (0.08)  0.08   (0.01)  0.01 
   Total  (0.11)  0.11   (0.08)  0.08  
   (ii)   Interest rate risk  
   The Company’s fixed rate borrowings are carried at amortised cost. They are therefore not subject to interest rate risk as de-
fined in Ind AS 107, since neither the carrying amount nor the future cash flows will fluctuate because of a change in market 
interest rates.    
   The Company’s variable rate borrowing is subject to interest rate. Below is the overall exposure of the borrowing:
      (Rs. in lakhs)
   P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
    March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
   Variable rate borrowing  154.37   629.58
   Fixed rate borrowing   7.76 10.20
   Total 162.13 639.78 
   Sensitivity
   Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/lower interest expense from borrowings as a result of changes in interest rates.
     (Rs. in lakhs) 
   P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
    March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
   Interest rates – decrease by 50 basis points   11.73  47.85
   Interest rates – increase by 50 basis points (11.73) (47.85)
 (IV)  capital management
  
  The capital structure of the Company consists of equity, debt, cash and cash equivalents. The Company’s objective for capital 
management is to maintain the capital structure which will support the Company’s strategy to maximize shareholder’s value, 
safe guarding the business continuity and help in supporting the growth of the Company. 
42 The Board of Directors of the Company has recommended a dividend of Rs. 2.00 Per Equity Share for the financial year ended on 
31st March, 2025. The dividend will be paid after approval of the same by shareholders in the Annual General Meeting.
=== PAGE 146 ===
140
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
43. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) EXPENDITURE
 Particular Year Ended Year Ended                      
   March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 In accordance with the provisions of section 135 of the Act, the Board of 
 Directors of the Company had constituted CSR Committee. The details 
 for CSR activities are as follows: 
 1.  Amount required to be spent by the company during the year 59.08 63.90 
 2.  Amount of expenditure incurred  Nil  Nil
  (i) Construction/acquisition of any asset  
  (ii) On purposes other than (i) above 59.61 63.90 
 3.  Shortfall at the end of the year  Nil   Nil 
 4.  Total of previous year shortfall   Nil   Nil 
 5.  Reason for shortfall  Nil   Nil
 6.  Nature of CSR activities Promoting Education   Promoting Education 
   & Animal welfare
 7.  Details of related party transactions in relation to  Nil   Nil 
  CSR expenditure as per relevant Accounting Standard
 8.  Where a provision is made with respect to a liability by   Nil   Nil 
  entering in to a contractual obligation, the movements in 
  the provision during the year.
44. Ratios   (Rs. in lakhs) 
 
Particulars Numerator Denominator  Year ended      
March 31, 2025 
 Year ended      
March 31,2024 
Variance(in %)
(a) Current ratio (in times) Current Assets Current Liabilities 4.46 3.71 20.22%
(b) Debt-Equity ratio (in times) Total Debt Total Shareholder's Equity 0.02 0.06 -66.67%
(c ) Debt service coverage ratio (in times) Earnings Available for Debt Service Debt service = Interest & 
Lease Payments + Principal 
Repayments
17.97 13.78 30.41%
(d) Return on equity ratio (in %) Net Profits After Tax - Preference 
Dividend
Avg. Shareholder's Equity 12.59% 18.42% -5.83%
(e) Inventory turnover ratio (in times) Cost of Goods Sold or Sales Avg Inventory 1.85 2.29 -19.21%
(f) Trade receivables turnover ratio (in 
times)
Net credit sales = Gross credit sales - sales 
return
Average Trade Receivable 8.35 8.27 0.97%
(g) Trade payables turnover ratio (in 
times)
Net credit purchases = Gross credit 
purchases - purchase return
Average Trade Payables 18.06 19.00 -4.95%
(h) Net capital turnover ratio (in times) Net sales = Total sales - sales return Working capital = Current assets 
– Current liabilities
1.08 1.28 -15.63%
(i) Net profit ratio (in %) Net Profit Net sales = Total sales - sales 
return
11.68% 14.42% -2.74%
(j) Return on capital employed (in %) Earning before interest and taxes Capital Employed 17.01% 23.91% -6.90%
(k) Return on investment (in %) Net Return of Investments Cost of Investment 7.04% 6.26% 0.78%
Reasons for Variance                 
(b) Debt equity ratio falling which evaluate a low risk to shareholders. Ratio decrease due to reduction in loan  
(c) Debt service coverage ratio has increased due to decrease in repayment of debt.    
=== PAGE 147 ===
141
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statements / Consolidated Financial Statement
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
45 Additional Regulatory information:   
 i) The Company does not have any benami property, and no proceeding has been initiated against the Company for holding any 
benami property.  
 ii) The Company does not have any transactions with struck off companies.   
 iii) The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with Registrar of Companies (ROC) be-
yond the statutory period.   
 iv) The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the financial year.
 v) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:   
  a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Company (ultimate beneficiaries) or  
  b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.  
 vi) The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the 
understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:  
  a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or party (ultimate beneficiaries) or  
  b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries. 
 vii) The Company does not have any transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961  (such as, search or survey or any 
other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).  
 viii) The Company has not been declared as a wilful defaulter by any banks or any other financial institution at any time during the 
financial year or after the end of the reporting period but before the date when the financial  statements are approved.
 ix) The title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than immovable properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease 
agreements are duly executed in favour of the Company) disclosed in the financial v statements included in property, plant and 
equipment and capital work-in progress are held in the name of the Company as at the balance sheet date. 
 x) The Company does not have any loan or advance in the nature of loans granted to promoters, directors, KMPs and the related 
parties (as defined under Companies Act, 2013) either severally or jointly with  any other person, that are: 
  a)  repayable on demand; or
  b)  without specifying any terms or period of repayment.  
 xi) Figures have been rounded off to the nearest Lakhs rupees.   
 xii) a)  As per the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) notification, proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014, for the financial year commencing April 1, 2023, every company which uses accounting software for maintaining 
its books of account, shall use only such accounting software which has a feature of recording audit trail of each and every 
transaction, creating an edit log of each change made in the books of account along with the date when such changes were 
made and ensuring that the audit trail cannot be disabled. The interpretation and guidance on what level edit log and audit 
trail needs to be maintained evolved during the year and continues to evolve.
  b)  The ERP used by the Company has not been enabled with the feature of audit trail log at the database layer to log direct 
transactional changes, due to present design of ERP. This is being taken up with the vendor. In the meanwhile, the Com-
pany continues to ensure that direct write access to the database is granted only via an approved change management 
process. 
=== PAGE 148 ===
142
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
 xiii) Security of current assets against borrowings
  
Quarter Name of bank Particulars of 
Securities 
Provided
Amount as 
per books of 
account
Amount as 
reported in 
the quarterly 
return/ 
statement
Amount of 
difference
Reason for 
material 
discrepancies
Jun-24 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Inventories 4,342.53     4,342.53      -                          -   
Sep-24 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Inventories 4,680.88      -   4,680.88  CC Limit withdrawn 
Dec-24 ICICI Bank, New Delhi Inventories 4,526.58 4,526.58  -                  -   
Mar-25 ICICI Bank, New Delhi Inventories 4,665.69      4,665.69  -                  -   
Jun-24 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables 2,322.79   1,779.54 543.25  Due to TDS/ TCS Entry & we 
pledge only 90 days Debtors & 
Creditors from our books 
Sep-24 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables  2,404.47    -   2,404.47  CC Limit withdrawn 
Dec-24 ICICI Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables  2,090.40    1,996.19  94.21  Due to TDS/ TCS Entry & we 
pledge only 90 days Debtors & 
Creditors from our books 
Mar-25 ICICI Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables  1,881.63 1,790.11  91.52  Due to TDS/ TCS Entry & we 
pledge only 90 days Debtors & 
Creditors from our books 
 
46 Previous year’s figures have been reclassified / regrouped wherever necessary to conform to current year’s classification / disclo-
sure.      
47 The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘Code’) relating to employee benefits during employment and post-employment benefits received 
Presidential assent in September 2020. The Code has been published in the Gazette of India. However, the date on which the Code will 
come into effect has not been notified and the final rules/interpretation have not yet been issued. The Company will assess the impact 
of the Code when it comes into effect and will record any related impact in the period the Code becomes effective. Based on a pre-
liminary assessment, by the Company, the additional impact on Provident Fund contributions by the Company is not expected to be 
material, whereas, the likely additional impact on Gratuity liability / contributions by the Company could be material. The Company 
will complete their evaluation and will give appropriate impact in the financial statements in the period in which, the Code becomes 
effective and the related rules to determine the financial impact are published.   
48 The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on May 30, 2025. 
  
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Suresh chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director  Managing Director
 DIN-00027448 DIN-00027706    
cA Akhil mittal   
Partner charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Company Secretary Chief Financial Officer   
 ACS-12726  .PAN-AARPP5057F 
 
Place : Delhi  
Date : 30.05.2025
UDIN-25517856BMKXIU8390    
   
=== PAGE 149 ===
143
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the Members of Titan Biotech Limited 
Report on the Consolidated Ind AS financial Statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the consolidated Ind AS financial statements of TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED (hereinafter referred to as 
“the Holding Company”) and its Associates, Peptech Biosciences Limited and Titan Media Limited (holding company and 
its associate together have been referred to as the “Group”), which comprise the consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 
2025, and the consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive income), consolidated Cash Flow 
Statement and the consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements, including a summary of material accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter 
referred to as “the consolidated Ind AS financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration 
of report of other auditor on separate financial statements and on the other financial information of the associate, the aforesaid 
consolidated Ind AS financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”) 
in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in 
India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Group as at March 31, 2025, of its consolidated profit and other comprehensive 
income, consolidated cash flows and consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Companies 
Act, 2013. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of 
the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit 
of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder, 
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We 
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters
Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
consolidated Ind AS financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of 
the consolidated Ind AS financial statements as a whole, and informing our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate 
opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated 
in our report.
We have determined that there are no other key audit matters to communicate in our report.
Information Other than the Consolidated Ind AS financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexures to Board’s Report, Business 
Responsibility Report, Corporate Governance and Shareholder’s Information, but does not include the Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. 
Our opinion on the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any 
form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we 
have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that 
fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 
Management Responsibility for the Consolidated Ind AS financial Statements 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 
Act”) with respect to the preparation of these Consolidated Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair view of the 
financial position, financial performance, including other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of the 
Company in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in India, including Indian Accounting Standards (Ind 
AS) prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. 
=== PAGE 150 ===
144
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection 
and application of appropriate implementation and maintenance of accounting policies; making judgments and estimates 
that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that 
were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation 
and presentation of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statement that give a true and fair view and are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative 
but to do so. The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the company’s financial reporting process. Audit trail 
compliance is also primarily the responsibility of the Management. 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of Consolidated Ind AS financial Statement 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will 
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 
the basis of these Consolidated Ind AS financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also: 
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible for expressing our 
opinion on whether the company has internal financial controls with reference to Financial Statements in place and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls. 
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management. 
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements or, if 
such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to 
the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a 
going concern.  
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events 
in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to 
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 and are 
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public 
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated 
=== PAGE 151 ===
145
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that: 
 a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief 
were necessary for the purposes of our audit. 
 b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from 
our examination of those books.
 c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss including Other Comprehensive 
Income, the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this 
Report are in agreement with the books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements;
 d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Ind AS financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as 
amended.
 e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2025 taken on record by the 
Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from being appointed as a director in 
terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
 f) With respect to the adequacy of the Internal Financial Control with reference to Financial Statements of the Company 
and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A”. Our report expresses 
an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the Company’s internal financial controls 
over financial reporting.
 g) In our opinion the managerial remuneration for the year ended March 31, 2025 has been paid/provided by the 
Company to its directors in accordance with the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act.
 h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations 
given to us: 
  (i)  The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its Consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements – Refer Note 35 to the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements;  
  (ii) The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any 
material foreseeable losses;
  (iii) There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company during the year ended March 31, 2025.
  (iv) a)  The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as disclosed in 
notes to accounts, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced 
or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) 
by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entity (‘Intermediaries’) with the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the intermediary shall, whether directly or 
indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf 
of the Company (‘Ultimate Beneficiaries’) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
   b)  The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are 
material either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person or 
entity, including foreign entity (‘Funding Parties’) with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or 
otherwise, that the Company shall, whether directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (‘Ultimate Beneficiaries’) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
   c)  Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to our attention that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) 
=== PAGE 152 ===
146
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
and (ii) of Rule 11 (e) as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material misstatement.
 (v) The dividend declared or paid during the year by the company is in compliance with section 123 of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
 (vi)   Based on our examination, which included test checks, and that performed by us including the audit of the associates 
companies, which incorporated in India whose financial statements/financial information have been audited under 
the Act, except for the instances mentioned below, the Holding Company and its, associate company have used 
accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) 
facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the respective 
software
  (a) in respect of the Holding Company and one of the associates (M/s Peptech Biosciences Limited), the feature of 
recording audit trail (edit log) facility was not enabled at the database layer to log any direct data changes for 
the accounting software used for maintaining the books of account.
  (b) Further, the associate company (M/s Titan Media Limited.) has used accounting software for maintaining its 
books of account which has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. 
Further, during the course of our audit we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered 
with. 
For ANSK & Associates
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 026177N)
CA Akhil Mittal
Partner
(Membership No. 517856)
Place: New Delhi
Date: 30.05.2025
UDIN: 25517856BMKXIV5777
Annexure -A to the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date on the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements of 
Titan Biotech Limited
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Titan Biotech Limited (‘the company’) as of March 
31, 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements of the Company for the year ended 
on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on “the internal 
control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India(‘ICAI’). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its 
business, including adherence to company’s policies, the safe guarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and 
errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, 
as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our 
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an 
audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and 
the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if 
such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
=== PAGE 153 ===
147
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial 
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a 
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the 
assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on 
the Company’s internal financial controls system over financial reporting of the company.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting includes those 
policies and procedures that 
1. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; 
2. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being 
made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and 
3. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use or disposition of 
the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion 
or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to 
the risk that the internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes inconditions, 
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting 
and such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on the 
internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India.
For ANSK & Associates
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 026177N)
CA Akhil Mittal
Partner
(Membership No. 517856)
Place: New Delhi
Date:  30.05.2025 
UDIN: 25517856BMKXIV5777
=== PAGE 154 ===
148
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
 CONSOLIdATed BALANCe SheeT AS AT 31ST MARCh, 2025   
    (Amt. in lakhs) 
           As at   As at 
Particulars   Note No. 31/03/2025   31/03/2024 
I  ASSETS   
1. Non-Current Assets   
 a.   Property, Plant and Equipment 2(a)  4,828.88   4,262.55 
  b.  Capital Work-in-Progress 2(b)  168.38   253.21 
  c.  Right of use Assets  3   887.33   931.21 
  d.  Other Intangible assets 4(a)  10.61   7.22 
  e.  Intangible assets under development 4(b)  1.60   2.28 
  f.  Financial Assets   
    (i) Investments   5   3,276.95   2,819.24 
    (ii) Other Financial Assets 6   393.21   164.87 
Total Non-current assets    9,566.96   8,440.58 
2. Current Assets    
   a. Inventories      7   5,072.29   4,557.10 
   b. Financial Assets   
     (i) Trade receivables  8   1,881.63   1,865.79 
    (ii) Cash and cash equivalents  9   512.79   284.01 
    (iii) Bank balances other than (ii) above 10   43.04   44.54 
  c.  Current Tax Assets (Net) 11(a)  7.31   5.28 
  d. Other Current Assets  12   386.73   505.23 
Total Current assets    7,903.79   7,261.95 
TOTAL ASSeTS    17,470.75   15,702.53 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES   
A. Equity      
   a. Equity Share Capital  13   826.37   826.37 
   b. Other Equity   14   14,513.95   12,518.75 
TOTAL eQUITY    15,340.32   13,345.12 
B. Liabilities   
1. Non-Current Liabilities   
   a. Financial Liabilities   
     (i) Borrowings   15(a)  18.43   45.33 
     (ia) Lease liabilities  16(a)  23.48   69.44 
 b. Provisions      17(a)  162.78   148.34 
   c. Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 18   152.10   137.24 
Total Non-Current Liabilities   356.79   400.35 
2. Current Liabilities   
   a. Financial Liabilities   
     (i) Borrowings   15(b) 191.79   671.76 
     (ia) Lease liabilities  16(b)  45.97   43.76 
    (ii) Trade payables  19   
    (A) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprise and small enterprises   55.03   55.65 
 (B) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises  and small enterprises   466.62   281.17 
    (iii) Other financial liabilities 20   624.07   610.27 
   b. Other current liabilities 21   326.82   238.81 
   c. Provisions      17(b)  63.34   55.64 
   d. Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 11(b)  -     -   
Total Current Liabilities    1,773.64   1,957.06 
TOTAL eQUITY ANd LIABILITIeS   17,470.75   15,702.53   
Material Acconting Policies 1
Notes to Accounts   2-48   
The accompanying notes referred to above form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Suresh Chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director  Managing Director
 DIN-00027448 DIN-00027706    
CA Akhil Mittal   
Partner Charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Co-Secretary Chief Financial Officer   
 ACS-12726  PAN-AARPP5057F 
Place : Delhi  
Date : 30.05.2025
UDIN-25517856BMKXIV5777   
=== PAGE 155 ===
149
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
        CONSOLIdATed  STATeMeNT OF PROFIT ANd LOSS FOR The YeAR eNded AS AT 31ST MARCh, 2025  
                                            (Rs. in lakhs) 
            Year Ended  Year Ended 
   Particulars  Note No.  31/03/2025   31/03/2024
I.  Revenue from Operations 22   15,645.08   16,407.21 
II. Other Income  23   391.25   174.82 
III. Total Income (I+II)   16,036.33   16,582.03 
IV . eXPeNSeS   
Cost of Materials Consumed  24   7,548.08   8,089.24 
Changes in inventories of finished goods, and work in progress 25   (285.27)  (528.63)
Employee Benefits Expense 26   2,637.96   2,371.06 
Finance Costs  27   80.18   117.00 
Depreciation and Amortization Expense 28   416.98   333.06 
Other Expenses  29   3,201.67   3,047.40 
Total (IV)     13,599.60   13,429.13 
V . Profit before exceptional & extraordinary items and Tax (III-IV)   2,436.73   3,152.90 
VI. Exceptional Items    -   - 
VII.  Profit before Tax (V+VI)   2,436.73   3,152.90 
VIII. Tax Expenses:  30   
         Current Tax    596.92   778.87 
         Deferred Tax (Net)   12.40   10.61 
         Earlier year Taxes   0.30   (2.90)
        Total tax expense(VIII)   609.62   786.58 
IX. Profit for the period (VII-VIII)   1,827.11   2,366.32 
Share in profit of associate    326.05   118.98 
Profit for the period    2,153.16   2,485.30 
X. Other Comprehensive Income   
A (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss   
(ia) Re-measurement gain on defined benefit plans   9.76   23.36 
(ii) Income tax on the above item   (2.46)  (5.88)
B (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss   -     -   
(ii) Income tax on the above item   -     -   
Total Other Comprehensive Income for the period   7.30   17.48 
XI. Total Comprehensive Income for the period (IX+X) (Comprising   2,160.46   2,502.78 
Profit  and other Comprehensive  Income for the period)
earnings per equity Share:  31   
Basic (In Rs.)     26.06   30.07 
Diluted (In Rs.)    26.06   30.07 
Material Accounting Policies  1   
Notes to Accounts   2-48   
The accompanying are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.  
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Suresh Chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director  Managing Director
 DIN-00027448 DIN-00027706    
CA Akhil Mittal   
Partner Charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Co-Secretary Chief Financial Officer   
 ACS-12726  PAN-AARPP5057F 
Place : Delhi  
Date : 30.05.2025
 UDIN-25517856BMKXIV5777   
   
=== PAGE 156 ===
150
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
            STATEMENT OF CONSOLIdATed  CASh FLOwS FOR The YeAR eNded AS AT 31ST MARCh, 2025 
(Rs. in lakhs) 
       Year Ended  Year Ended 
 Particulars   31/03/2025   31/03/2024
A.  CASh FLOwS FROM OPeRATING ACTIVITIeS   
 Profit before Tax   2,436.73   3,152.90 
 Adjustment for :  
 Finance Costs   80.18   117.00 
 Provisions   31.91   32.63 
 Earlier year Taxes   (0.30)  2.90 
 Unrealised foreign exchange differences  0.38   (9.14)
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses  416.98   333.06 
 Operating profit before working capital changes  2,965.88   3,629.35 
 Changes in working Capital:  
  (Increase) in Inventories  (515.18)  (940.15)
  (Increase)/ Decrease in Trade Receivables  (9.53)  244.98 
  (Increase)/ Decrease in Other Financial Assets  (228.34)  (3.34)
  Decrease in Other Current Assets  118.89   121.64 
  Increase/ (Decrease) in Trade Payables  184.77   (218.17)
  Increase/ (Decrease) in Other Financial Liabilities  13.62   72.63 
  Increase/ (Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities   81.17   (5.28)
 Cash generation from Operation  2,611.28   2,901.66 
 Payment of Direct Taxes  (598.95)  (787.03)
 Net Cash generated - Operating Activities  2,012.33   2,114.63 
B. CASh FLOwS FROM INVeSTMeNT ACTIVITIeS  
 Investment in equity shares  (131.66)  (1,159.71)
 Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment  (936.88)  (1,948.49)
 Proceeds from Sale of Property, Plant & Equipment  1.58   22.12 
 Addition of Capital Work in Progress (Net)  84.83   1,076.18 
 Purchase of Other Intangible Assets  (5.39)  (1.38)
 Purchase of Intangible assets under development  0.68   (2.28)
 (Addition) in Right of use assets  (2.13)  (16.81)
 Movement in Fixed Deposits with Banks  1.50   -   
 Net Cash (Used) - Investing Activities  (987.47)  (2,030.37)
C.  CASh FLOwS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIeS  
 Repayment of Long-term Borrowings    (26.91)  15.44 
 Repayment of Lease Liabilities  (43.75)  (38.11)
 Proceeds/(Repayment) of Short-term Borrowings (Net) .  (479.97)  1.80 
 Finance Cost paid    (80.18)  (117.00)
 Dividend paid   (165.27)  (148.75)
 Net Cash (Used) - Financing Activities  (796.08)  (286.62)
 Net (decrease) in Cash and Cash equivalents  228.78   (202.36)
 Add : Opening Cash and Cash Equivalents  284.01   486.37 
 Closing Cash and Cash equivalents (refer note-9)  512.79   284.01 
 details of the Cash and Cash equivalents (Note. 9)  
 Balance with Banks  504.93   274.05 
 Cash on hand   7.86   7.96 
 Bank Deposits with original Maturity less than 3 months  -     2.00 
 Cash and Cash equivalents as per Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  512.79   284.01 
 Notes:    
1. The above consilidated Statements Cash Flow has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” as set out in Ind AS 7, ‘Statement of Cash Flows’. 
2. Figures in bracket represent outflows.   
3. Previous year’s figures have been regrouped wherever considered necessary to conform to this year’s classification.  
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Suresh Chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director  Managing Director
 DIN-00027448 DIN-00027706    
CA Akhil Mittal   
Partner Charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Co-Secretary Chief Financial Officer   
 ACS-12726  PAN-AARPP5057F 
Place : Delhi  
Date : 30.05.2025
UDIN-25517856BMKXIV5777   
=== PAGE 157 ===
151
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
CONSOLIdATed  STATeMeNT OF ChANGeS IN eQUITY FOR The YeAR eNded 31ST MARCh, 2025
A.  equity Share Capital                                                                     (Rs.  in Lakhs)
 Balance as at Changes in equity Restated balance Changes in equity Balance as at
 April 1, 2024  share capital due as at April 1, 2024 share capital  March 31, 2025 
  to prior period errors  during the year 
 826.37   -    826.37    -     826.37 
 Balance as at Changes in equity Restated balance Changes in equity Balance as at
 April 1, 2023  share capital due as at April 1, 2023 share capital  March 31, 2024 
  to prior period errors  during the year 
 826.37   -     826.37   -    826.37 
B. Other equity           (Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars Reserves and Surplus Other Comprehensive Income Total 
Other 
Equity
Capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Retained 
Earnings
Items that will not be Reclassified 
to Profit or Loss 
Remeasurement  
Gain / (Loss) 
of the defined 
benefit plans (Net 
of tax)
Equity 
Instruments 
through other 
comprehensive 
income
 (Net of tax)
Balance as at April 01, 2023               -          867.50       9,282.14                    15.08                       -       10,164.72 
Profit  for the Year March 31, 
2024                -                    -         2,485.30                             -   -         2,485.30 
Addition during the year                -                    -                    -                              -                           -                    -   
Other comprehensive income (net 
of tax) for the year March 31, 
2024
               -                    -                     -                        17.48                         -             17.48 
Dividend                -                    -         (148.75)                             -   -         (148.75)
Balance as at March 31, 2024                -          867.50     11,618.69                     32.56                       -    12,518.75 
Profit for the Year March 31, 2025                -                    -         2,153.16                             -                           -        2,153.16 
Addition during the year -    -    -                                -                           -                    -   
Other comprehensive income (net 
of tax) for the year March 31, 
2025
-                     -                     -                       7.31                         -                7.31 
Dividend  -                     -         (165.27)                             -   -         (165.27)
Balance as at March 31, 2025                -    867.50  13,606.58  39.87  -    14,513.95 
    
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Suresh Chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director  Managing Director
 DIN-00027448 DIN-00027706    
CA Akhil Mittal   
Partner Charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Co-Secretary Chief Financial Officer   
 ACS-12726  PAN-AARPP5057F 
Place : Delhi  
Date : 30.05.2025
UDIN-25517856BMKXIV5777
=== PAGE 158 ===
152
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2025
1. Company Overview, Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policies
 I Corporate Information 
  Titan Biotech Limited (“TBL” or “the Holding Company”) is a public limited company incorporated in India on 18.02.1992 
vide CIN-L74999RJ1992PLC013387 as a Non-govt Company limited by Shares and has its registered office at A-902 
A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi (Rajasthan) -301019. The shares of the Holding Company are listed on 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited. The Holding Company is one of the leading manufacturer and exporter of the Biological 
products which are used in the field of Pharmaceuticals, Nutraceutical, Food & Beverages, Bio-technology & Fermentation, 
Cosmetic,Veterinary & Animal Feed etc. The Holding Company has three manufacturing facilities, one at A-902 A, RIICO 
Industrial Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi, Distt. Alwar, Rajasthan-301019 India and other one at E-539 & 540, RIICO Industrial 
Area, Chopanki, Distt. Alwar, Rajasthan-301019 and at F-689 & 690, RIICO Industrial Area, Chopanki, Distt. Alwar, 
Rajasthan-301019 (India). The Consolidated Financial Statements comprise the Holding Company and its subsidiary (referred 
to collectively as “the Group”). The principal activities of the subsidiary Company is manufacturing of Bio-Fertilizers, Bio-
pesticides, Bio-insecticides etc. The Subsidiary Company has its manufacturing facility at RIICO Industrial Area Chopanki, 
Rajasthan.
 1.2 Material Accounting Policies
 1.2.1 Basis of Preparation 
  a) Statement of Compliance 
   Theses financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement 
principles laid down in the Indian Accounting Standard (‘Ind AS’) as per the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015 notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the other relevant provisions of the 
Act to the extent applicable. 
  b) Basis of measurement
   The financial statements have been prepared on accrual basis and under the historical cost convention on accrual basis 
except for certain financial assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. 
Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange of goods or services.  
  c ) Functional and Presentation currency
   Items included in the financial statements of the Company are measured using the currency of the primary economic 
environment in which the Company operates (“the functional currency”). The financial statements are presented in 
Indian National Rupee (‘INR’), which is the Company’s functional and presentation currency. All amounts have been 
given in Round off to Lakhs, unless otherwise indicated. 
  d) Current and Non-current classification
   All Assets and Liabilities have been classified as current and non-current as per the Company’s normal operating cycle 
and other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the nature of the business of the 
Company and its business time cycle from inception of an order and its completion on realization in cash and cash 
equivalents, the Company has ascertained the operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose of current and non-current 
classification of assets and liabilities. 
  e) Use of judgements and estimates
   In preparing these financial statements, the Management has made judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the 
application of accounting policies and the reported amount of assets, liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities 
and contingent assets as at the date of financial statements, income and expenses during the period. Actual results may 
differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to 
estimates are recognized prospectively in current and future periods.
  f) Measurement of fair values
   A number of the Company’s accounting policies and disclosures require measurement of fair values, for both financial 
and non- financial assets and liabilities. The Company has an established control framework with respect to measurement 
of fair values. The directors are responsible for overseeing all significant fair value measurements, including Level 3 
fair values. Directors regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments.
   Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation 
techniques as follows:
   - Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
   - Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly 
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from price.
   - Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
=== PAGE 159 ===
153
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
   When measuring the fair value of an asset or liability, the Company uses observable market data as far as possible. If 
the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or liability fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, then 
the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirely in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level 
input that is significant to the entire measurement.
   The Company recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period during 
which the changes have occurred.
 1.2.2 Summary of material accounting policies
  The Group has consistently applied the following accounting policies to till periods presented in the financial statements.
  a)  Principle of Consolidation 
   i) The consolidated Financial Statement includes the financial statement of the parent company, its subsidiary 
company. The consolidated financial statement have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS 110 on “Consolidated 
financial statement” as per Companies (Indian Accounting Standard ) Rules 2015 notified under section 133 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act) and other relevant provisions of the act to the extent possible.  
   ii) The Financial Statement of the Parent Company its Subsidiary company are prepared on line by line adding 
together like items of assets, liabilities, equity, income and expenses, intercompany balances and transactions and 
any unrealised gains arising from inter company transactions are eliminated. Unrealised losses are eliminated in 
the same way as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no evidences of impairment.  
   iii) The consolidated Financial Statements are prepared by adopting uniform accounting policies for like transactions 
and other events in similar circumstances and are presented to the extent possible, in the same manner as the 
Company’s separate financial statements.
   iv) Non controlling Interest in the consolidated financial statement is identified and recognised after taking into 
consideration the amount of equity attributable to non controlling interest at date on which investment in subsidiary 
is made.
   v) The Associate Company which is included in the consolidation and the parent company’s holding are as under:
    Name of the Company % of Share holding Place of Incorporation
     As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024 
    Peptech Biosciences Limited 36.87% 36.87% India
    Titan Media Limited 48.44% 32.63% India
  b)   Property, Plant and equipment
   i)   Recognition and measurement
    Freehold land is carried at historical cost. All other items of property, plant and equipment are stated at historical 
cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss, if any. Cost of an item of property, plant 
and equipment comprises its purchase price, including import duties and non-refundable purchase taxes, after 
deducting trade discounts and rebates, any directly attributable cost of bringing the item to its working condition 
for its intended use and estimated costs (Present Value) of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the 
site on which it is located. If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful 
lives, then they are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.
    Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only 
when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Company and the cost 
of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is 
derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to statement of profit or loss during 
the reporting period in which they are incurred. If an item of property, plant and equipment is purchased with 
deferred credit period from supplier, such asset is recorded at its cash price equivalent value.
    Estimated useful lives of the assets are as follows:
    Nature of Tangible Assets Useful Life (years)
    Plant & Equipments 10 – 20
    Building 30
    Laboratory Equipments 10
    Office Equipments 5
    Furniture, Fixtures & Equipments 10
    Vehicles 8-10
=== PAGE 160 ===
154
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
   ii) depreciation 
    Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is provided on the Straight Line Method based on the useful life 
of assets as prescribed under Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013. Depreciation on additions to or on disposal 
of assets is calculated on pro-rata basis i.e.from (upto) the date on which the property, plant and equipment is 
available for use (disposed off). 
 b ) Recoverability of Trade Receivables
  Judgements are required in assessing the recoverability of overdue trade receivables and determining whether a provision 
against those receivables is required. Factors considered include the credit rating of  the counterparty, the amount and timing 
of anticipated future payments and any possible actions that can  be taken to mitigate the risk of non-payment.
 c) Impairment of non-financial assets
  At each reporting date, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other than inventories and 
deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication on impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s 
recoverable amount is estimated. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated 
recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss.
 d) Inventories
  Inventories are valued at lower of Cost or Net Realisable value. The cost of finished goods is determined by taking material, 
labour and related factory overheads including depreciation. Cost of material is determined on weighted average cost basis. 
Further the cost for Work-in-progress includes material cost, stage wise direct cost and other related manufacturing overheads 
including depreciation.Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated 
cost of completion and making the sale. Cost of raw materials, packing materials, stores and spares are determined on 
weighted average basis. Obsolete, slow moving and defective inventories are identified at the time of physical verification of 
inventories and where necessary, the same are written off or provision is made for such inventories.
 e )  Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
  A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can be 
estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions 
are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows (representing the best estimate of the expenditure required 
to settle the present obligation at the balance sheet date) at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the 
time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognised under finance costs. 
Expected future operating losses are not provided for. Provision in respect of loss contingencies relating to claims, litigations, 
assessments, fines and penalties are recognised when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be 
estimated reliably.
  A contingent liability exists when there is a possible but not probable obligation, or a present obligation that may, but 
probably will not, require an outflow of resources, or a present obligation whose amount cannot be estimated reliably. 
Contingent liabilities do not warrant provisions, but are disclosed unless the possibility of outflow of resources is remote.
  Contingent assets are not recognised in financial statement. However, when the realisation of income is virtually certain, then 
the related asset is no longer a contingent asset, but it is recognised as an asset.
  Contingent Liabilities/Assets to the extent the Management is aware, are disclosed by way of notes to the financial statements.
 f )  Revenue Recognition 
  Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized, when the group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring 
a promised good or service to its customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the group expects to be 
entitled upon satisfying those performance obligations.
  Revenue from sale of products is recognised at the point in time when control of the product is transferred to the customer, 
generally on delivery of the product. The Company considers whether there are other promises in the contract that are separate 
performance obligations to which a portion of the transaction price needs to be allocated. In determining the transaction price 
for the sale of product, the Company considers the effects of variable consideration, the existence of significant financing 
components, non-cash consideration and consideration payable to the customer (if any).
  If the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the Company estimates the amount of consideration to which 
it will be entitled in exchange for transferring the products to customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract 
inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue 
recognised will not occur when the associates uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
  Export Incentive: under various scheme notified by government has been recognized on the basis of credits afforded in the 
passbook or amount received.
  Interest and Dividend Income: Interest income is recognized on a time proportion basis taking into account the amount 
outstanding and the rate applicable. 
=== PAGE 161 ===
155
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
  Income from dividend is recognized when right to receive payment is established
 g )  employee Benefits
  Short Term employee Benefits
  Short-term employee benefits are expenses as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount expected 
to be paid if the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided 
by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
  Post-employment Benefits
  defined benefit plan
  A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions to a statutory 
authority and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts.
  Retirement benefits in the form of Provident Fund and employee state insurance are a defined contribution scheme and 
contributions paid/payable towards these funds are recognised as an expense in the statement of profit and loss during the 
period in which the employee renders the related service. There are no other obligations other than the contribution payable 
to the respective trusts
  defined benefit plan
  The Company provides for gratuity which is a defined benefit plan the liabilities of which is determined based on valuation, 
as at the balance sheet date, made by the independent actuary using the projected unit credit method. Re-measurement 
comprising of actuarial gains and losses, in respect of gratuity are recognised in OCI (other comprehensive income), in the 
period in which they occur.
  Re-measurement recognised in OCI (other comprehensive income) are not reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss in 
Subsequent periods.
  The classification of the company’s obligation into current and non-current is as per the acturial valuation report.
 h )  Foreign Currency Transactions
  Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the Company’s functional currency at the exchange rates at the dates of 
the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency 
at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured based on historical cost in 
a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Exchange differences are recognised in 
Statement of profit & loss. 
 i )  Borrowing costs
  Borrowing costs are interest and other costs incurred in connection with the borrowing of funds. Borrowing costs directly 
attributable to acquisition, construction or production of an asset which necessarily take a substantial period of time to get 
ready for their intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are recognised as an 
expense in the period in which they are incurred. 
 j )  Income Tax
  Income Tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates 
to items recognised directly in Other Comprehensive Income. Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or receivable 
on the taxable income or loss for the year after taking credit of the benefits available under the Income Tax Act and any 
adjustment to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date
  Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for 
financial reporting purposes and the corresponding tax bases used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax assets include Minimum 
Alternative Tax (MAT) paid in accordance with the tax laws, which gives rise to future economic benefits in the form of 
adjustment of future income tax liability, is considered as an asset if there is probable evidence that the Company will pay 
normal income tax in future. Accordingly MAT is recognised as deferred tax asset in the Balance Sheet
 k )  Segment Reporting
  Operating Segments are reported in a manner consistent with the information reported to the Chief Operating Decision Maker 
(CODM) for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance based on product and services.
 l)   Cash and cash equivalents
  For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held 
at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less 
that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Bank 
overdrafts and Cash Credit that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of our cash management are included 
=== PAGE 162 ===
156
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the statement of cash flows. Whereas they are classified as 
borrowings under current liabilities in the balance sheet.
 m)  Statement of cash flow
  Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby net profit/(loss) before tax is adjusted for the effects of transactions 
of a non-cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future cash receipts or payments and item of income or expenses 
associated with investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows from regular revenue generating (operating activities), 
investing and financing activities of the Company are segregated. The Company considers all highly liquid investments 
that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value to be cash 
equivalents.
 n )  earning per share
  Basic Earnings Per Share (‘EPS’) is computed by dividing the net profit attributable to the equity shareholders by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period excluding the treasury shares in accordance with 
Ind AS 33 
  earnings per share.
  Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing the net profit by the weighted average number of equity shares considered 
for deriving basic earnings per share and also the weighted average number of equity shares that could have been issued upon 
conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares. Dilutive potential equity shares are deemed converted as of the beginning 
of the year, unless issued at a later date. In computing diluted earnings per share, only potential equity shares that are dilutive 
and that either reduces earnings per share or increases loss per share are included. The number of shares and potentially 
dilutive equity shares are adjusted retrospectively for all periods presented for the share splits.
 o)  Investments in Subsidiaries
  Investments representing equity interest in subsidiaries carried at cost less any provision for impairment. Investments are 
reviewed for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable
 p) Intangible assets
  i) Recognition and initial measurement
   Intangible assets that are acquired, are recognized at cost initially and carried at cost less accumulated amortization and 
accumulated impairment loss, if any. Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it increases the future economic 
benefits embodied in the specific asset to which it relates.
   An intangible asset is derecognised upon disposal (i.e, at the date the recipient obtains control) or when no future 
economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising upon derecognition of the asset 
(calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the 
statement of profit and loss, when the asset is derecognised
  ii) Subsequent measurement (amortisation) 
   Amortisation is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets over their estimated useful lives using the “Straight 
line method” (SLM) method, and is included in depreciation and amortisation in statement of profit and loss.
   Estimated useful lives of the assets are as follows:
   Nature of Intangible Assets Useful Life (years)
   Computer Software 8
   Software License 3-5
   Amortisation method and useful lives are reviewed at the end of each financial year and adjusted if appropriate
 q) Capital work-in-progress
  Capital work-in-progress is recognized at cost, net of accumulated impairment loss, if any. It comprises of property, plant and 
equipment that are not yet ready for their intended use at the reporting date. Depreciation is not recorded on capital work-in-
progress until construction and installation are complete and the asset is ready for its intended use by the management.
 r)  Financial instruments
  A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity 
instrument of another entity. Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party to 
the contractual provisions of the instruments.
  Financial asset and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction cost which are directly attributable to 
the acquisition or issue of financial instruments (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit 
or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial 
=== PAGE 163 ===
157
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
recognition. Transaction cost directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss. Subsequently, financial instruments are measured according to the 
category in which they are classified.
  (i)  Financial Assets
   All purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases 
or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by 
regulation or convention in the market place.
   All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured in their entirely at either amortised cost or fair value, 
depending on the classification of the financial assets.
   Classification of financial assets
   Classification of financial assets depends on the nature and purpose of the financial assets and is determined at the time 
of initial recognition.
   The Company classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:
  •  those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income, or through profit or loss), 
and
  •  those measured at amortised cost
   The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of 
the cash flows.
   A financial asset that meets the following two conditions is measured at amortised cost unless the asset is designated at 
fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option:
  •  Business model test : the objective of the Company’s business model is to hold the financial asset to collect the 
contractual cash flows.
  •  Cash flow characteristic test : the contractual term of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that 
are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
   A financial asset that meets the following two conditions is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
unless the asset is designated at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option:
  •  Business model test : the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting 
cash flows and selling financial assets.
  •  Cash flow characteristic test : the contractual term of the financial asset gives rise on specified dates to cash flows that 
are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
   All other financial assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss.
   Investments in equity instrument at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
   On initial recognition, the Company can make an irrevocable election (on an instrument by instrument basis) to present 
the subsequent changes in fair value in other comprehensive income pertaining to investments in equity instrument. This 
election is not permitted if the equity instrument is held for trading. These elected investments are initially measured at 
fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains / losses arising from changes 
in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income. This cumulative gain or loss is not reclassified to profit or loss 
on disposal of the investments.The Company has an equity investment in an entity which is not held for trading. The 
Company has elected to measure this investment at amortised cost. Dividend, if any, on this investments is recognised 
in profit or loss
   equity investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures 
   Investments representing equity interest in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are carried at cost less any 
provision for impairment. Investments are reviewed for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that 
the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
   Financial assets that do not meet the amortised cost criteria or fair value through other comprehensive income criteria 
are measured at fair value through profit or loss. A financial asset that meets the amortised cost criteria or fair value 
through other comprehensive income criteria may be designated as at fair value through  profit or loss upon initial  
recognition if such designation  eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that 
would arise from measuring assets and liabilities or recognising the gains or losses on them on different bases.
=== PAGE 164 ===
158
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
   Income Recognition:
    Interest income is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss using the effective interest method. Dividend income 
is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the right to receive dividend is established.
   Impairment
   The Company assesses at each reporting date whether a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) such as investments, 
trade receivables, advances and security deposits held at amortised cost and financial assets that are measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income are tested for impairment based on evidence or information that is available 
without undue cost or effort. Expected credit losses are assessed and loss allowances recognised if the credit quality of 
the financial asset has deteriorated significantly since initial recognition.
   Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the 
assets.For debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income, the loss allowance is recognised in other 
comprehensive income and is not reduced from the carrying amount of the financial asset in the balance sheet.
   The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no 
realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Company determines that the trade receivable does 
not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-
off. However, financial assets that are written-off could still be subject to enforcement activities under the Company’s 
recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in 
Consolidated statement of profit and loss.
   de-recognition of financial assets
   A financial asset is derecognised only when
  •  The Company has transferred the rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset or
  •  Retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of the financial asset, but assumes a contractual obligation to pay 
the cash flows to one or more recipients.
 (ii)  Financial liabilities and equity instruments
  Classification of debt or equity
  Debt or equity instruments issued by the Company are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with 
the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.
  Equity instruments
  An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its 
liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs
  Financial liabilities
  Borrowings, trade payables and other financial liabilities are initially recognised at the value of the respective contractual 
obligations. They are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any discount or premium on redemption/ settlement is 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss as finance cost over the life of the liability using the effective interest method 
and adjusted to the liability figure disclosed in the Balance Sheet. Financial liabilities are derecognised when the liability is 
extinguished, that is, when the contractual obligation is discharged, cancelled and on expiry.
  Offsetting Financial Instruments
  Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is included in the Balance Sheet where there is a legally 
enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and 
settle the liability simultaneously.
 s)  Leases
  Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net 
present value of the following lease payments:
  a. fixed payments 
  b. amount expected to be payable under residual value guarantees 
  c. the exercise price of a purchase option if it is reasonably certain that the Group will exercise that option
  Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the liability. 
The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily determined, which 
is generally, the case for lessees, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate used, being the rate that the individual lessee would 
have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic 
environment with similar terms, security and conditions. 
=== PAGE 165 ===
159
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
  To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group: 
  a. where possible, uses recent third-party financing received as a starting point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing 
conditions since third party financing was received 
  b. uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by the Group, 
which does not have recent third party financing, and 
  c. makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security. 
  Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged in the Statement of Profit and 
Loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for 
each period. 
  Right of use assets are measured at cost comprising the following: 
  a. the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability 
  b. any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, 
  c. any initial direct costs, and 
  d. restoration cost 
  Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the lower of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-
line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the 
underlying asset’s useful life. 
  Payments associated with short term leases and all leases of low value assets are recognized on a straight-line basis as an 
expense in profit or loss. Short term leases are leases where the lease term is 12 months or less.
  Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net 
present value of the following lease payments:
  d. fixed payments 
  e. amount expected to be payable under residual value guarantees 
  f. the exercise price of a purchase option if it is reasonably certain that the Group will exercise that option
 t) Recent accounting pronouncements
  Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new standards or amendments to the existing standards under Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued from time to time. During the year ended March 31, 2025, MCA has notified 
Ind AS 117 - Insurance Contracts and amendments to Ind As 116 – Leases , relating to sale and lease back transactions, 
applicable from April 1, 2024. The Company has assessed that there is no significant impact on its financial statements.
  On May 9, 2025, MCA notifies the amendments to Ind AS 21 - Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates. These 
amendments aim to provide clearer guidance on assessing currency exchangeability and estimating exchange rates when 
currencies are not readily exchangeable. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after April 1, 
2025. The Company is currently assessing the probable impact of these amendments on its financial statements
=== PAGE 166 ===
160
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2025      
 2 (a).  PROPeRTY PLANT ANd eQUIPMeNT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                (Rs. in Lakhs)
 Gross Carrying Value depreciation Net Carrying value
   description As at Additional / Sales / As at As at Additional /  Sales / As at As at As at
  April  1, 2024 adjustments adjustments March 31, 2025  April 1, 2024 Adjustments Adjustments March 31, 2025 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
           
Buildings 2,075.59   108.12   -   2,183.71   461.67   67.77   -   529.44   1,654.27   1,613.92 
Plant and Equipment 3,420.32   795.66   1.67   4,214.31   1,046.63   259.74   0.45   1,305.92   2,908.39   2,373.69  
Office Equipments  46.63   9.55   -   56.18   35.26   3.75   -   39.01   17.17   11.37 
Furniture and Fixtures  145.97   5.80   0.35   151.42   79.12   7.87   -   86.99   64.43   66.85
Vehicles  300.79   17.75   -   318.54   104.07   29.85   -   133.92   184.62   196.72  
Total  5,989.30   936.88   2.02   6,924.16   1,726.75   368.98   0.45   2,095.28   4,828.88   4,262.55  
Previous Year  4,121.09   1,948.49   80.28   5,989.30   1,500.52   284.40   58.17   1,726.75   4,262.55   2,620.57  
(i) The title deeds of the immovable properties are held in the name of the Company.
(ii) The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment
2(b) CAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS                                                                                                                                                                                                            (Rs. in Lakhs)
 Cost  Amount 
 As at April 1, 2023  1,329.40
 Additions  4.86 
 Capitalised during the year (1,081.05)
 As at March 31, 2024 253.21
 As at April 1, 2024  253.21
 Additions 670.69
 Capitalised during the year  (755.52)
 As at March 31, 2025 168.38 
(i) The title deeds of the immovable properties are held in the name of the Company. 
 CAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS AGEING 
 Ageing for capital works-in-progress as at March 31, 2025 as follows:
 description Amount in CWIP for the period of Total
         Less than 1 year 1-2 yyears 2-3 years More than 3 years 
 Projects in progress 168.38 - -   -    168.38     
 168.38 -     -     -    168.38 
 Ageing for capital works-in-progress as at March 31, 2024 as follows:
 description Amount in CwIP for the period of Total
 Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years 
 Projects in progress 4.86 248.35    -     -     253.21  
 4.86  248.35    -     -    253.21
 Project execution plans are modulated basis capacity requirement assessment on an annual basis and all the projects are executed as per rolling annual plan..   
 
     
=== PAGE 167 ===
161
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
3     RIGhT-OF- USe ASSeTS         
 Set out below are the carring amount of right-of-use assets recognised and the movments during the period:
 (Rs. in Lakhs) 
description
Gross Carrying Value   Amortisation  Net Carrying Value 
 As at 
April 1,2024 
 Additions/
adjustments 
 Sales/ 
adjustments
 
 As at
 March 31,2025 
 As at 
April 1,2024 
Additions/ 
Adjustments
Sales/ 
Adjusments
 As at March 
31,2025 
 As at March 
31,2025 
 As at 
March 31,2024 
Land  864.51  2.13  -  866.64  25.93  8.86  -  34.79  831.85  838.58 
Office premises 
(Commercial)  229.03  -  -  229.03  136.40  37.15  -  173.55  55.48  92.63 
Total  1,093.54  2.13  -  1,095.67  162.33  46.01  -  208.34  887.33  931.21 
Previous Year  1,076.74  16.81  -  1,093.54  116.35  45.98  -  162.33  931.21  960.39 
(i) The Company has not revalued its Right of Use Assets. 
4 (a)    OTheR INTANGIBLe ASSeTS
             Summary of cost and net carrying amount of each class of Intangible assets are given below:              (Rs, In Lakhs)
description Gross Carrying Value   Amortisation  Net Carrying Value 
 As at April 
1,2024 
 Additions /
adjustments 
 Sales/ 
adjustments 
 As at March 
31,2025 
 As at April 
1,2024 
 Additions/ 
Adjustments 
 Sales/ 
Adjustments 
 As at March 
31,2025 
 As at March 
31,2025 
 As at March 
31,2024 
 Computer Software 48.40  5.39  -  53.79  42.52  1.56  -  44.08  9.71  5.88 
 Software License  1.38  -  -  1.38  0.04  0.44  -  0.48  0.90  1.34 
 Total 49.78  5.39  -     55.17  42.56  2.00  -     44.56  10.61  7.22 
 Previous Year  48.40  1.38  -  49.78  39.88  2.68  -  42.56  7.22  8.52 
(i) The Company has not revalued its Other intangible Assets. 
4(b). INTANGIBLe ASSeTS UNdeR  deVeLOPMeNT                                                                                                                                                                                     (Rs in lakh)
  Cost  Amount 
As at April 1, 2023                2.28 
Additions                       - 
Capitalised during the year                 2.28 
As at March 31, 2024                 2.28 
As at April 1, 2024                 2.28  
Additions                1.60
Capitalised during the year              (2.28)
As at March 31, 2025            1.60 
=== PAGE 168 ===
162
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER DEVELOPMENT AGEING 
Intangible assets under development ageing schedule as at March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Lakh)
  description Amount in Intangible Assets under Development for the period of Total
 Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 year
  Projects in progress 1.60 - -  - 1.60
 1.60  -     -    - 1.60
Intangible assets under development ageing schedule as at March 31, 2024
 description  Amount in Intangible Assets under Development for the period of Total
 Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 year 
  Projects in progress 2.28 - -  - 2.28
 2.28    -    - - 2.28
Note : New Accounting software - Navision Business Central is under development as on 31-03-2025.
5. INVeSTMeNTS                                                                                                                        (Rs. in Lakh)
 NON CURReNT INVeSTMeNTS Face value As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
 A. Investments measured at Amortised Cost Per Unit No. of Share Value No. of Share Value
  Method (ACM) (equity Instrument)
 Associates     
 Fully paid-up     
 Peptech Biosciences Limited 10.00  12,74,940   127.49   12,74,940   127.49 
 Titan Media Ltd. 10.00  100   0.02  100 0.02
 Partly paid-up     
 Opening Balance Share in Profit of Associate    486.63   381.93 
 (Peptech Biosciences Limited)
 Add:- Share in Profit of Associate    320.38    104.70 
 (Peptech Biosciences Limited)
 Peptech Bioscience Limited 10.00  31,50,050   1,102.52  31,50,050   551.26 
 Titan Media Ltd. 10.00  33,90,510  406.86 33,90,510    203.43
 Opening Balance Share in profit of Associate    14.28    - 
 (Titan Media Limited)
 (Add:- Share in Profit of Associate    5.67  14.28
 (Titan Media Limited)    
 Total  78,15,600   2,463.85   78,15,600   1,383.11
 B. Investments Measured at Fair Value through Profit & Loss (FVTPL)
      (Rs. in Lakhs)
   As at  As at  
    March 31, 2025                     March 31, 2024
  Investments in Debt Instruments Quoted, fully paid up  813.10   1,436.13  
    813.10   1,436.13  
  Total Investments (A+B)  3,276.95 2,819.24
    (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 1)  The following shall also be disclosed: As at                        As at         
   March 31, 2025                     March 31, 2024 
 (a) Aggregate amount of quoted investments and market value thereof;  813.10   1,436.13 
 (b) Aggregate amount of unquoted investments; and 2,463.85 1,383.11
 (c) Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments.  -     -
   3,276.95  2,819.24 
=== PAGE 169 ===
163
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
    (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 2)  Category-wise Investments  As at                        As at         
   March 31, 2025                   March 31, 2024
 (a) Financial Assets measured at amortised Cost 2,463.85 1,383.11 
 (b) Financial Assets measured Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income  -     -  
 (c) Financial Assets measured Fair Value through Profit and Loss  813.10   1,436.13 
   3,276.95 2,819.24
6 OTheR FINANCIAL ASSeTS         (Rs. in Lakhs) 
   As at  As at
 Particulars March 31, 2025                 March 31, 2024
 Security Deposits  101.31  96.69 
 Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity 202.11   35.60
 Balance with Revenue Authorities  89.79    32.58 
   393.21   164.87
7 INVENTORIES  
   (Rs. in lakhs)
  As at As at
 Particulars March 31, 2025                 March 31, 2024
 At the lower of cost or net realisable value  
 Raw Material  2,860.97  2,656.36 
 Finished Goods  614.38   439.44 
 Work-in-progress  1,314.42   1,204.09 
 Packing Material  258.84   228.63 
 Stores & Spares Parts  23.68   28.58 
   5,072.29   4,557.10   
8 TRAde ReCeIV ABLeS   
   (Rs. in Lakhs) 
  As at As at
 Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Considered good – Secured -   - 
 Considered good – Unsecured  1,881.63   1,762.09
 Disputed Trade Receivables– considered good  -  103.70 
 Trade Receivables – credit impaired -     -   
   1,881.63   1,865.79
 Note : Trade receivables have been hypothecated with banks against working capital loans, refer note 15 for details. Also refer note 
40B for related parties details. 
 Ageing for trade receivables As at March 31,2025 as follows:                                                                       (Rs. in lakhs)
                                                   Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
  Not due Less than 6 months - 1 - 2 years 2 - 3 years More than 
 Particulars  6 months 1 year   3 years
 Undisputed trade receivables – considered good  862.17   876.65   89.42   11.24   0.70   41.45   1,881.63
 Undisputed trade receivables – which have -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 significant increase in credit risk
 Undisputed trade receivables – credit impaired  -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 Disputed trade receivables – considered good -     -     -     -    -  -    - 
 Disputed trade receivables – which have significant  -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 increase in credit risk
 Disputed trade receivables – credit impaired  -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 
  862.17   876.65   89.42   11.24   0.70   41.45   1,881.63
=== PAGE 170 ===
164
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
  Ageing for trade receivables As at March 31, 2024 as follows:      (Rs. in Lakhs) 
      Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
   Not due Less than 6 months-  1 - 2 years 2 - 3 years More than 
         Particulars  6 months 1 year   3 years
 Undisputed trade receivables – considered good  1,477.66   169.26   66.46   10.50   3.38   34.83   1762.09 
 Undisputed trade receivables – which have  -     -     -     -     -     -     - 
 significant increase in credit risk  
 Undisputed trade receivables – credit impaired  -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 Disputed trade receivables – considered good  -     -     -    -   103.70     -     103.70 
 Disputed trade receivables – which have significant  -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 increase in credit risk 
 Disputed trade receivables – credit impaired  -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
   1,477.66  169.26   66.46  10.50   107.08   34.83   1,865.79 
 (i) Note: Debts dues by       
        (Rs. in Lakhs)
  As at     As at
 Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Directors or other officers of the company *      -      -   
 Firm in which director is a partner      -      -   
 Private company in which director is a member      2.43    0.07
 * Either severally or jointly      2.43    0.07 
 (ii) Note : There are no unbilled dues to be disclosed.
9  CASh ANd CASh eQUIV ALeNTS       (Rs. in lakhs)
  As at     As at
  Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
  Balance with Banks  504.93   274.05
  Cash on hand  7.86  7.96 
  Bank Deposits with original Maturity less than 3 months                         - 2.00
   512.79  284.01 
10  OTheR BANK BALANCe       (Rs. in lakhs)
  As at     As at
  Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
  Unpaid dividend account (Refer note 6) 43.04 44.54
   43.04  44.54 
11(a) CURReNT TAX ASSeTS (NeT)  (Rs. in lakhs)
  Particulars As at       As at
   March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 
  Advance Income tax/TDS  604.23 784.15 
  Less:-Provision for Current Tax  (596.92)    (778.87)  
   7.31 5.28
11(b) CURReNT TAX LIABILITY (NeT)
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at     As at
  Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
  Provision for Current Tax  -  - 
  Less:Advance Income tax/TDS - -
   - -
=== PAGE 171 ===
165
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
12 OTheR CURReNT ASSeTS   (Rs. in lakhs)
  As at   As at
 Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
 Balance with Revenue Authorities  90.95   62.14  
 Goods in transit included Raw material inventories  9.77   30.41 
 Advances to Suppliers  164.06   103.84 
 Advances to Others  89.01   284.99
 Prepaid Expenses  31.73   18.72 
 Advance to Employees 1.21  5.13 
   386.73  505.23
13 eQUITY ShAReS CAPITAL   (Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at As at
 Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Authorized:  
 100,00,000 (Previous year 100,00,000) Equity Shares of  Rs.10/-each.  1000.00   1000.00 
   1000.00   1000.00 
 Issued:                  
 82,63,700 (Previous year 82,63,700) Equity Shares of  Rs.10/- each   826.37   826.37 
   826.37    826.37
 Subscribed and Paid-up:     
 82,63,700 (Previous year 82,63,700) Equity Shares of  Rs.10/- each   826.37   826.37
   826.37    826.37
 (i) Reconciliation of Shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period  
    As at March 31, 2025   As at March 31, 2024  
   Numbers   (Rs. in Lakhs)   Numbers   (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 Equity Shares outstanding at the beginning of the year  82,63,700   826.37   82,63,700  826.37 
 Add: Equity Shares Issued during the year   -   -   -   - 
 Equity Shares outstanding at the end of the year  82,63,700   826.37   82,63,700  826.37 
 (ii) detail of shareholder holding more than 5 percent shares of the Company as on reporting date are given below:
   As at March 31, 2025   As at March 31, 2024  
  Name of Shareholder Numbers of  Percentage of   Numbers of   Percentage of
   Share held Holding  Share held Holding
 1.  Titan Securities Limited  27,76,155  33.59%  27,76,155  33.59%
 2.  Tanita Leasing & Finance Limited  7,84,455  9.49%  7,84,455  9.49%
 3.  Connoisseur Management Services P.Ltd,  5,60,000  6.78%  5,60,000  6.78%
 4.  Investor Education And Protection Fund  7,66,883  9.28%  7,27,932  8.81%
  Authority (Ministry Of Corporate Affairs)
(iii) Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to shares    
 Equity shares   
 The Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of Rs. 10 each. Each shareholder is eligible for one vote per share held 
and carry a right to dividend. The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the 
ensuing Annual General Meeting, except in case of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible 
to receive the remaining assets of the Company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding.
=== PAGE 172 ===
166
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
(iv) disclosure of Shareholding of Promoters    
 Disclosure of shareholding of promoters as at March 31, 2025 & March 31, 2024 is as follows:  
 Shares held by promoters
 S.  Promoter Name  As at March 31, 2025   As at March 31, 2024   % Change
  No.   No. of Shares % of Total Shares No. of Shares % of Total Shares during the year
 1 Madhu Gupta 66510 0.80 66510 0.80  -   
 2 Manju Singla 71210 0.86 71210 0.86  -   
 3 Naresh Kumar Singla 34510 0.42 34510 0.42  -   
 4 Raja Singla 61100 0.74 61100 0.74  -   
 5 Ravinder Gupta 7900 0.10 7900 0.10  -   
 6 Shivom Singla 35400 0.43 35400 0.43  -   
 7 Supriya Singla 54493 0.66 54493 0.66  -   
 8 Suresh Chand Singla 105671 1.28 105671 1.28  -   
 9 Udit Singla 50000 0.61 50000 0.61  -   
 10 Naresh Kumar Singla HUF  10000 0.12 10000 0.12  -   
 11 Ravinder Gupta HUF 111 0.00 111 0.00  -   
  12 Connoisseur Management 560000 6.78 560000 6.78  -   
   Services Private  Limited
 13 Tanita Leasing & Finance  Limited 784455 9.49 784455 9.49  -  
 14 Titan Securities  Limited 2776155 33.59 2776155 33.59  -   
   Total 4617515  55.88  4617515  55.88  -
14.    OTheR eQUITY                                                                                                                                                        (Rs. in lakhs)
 
Particulars Reserves and Surplus Other Comprehensive Income Total 
Other 
EquityCapital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Retained 
Earnings
Items that will not be 
Reclassified to Profit or Loss 
Remeasurement  
Gain / (Loss) 
of the defined 
benefit plans 
(Net of tax)
Equity 
Instruments 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (Net of 
tax)
Balance as at April 01, 2023             -        867.50  9,282.14                  15.08                         -        10,164.72 
Profit for the Year March 31, 2024 -                 -    2,485.30 -    -    2,485.30
Addition during the year                -   -                  -   -    -                       -   
Other comprehensive income (net of tax) 
for the year March 31, 2024                 -   -                  -                    17.48                           -               17.48
Dividend                 -                 -     (148.75)                          -                             -           (148.75)
Balance as at March 31, 2024             -        867.50  11,618.69                  32.56                         -    12,518.75 
Profit for the Year March 31, 2025                 -                 -    2,153.16                          -                             -          2,153.16
Addition during the year                 -   -                  -                            -                             -                      -   
Other comprehensive income (net of tax) 
for the year March 31, 2025                 -                 -                  -                    7.31                           -               7.31
Dividend                 -                 -     (165.27)                          -                             -           (165.27)
Balance as at March 31, 2025             -        867.50 13,606.58                  39.87                         -    14,513.95 
=== PAGE 173 ===
167
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
15.  FINANCIAL LIABILITIeS  (NON CURReNT)
15(a) BORROwINGS                                                                              (Rs. in lakhs)
     As at As at
   Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 
   Loan From Bank    
   Secured  
   Term loans  
   (I) From banks 20.71 29.90
   (II) From  other parties 35.13 57.61
   Total   55.84  87.51
   Less: Current Maturity of Long Term Borrowings (37.41)  (42.18)
   Total   18.43  45.33 
   details of current maturity of long term borrowing:   
   Secured  
   Term loans  
   (I) From banks 12.95 19.70
   (II) From  other parties 24.47 22.48
   Total   37.42 42.18
15.  FINANCIAL LIABILITIeS  (CURReNT)
15 (b) BORROWINGS       (Rs. in lakhs)
       As at As at
   Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
    Loans repayable on demand  
   From Bank  
   w orking Capital Loans (secured) -at amortised cost
   Cash Credit,Packing Credit and Bill Discounting Facilities 154.37 629.58 
   Current Maturity of Long Term Borrowings(refer note 15)  37.42  42.18
       191.79  671.76
  Note: (a)  Terms of repayment of Borrowings:
 (i)  Cash Credit, Packing Credit and Bill Discounting Facilities lending from ICICI Bank repayable on demand and bear 
interest of  Repo Rate + 2.60% P.A. with repayable amount as on 31.03.2025 is Rs.154.37 lakh.  
 (ii) Vehicle loan pending from TOYOTA FINANCIAL SERVICES INDIA LTD. repayable on equal monthly instalment of  
Rs. 1.10 lakh bear interest of  8.50% P.A. with maturity date of  10-08-2026 having principal amount as on 31.03.2025 is 
Rs.15.57 lakh and TOYOTA FINANCIAL SERVICES INDIA LTD. on equal monthly instalment of Rs. 1.10 lakh bear 
interest of 8.50% P.A. with maturity date of 10.08.2026 having principal as on 31.03.2025 is Rs.17.56 lakh. 
 (iii) Vehicle loan pending from HDFC Bank repayable on equal monthly instalment of  Rs. 0.30 lakh bear interest of  9.10% 
P.A. with maturity date of  07-03-2025 having principal amount as on 31.03.2025 is Rs.10.51 lakh and HDFC Bank on 
equal monthly instalment of Rs. 1.31 lakh bear interest of 11.50% P.A. with maturity date of 05.11.2025 having principal 
as on 31.03.2025 is Rs.10.20 lakh    
Note (b) : Charge on secured borrowings is as given below:
     1 Primary Security   
     (i) Cash Credit -> Hypothecation by way of  First and Exclusive charge on all present and future stocks and book debts 
for CC limit, FD for LC/BC.
     (ii) Vehicle loan is hypothecation on specific car.
    2 Collateral Security
     (i) Plot No. SP-238 (B & C)-2, RIICO Industrial Area, Kaharani, Distt. Alwar, Bhiwadi, Rajasthan-301019
  Note (c) : above secured Loans (Other than Vehicle Loan) are personal guarantee of five directors.   
 
=== PAGE 174 ===
168
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
16 LeASe LIABILITIeS  
16(a) Non Current Lease liabilities     (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
  Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
  Lease Liabilities 67.23   107.55
  Less:-Discharge of liabilties  (43.75)  (38.11) 
  23.48   69.44  
16(b) Current Lease Liabilities                                                              (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
     Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
  Lease liabilities  45.97  43.76
   45.97   43.76
  Amounts recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss as on 31-03-2025  
  Interest on Lease Liability    9.49  12.62  
  Depreciation on Right of Use asset  37.15  37.15 
  Impact due to change in Accounting Policy  
  The maturity analysis of the lease liability is included in the refer note 41.
  The effective interest rate for lease liabilities is 9.00% & 8.10%, with maturity between 2028-29
17(a) PROVISIONS  (NON CURReNT)    (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
     Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Provision for Employees Benefits  162.78   148.34 
   162.78   148.34 
17(b) PROVISIONS  (CURReNT)    (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
     Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Provision for Employees Benefits  63.34   55.64 
   63.34   55.64 
18 deFeRRed TAX LIABILITIeS (Net)    
  (Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at                           As at
  Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
  Deferred Tax Liabilities  279.69   242.35   
  Less: Deferred Tax Assets  (127.59) (105.11)
    152.10   137.24  
     (Rs. in lakhs)
  Movement in deferred tax   As at  March 31, 2025  As at  March 31, 2024
  liabilities/assets balances :-
  deferred tax liabilities Opening Recognised Recognised Closing Opening Recognised/ Recognised Closing
  /(assets) in relation to:- Balance   /reversed through  in Other Balance Balance reversed in Other Balance
    Profit or Loss  Comprehensive    through Comprehen- 
     Income   Profit or Loss sive Income  
  Deferred tax Assets in relation to:-        
  Provision for Employees Benefits  65.68   10.11   -     75.79   56.94   8.74   -     65.68 
  Leave Encashment  39.43   12.37   -     51.80   30.16   9.27   -     39.43
  Total Deferred Tax Assets  105.11   22.48   -     127.59   87.10   18.01   -     105.11
  Deferred tax Liabilities in relation to:-       
  Depreciation and Amortization Expense  230.93   34.88   -     265.81  202.31   28.62   -     230.93 
  Re-measurement gain on defined benefit plans  11.42   -     2.46   13.88   5.54   -    5.88  11.42
  Total deferred Tax Liabilities  242.35   34.88  2.46  279.69   207.85   28.62   5.88   242.35 
=== PAGE 175 ===
169
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
19   TRADE PAYABLES
(Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at                           As at
    Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Total outstanding dues of micro enterprise and small enterprises 55.03 55.65 
 Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises 466.62 281.17
  521.65 336.82
     Ageing for trade payables As at March 31,2025 as follows:      (Rs. in lakhs) 
             Particulars                       Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment    Total
  Not due Less than  1 - 2 years 2 - 3 years More than 
   1 year   3 years 
 MSME (Refer note-37)  55.03   -     -     -     -     55.03 
 Others  177.00   287.84   0.04   1.10   0.64   466.62 
 Disputed due-MSME  -     -     -     -     -     -   
 Disputed due-Others  -     -     -     -     -     -   
   232.03   287.84   0.04   1.10   0.64   521.65 
     
    Ageing for trade payables As at March 31,2024 as follows:                               (Rs. in lakhs) 
                             Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment    Total
     Particulars Not due Less than  1 - 2 years 2 - 3 years More than 
   1 year   3 years
     MSME (Refer note-37)  45.99   9.66   -     -     -   55.65
 Others  102.97   176.50   1.14   -     0.56  281.17
 Disputed due-MSME  -     -     -     -     -     -   
 Disputed due-Others  -     -     -     -     -     -   
   148.96   186.16   1.14   -     0.56   336.82
 (i) Note : There are no unbilled dues to be disclosed.
20 OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES                          (Rs. in lakhs) 
  As at                           As at
 Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Expenses Payable  277.61   292.07 
 Security deposits received from customers (at Amortised Cost)  8.94   5.84
 Creditors for exp.  294.48   267.82
 Unpaid dividend account  43.04   44.54 
   624.07   610.27 
21 OTheR CURReNT LIABILITIeS  (Rs. in Lakhs) 
  As at                   As at                          
 Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Advance from customers  246.62   195.55 
 Statutory dues   80.20   43.26 
   326.82   238.81 
=== PAGE 176 ===
170
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
22 ReVeNUe FROM OPeRATIONS   (Rs. in lakhs)
  Year Ended Year Ended
 Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Sale of Products (Net of Discount)  15,645.08  16,407.21 
   15,645.08 16,407.21 
23 OTheR INCOMe    (Rs. in lakhs) 
  Year Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Interest  
  Bank Deposits  9.72    2.74 
  Others  41.28   5.83 
 Other Non-Operating Income  283.95   109.95 
 Gain on Financial Assets  
  Net gain or (losses) on fair value change  56.30   56.30 
    391.25   174.82  
24 COST OF MATeRIALS CONSUMed    (Rs. in lakhs)
   Year Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
 Raw Material  
 Opening Balance  2,656.36   2,274.74 
 Add : Purchases of Raw Material  7,751.54   8,468.33 
    10,407.90   10,743.07 
 Less: Closing Stock   2,860.97   2,656.36 
 Cost of Raw Material Consumed : 7,546.93   8,086.71 
 Packing Material  
 Opening Balance  22.93   21.21 
 Add : Purchases  2.12   4.25 
    25.05   25.46 
 Less: Closing Stock   23.90   22.93 
 Cost of Packing Material Consumed :  1.15   2.53 
 Total Cost of raw material and components consumed  7,548.08   8,089.24 
  
25 ChANGe IN INVeNTORIeS OF FINIShed GOOdS ANd wORK IN PROGReSS
     (Rs. in lakhs) 
   Year Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Inventories (At Commencement)                                       
 Finished Goods  439.44   360.79 
 Work-in-Progress  1,204.09   754.11 
    1,643.53   1,114.90 
 Inventories (At Close)  
 Finished Goods  614.38   439.44
 Work-in-Progress  1,314.42   1,204.09
    1,928.80   1,643.53
 Increase)/ Decrease in Inventories  (285.27)  (528.63)
=== PAGE 177 ===
171
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
26 eMPLOYee BeNeFITS eXPeNSe  (Rs. in Lakhs) 
   Year Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Salaries & Wages   2,398.57   2,173.86 
 Contribution to Provident & Other Funds  173.43   141.50 
 Staff Welfare Expenses  65.96   55.70 
    2,637.96   2,371.06 
27 FINANCe COST   (Rs. in lakhs)
   Year Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
 Interest expense on financial liabilities at amortised cost  44.04  79.57  
 Other finance costs  21.49   23.10
 Net interest on defined benefit arrangement  14.65    14.33 
    80.18   117.00   
28 dePReCIATION ANd AMORTIZATION eXPeNSe   (Rs. in lakhs)
   Year Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Depreciation Property Plant & Equipment  368.97   284.40
 Amortisation intangible assets  2.00  2.68 
 Amortisation of right- of- use assets  46.01   45.98
    416.98   333.06
29 OTheR eXPeNSeS    (Rs. in lakhs
   Year Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Manufacturing & Operating Overheads  
 Cartage & Freight Inward  107.80   114.19 
 Power & Fuel Exp.  953.14   997.92 
 Repair & Maintenance -Factory  98.77   84.08 
 Lab Exp.  17.63   13.18 
 Consumable Store  51.22   103.03 
 Packing Material 385.83   444.18 
 Processing Charges  48.07   56.35
    1,662.46   1,812.93 
 Administrative Expenses   
 Auditors’ Remuneration - (a)  3.35   3.14 
 Cost Audit Fees  1.05   -   
 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)  59.61   63.90 
 Director  Sitting Fees  2.43   0.95 
 Economic Charges  2.23   2.90 
 Factory Cleaning Exp.  15.80   16.52 
 Electricity Exp.  29.95   25.80 
 Rates & Taxes  41.65   35.50 
 Repair & Maintenance  
  Building  19.36   14.07 
  Vehicle  19.02   19.03 
  Others  19.39   15.80 
 Internal Audit Fees  0.20   0.20 
 Insurance       6.80   8.73 
 Legal & Professional Charges  40.32   29.89 
=== PAGE 178 ===
172
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
 OTheR eXPeNSeS (CONTd.)    (Rs. in lakhs)
   Year Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Loss due to Quality Issue  4.32   0.15 
 Rent Expense  42.00   33.00 
 Printing & Stationery & Postage  29.68   19.12
 Security & Man Power Suppliers Charges  21.45   33.44
 Software Exp  14.08   8.90 
 Telephone Exp.  14.97   12.30
 Loss on Transit  -     0.35
 Other Expenses  32.25   14.47 
    419.91   358.16 
 Selling & Distribution Expenses   
 Advertisement Exp.  13.93   17.19 
 Business Promotion 393.24   244.01 
 Cartage & Freight Outward  426.95   376.59
 Commission Paid  29.55   30.57 
 Travelling Exp.  255.63   207.95 
    1,119.30   876.31 
    3,201.67   3,047.40 
 (a) Details of Statutory Auditor’s Remuneration are as follows:  
   Statutory Audit Fees  2.35   2.14 
   Taxation matters  1.00   1.00
    3.35   3.14
 30 INCOMe TAX eXPeNSeS   (Rs. in lakhs)
    Year Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Current Tax expense  596.92   778.87 
 Deferred Tax expense  12.40   10.61 
 Earlier year Taxes  0.30   (2.90)
     609.62   786.58 
 The reconciliation of estimated income tax expense at statutory income tax rate to income tax expense reported in statement 
of profit and loss is as follows:
       (Rs. in lakhs)
     Year Ended                  Year ended
  Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
 Profit before income taxes  2,436.73   3,152.90 
 Indian statutory income tax rate 25.17% 25.17%
  expected income tax expense  613.32   793.58 
 Tax effect of adjustments to reconcile expected income tax expense to reported income tax expense:  
 Tax impact of expenses which will never be allowed  40.89   35.31 
 Others (net)  (44.59)  (42.32)
 Total income tax expense  609.62   786.58  
 The tax rate used for the year 2024-25 and 2023-24 is the corporate tax rate of 25.17%  (22% + surcharge @ 10% and cess @ 4%) and 
25.17% (22% + surcharge @ 10% and cess @ 4%) respectively payable on taxable profits under the Income Tax Act, 1961.Significant 
components of net deferred tax assets and liabilities for the year ended March. 31, 2025 are given in Note 18.
=== PAGE 179 ===
173
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
31 e ARNINGS PeR ShARe                                                                                                                                                    (Rs. in lakh)
     Year Ended                  Year ended
  Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
  Profit for the period   2,153.16   2,485.30 
  weighted average number of shares used in the calculation of ePS:  
  Weighted average number of Basic Equity Shares outstanding  8,263,700   8,263,700 
  Weighted average number of Diluted Equity Shares outstanding  8,263,700   8,263,700 
  Face value of per share  10.00   10.00 
  Basic EPS (In Rs.)  26.06   30.07
  Diluted EPS (In Rs.)  26.06   30.07 
32 discontinuing Operations   
 The Company has not discontinued any operation during the year under audit. Hence there are no detail which need to be disclosed  
as required by Ind AS 105.
33 disclosure required by Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 19 on “employee Benefits”:  
 defined Benefit Plan-Gratuity
 Table I: Assumptions     (Rs. in lakhs)
  Assumptions As at As at                      
     March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
  Discount Rates 6.55% 7.18%
   Rate of increase in Compensation levels 8.00% 11.50%
   Rate of Return on Plan Assets  NA   NA 
   Expected Future Service  26.69 Years  26.90 Years
 Table II: Service Cost    (Rs. in lakhs) 
  P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
     March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
  Current Service Cost  25.54   20.39  
   Past Service Cost (including curtailment Gains/Losses)  -     -   
  Gains or losses on Non Routine settlements  -     -   
  Total   25.54   20.39 
 Table III: Net Interest Cost  (  Rs. in lakhs) 
  P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
     March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
 Interest Cost on Defined Benefit Obligation  14.65 14.33 
Interest Income on Plan Assets  -     - 
  Net Interest Cost (Income)  14.65  14.33 
 Table IV: Change in Present Value of Obligations (Unfunded)  (  Rs. in lakhs) 
  P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
     March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
 Opening of defined benefit obligations   203.97   194.71
  Service cost  25.54   20.39 
  Interest Cost  14.65   14.33 
  Benefit Paid  (8.28)  (2.10)
  Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on total liabilities:  (9.76)  (23.36)
  - due to change in financial assumptions  (15.73)  1.82 
  - due to change in demographic assumptions  -     (20.62)
  - due to experience variance  5.97   (4.56)
  Closing of defined benefit obligation (Non-Funded)  226.12   203.97  
=== PAGE 180 ===
174
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
 Table V: Other Comprehensive Income  (  Rs. in lakhs) 
   P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
     March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
   Opening amount recognized in OCI outside P&L account  -     - 
   Actuarial gain / (loss) on liabilities  9.76   23.36 
   Actuarial gain / (loss) on assets - -
   Closing amount recognized in OCI outside P&L account  9.76   23.36
  Table VI: The amount to be recognized in Balance Sheet Statement  ( Rs. in lakhs) 
   P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
     March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
   Present Value of Obligations  226.12  203.98
   Fair value of plan assets -     - 
    Net Obligations  226.12  203.98 
  Amount not recognized due to asset limit - -
   Net defined benefit liability / (assets) recognized in balance sheet (Unfunded)  226.12   203.98 
 Table VII: expense Recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss  ( Rs. in lakhs) 
   Particulars Year ended                  Year ended
     March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
   Service cost  25.54    20.39 
    Net Interest Cost  14.65   14.33 
   expenses Recognized in the statement of Profit & Loss  40.19   34.72
 Table VIII: Change in Net defined Obligations (Unfunded)  ( Rs. in lakhs)
  Particulars Year ended                  Year ended
     March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
  Opening of Net defined benefit liability  203.98   194.71 
   Service cost 25.54   20.39 
    Net Interest Cost  14.65   14.33 
   Re-measurements (9.76)  (23.36)
   Contribution paid to fund  (8.28)   (2.10)
   Closing of Net defined benefit liability  226.13   203.97 
 Table IX: Reconciliation of expense in Profit and Loss Statement  ( Rs. in lakhs) 
  Particulars Year ended                  Year ended
     March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024
   Present Value of Obligation as at the end of the year  226.13 203.97  
   Present Value of Obligation as at the beginning of the year  (203.98) (194.71)
   Benefit Paid  8.28   2.10 
   Actual Return on Assets  -     -   
   OCI   9.76    23.36 
   expenses Recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  40.19  34.72
 Table X: Reconciliation of Liability in Balance Sheet  ( Rs. in lakhs)
  P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
     March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
 Opening net defined benefit liability / (asset) 203.97   194.71 
   Expense charged to profit and loss account  40.19   34.72 
   Amount recognized outside profit & loss account - -
   Employer Contributions  (8.28)  (2.10)
   OCI   (9.76)  (23.36)
   Closing net defined benefit liability / (asset) (Unfunded) 226.12   203.97 
=== PAGE 181 ===
175
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
 Table XI: Sensitivity Analysis  
 Following table shows the sensitivity results on liability due to change in the assumptions: 
      ( Rs. in lakhs) 
 Items  Year ended                 Impact Impact %
     March 31, 2025  (Absolute) 
 Base Liability  226.12   
 Increase Discount Rate by 0.50%  223.36   (2.76) -1.22%
  Decrease Discount Rate by 0.50%  228.97   2.85  1.26%
  Increase Salary Inflation by 1.00%  231.58   5.46  2.41%
 Decrease Salary Inflation by 1.00%  220.82   (5.30) -2.34%
 Increase Salary Inflation by 5.00%  221.46   (4.66) -2.06%
  Decrease Salary Inflation by 5.00%  231.62   5.50  2.43%
 Note:  
 1  The base liability is calculated at discount rate of 6.55% per annum and salary inflation rate of 8.00% per annum for all future 
years. 
 2  Liabilities are very sensitive to salary escalation rate, discount rate & withdrawal rate. 
 3  Liabilities are very less sensitive due to change in mortality assumptions. Hence, sensitivities due to change in mortality are 
ignored.
      ( Rs. in lakhs) 
 Items  Year ended                 Impact Impact %
    March 31, 2024  (Absolute) 
 Base Liability 203.97   
 Increase Discount Rate by 0.50% 201.29  (2.69) -1.32%
 Decrease Discount Rate by 0.50%  206.76   2.78  1.36%
 Increase Salary Inflation by 1.00% 209.01   5.03  2.47%
 Decrease Salary Inflation by 1.00%  199.03  (4.94) -2.42%
 Increase Salary Inflation by 5.00% 197.24   (6.74) -3.30%
 Decrease Salary Inflation by 5.00%  212.71   8.74  4.28%
 Note:  
 1  The base liability is calculated at discount rate of 7.18% per annum and salary inflation rate of 11.50% per annum for all future 
years. 
 2 Liabilities are very sensitive to salary escalation rate, discount rate & withdrawal rate.
 3 Liabilities are very less sensitive due to change in mortality assumptions. Hence, sensitivities due to change in mortality are 
ignored.
Table XII: Maturity Profile of defined Benefit Obligation (Valued on undiscounted basis)
    (Rs. in lakhs)
 P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
   March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
 Year 1   63.61   56.21 
 Year 2  43.00   36.81 
 Year 3  35.83   30.80 
 Year 4  30.67   26.68 
 Year 5  27.01   23.12 
 After 5 Years  72.34   81.99 
 Total  272.46   255.61 
34 disclosures of Provisions required by Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) 37 on “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and 
Contingent Assets”: 
 In the opinion of the Management , there are no provisions for  which disclosure is required during the financial year 2024-25 as per 
Indian Accounting Standard (IndAS) 37 on “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets”. 
35 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments
 (I) Contingent Liabilities 
  
 There is a probability of liability arising in future as of the BG Amount.
=== PAGE 182 ===
176
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
     (Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at As at                      
  Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
  Guarantees to bank against credit facilities/ Performance guarantees    95.55 128.40 
   95.55 128.40
 (II)   Commitments
     (Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at As at                      
  Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
 Uncalled liability on partly paid-up shares  682.49    1,161.55 
   682.49   1,161.55
36 Gain or loss on foreign currency transaction and translation: 
 The Company has imported goods of Rs. 1,626.18 Lakhs & exported goods of Rs. 5,390.28 Lakhs during the year. 
 The Company has made a gain of Rs 96.81 lakhs and Rs.80.95 lakhs on account of foreign currency transactions during the financial 
year 2024-25 and 2023-24 respectively due to exchange price fluctuation.   
37 Segment Reporting  
 A. Primary Segment Reporting (by Business Segment):      
 (a).  Based on the guiding principles given in Ind AS 108 - “Operating segments”, the Company is primarily engaged in the business 
of  Biological Products. As the Company’s business activity falls within a single primary business segment, the disclosure 
requirements of Ind AS-108 in this regard are not applicable.  
 B. Secondary Segment Reporting (by Geographical demarcation):    
     (Rs. in lakhs) 
   Year Ended               Year ended
  Particulars March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
  Revenue from Operations 
  Domestic 10,254.80 10,757.81  
  Overseas 5,390.28   5,649.40 
  Total  15,645.08    16,407.21 
38  Information as required to be furnished as per section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium enterprises development Act, 2006 
(MSMed Act) for the year ended March 31, 2025 & March 31, 2024 are given below. This information has been determined 
to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information available with the Company 
  Particular As at  As at 
      March 31,2025 March 31,2024
  i)  Principal amount and interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier  covered 
    under MSMED Act  
    Principal 55.03 55.65 
    Interest  -     -   
 ii) The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED Act, 
    2006 along with amounts of the payments made to the supplier beyond the appointed day  
    Principal Paid during FY - -
    Interest Paid during FY* - -
 iii) The amount of interest due and payables for the period of delay in making payment 
    (Which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year ) but without 
    adding the interest specified under MSMED Act. - -
 iv) The amount of Interest accrued and remaining unpaid - -
 v) The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding 
   years, until such date when the interest dues as above actually paid to the small 
   enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible enterprise under section 
   23 of the MSMED Act, 2006. 
 * The interest has been reversed since the same was not required to be paid as per the agreement /PO
=== PAGE 183 ===
177
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
39 disclosure under Regulation 34 (3) of Securities and exchange Board of India (SeBI) (listing obligations and disclosure 
requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 Loans and advances (excluding advance towards equity) in the nature of loans and advances given to Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures, 
Associates and Firms/Companies in which directors are interested:
   Year ended 31/03/2025  Year ended 31/03/2024 
    Balance at   Maximum    Balance at   Maximum 
        Related Party:  Year end   Outstanding   Year end   Outstanding 
 1) Associate:    
 (a)   Titan Media Limited -   -   -   - 
 (ii) Firms/companies in which directors are interested    
 (a) Titan Securities Limited  -   -   -   125.00  
 (b) Tanita Leasing & Finance Limited  -   -   -   - 
 (c) Connoisseur Management Services Private Limited  -   -   -   - 
 (d) Tee Eer Securities & Financial Services Private Limited  -   -   -   - 
 (e) Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd. -   -   -   - 
40 Related Party disclosures:    
A. List of Related Parties: 
 i. Associates 
   (a) Peptech Biosciences Limited 
   (b) Titan Media Limited 
 ii. Significant influence over the entity; 
   (a) Titan Securities Limited 
 iii. Other related parties 
   (a) Tanita Leasing & Finance Limited 
   (b) Connoisseur Management Services Private Limited 
   (c) Tee Eer Securities & Financial Services Private Limited
   (d) Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd 
   (e) Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd.
   (f) Emprise Productions Private Ltd.
   (g) Mbon Nutrients LLP 
   (h) Suptex Industries Pvt. Ltd. 
   (i) Simtex Mart Pvt. Ltd.
   (j) SR Infratech 
   (k) Eminent Realtech LLP
   (l) Titan Agritech Limited 
   (m) PG Micro Lab Solution LLP 
   (n) Naresh Kumar Singla (HUF) 
   (o) Suresh Chand Singla (HUF) 
   (p) Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh (Independent Director) 
    w.e.f. 01/10/2023
   (q) Mr. Dhairya Madan (Independent Director) 
    w.e.f. 01/10/2023
   (r) Mr. Abhishek Agarwal (Independent Director) 
   (s) Mr. Rohit Jain (Independent Director)
   (t) Titan Animal Nutrition Private Limited
   (u)  Satvik Realtech LLP 
 iv. Key Managerial Personnel (KMP): 
   (a) Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla (Managing Director) 
   (b) Mr. Suresh Chand Singla (Managing Director) 
   (c) Mr. Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary) 
   (d) Mr. Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O) 
=== PAGE 184 ===
178
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
   (e) Mr. Udit Singla (Whole Time Director) 
    From 01.10.2023 
   (f) Mr. Shivom Singla (Whole Time Director)    
   From 01.10.2023
   (g) Mr. Raja Singla (Whole Time Director) 
   (h) Mrs Manju Singla (Director) 
   (i) Ms Supriya Singla (Director) 
 v. Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel: 
   (a) Mr. Udit Singla (Vice President-Media)   
   till 30.09.2023
   (b) Mr. Shivom Singla (Vice President-Bulk)   
   till 30.09.2023
   (c) Mrs Madhu Gupta 
   (d) Mrs. Sachi Singla  
B. disclosure of transactions between the Company and Related Parties during the year in the ordinary course of business and 
status of outstanding balances at year end: 
 (a). details of significant transactions with Subsidiary, Associates other related parties:
         (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particular Relationship As at As at                  
      March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
 Borrowings (Current) (Net)   
 Titan Securities Limited Significant influence over, the entity; 90.00  125.00
 Tanita Leasing & Finance Limited Other related parties 25.00   - 
  Connoisseur Management Services  Other related parties 15.00 -
  Private Limited
       130.00  125.00  
 Finance Costs  
 Titan Securities Limited Significant influence over, the entity; 3.76  1.44   
 Tanita Leasing & Finance Limited Other related parties 0.45 -
 Connoisseur Management Services Other related parties 0.47 -
  Private Limited   
      4.68 1.44
 Loan & Advances   
 Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate 300.00 -
      300.00 - 
    
 Dividend Issued   
 Titan Securities Limited Significant influence over, the entity;  55.52   49.97
 Tanita Leasing & Finance Limited Other related parties  15.69   14.12
 Connoisseur Management Services Other related parties  11.20   10.08 
 Private Limited
 Naresh Kumar Singla (HUF) Other related parties  0.20  0.18
      82.61 74.35
 Purchase of Shares   
 Tee Eer Securities & Financial Other related parties  - 0.02  
 Services Private Limited  
 Interest income   
 Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  2.54   -   
       2.54   -   
 Revenue from Operations   
 Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  493.93   464.02 
 Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd. Other related parties  47.47   96.46 
 Titan Media Limited Associate  2.25   11.76 
 PG Micro Lab Solution LLP Other related parties  45.60   29.60
      589.25 601.84  
=== PAGE 185 ===
179
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
        (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particular Relationship As at As at                  
      March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
   Processing Charges (Job work)- Income   
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  44.56   22.26 
   Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd Other related parties  -     6.75 
       44.56   29.01 
   Processing Charges (Job work) - expense
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  0.32   -   
   Fixed Assets Purchased   
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate - 77.60
   expenditure(Rent)   
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  42.00   36.00 
   Cost of Materials Consumed    
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  36.25   283.34 
   Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd Other related parties  1,482.50   1,735.51 
   Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd. Other related parties  821.79   1,143.07 
   Titan Media Limited Associate  0.53   -   
   Other Expenses   
   Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd. Other related parties  2.09   -   
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  69.45   41.80 
       2,454.93   3,317.32
 (b). details of significant transactions with Key Managerial Personnel & their relatives:  
        (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particular Relationship As at  As at                  
      March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
   Dividend Issued   
   Mrs Madhu Gupta Relative of KMP  1.33   1.20 
   Mrs Manju Singla (Director) KMP  1.42   1.28 
   Ms Supriya Singla (Director) KMP  1.09   0.98 
   Mr Raja Singla KMP  1.22   1.10 
   Mr Shivom Singla KMP  0.71   0.64 
   Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla KMP  0.69   0.62 
   Mr. Suresh Chand Singla KMP  2.11   1.90 
   Mr. Udit Singla KMP  1.00   0.90 
       9.57   8.62 
   Short-term employee benefits;   
   directors’ Remuneration 
   Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla (Managing Director) KMP  48.00   48.00 
   Mr. Suresh Chand Singla (Managing Director) KMP  48.00   48.00 
   Mr. Udit Singla (Whole Time Director)  KMP  120.00   60.00 
   From 01.10.2023
   Mr. Shivom Singla (Whole Time Director)   KMP  120.00   60.00 
   From 01.10.2023   
   Mr. Raja Singla (Whole Time Director) KMP  120.00   120.00 
       456.00   336.00 
=== PAGE 186 ===
180
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
        (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particular Relationship As at As at                  
      March 31, 2025  March 31,2024 
   Leave encashment   
   Mr. Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O) KMP  0.50   0.43 
   Mr.Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary) KMP  0.65   0.30
       1.15   0.73 
   Bonus   
   Mr. Udit Singla (Vice President-Media)  Relative of KMP  -     0.94
   till 30.09.2023   
   Mr. Shivom Singla (Vice President-Bulk)  Relative of KMP  -     0.94 
   till 30.09.2023 
   Mrs. Madhu Gupta (Vice President Admn.) Relative of KMP  -     0.48 
   Mr. Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O) KMP  0.72   0.72 
   Mr. Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary) KMP  1.03   0.94 
       1.75   4.02 
   Fees to Independent directors   
   Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh (Independent Director)   Independent Director  0.77   0.30 
   w.e.f. 01/10/2023
   Mr. Dhairya Madan (Independent Director)  Independent Director  0.82   0.30 
   w.e.f. 01/10/2023
   Mr. Abhishek Agarwal (Independent Director) Independent Director  0.84   0.35 
       2.43   0.95 
   Salary & Wages   
   Mr. Udit Singla (Vice President-Media)  Relative of KMP  -     22.50 
   till 30.09.2023
   Mr. Shivom Singla (Vice President-Bulk) Relative of KMP  -     22.50 
   Bulk) till 30.09.2023
   Mrs. Madhu Gupta (Vice President Admn.) Relative of KMP  28.80   28.80 
   Mr.Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary) KMP  22.04   20.95 
   Mr.Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O) KMP  17.38   17.38 
       68.22   112.13 
 (c). details of significant balances with Associates, KMPs, other related parties:-
         (Rs. in lakhs)
  Particular Relationship As at As at             
      March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
 Investments 
 Peptech Biosciences Limited Associate  1,230.01   678.75 
  Titan Media Limited Associate  406.89   203.45 
     1,636.90   882.20 
 Trade Receivables
  Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  187.76   42.48 
 Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd. Other related parties  2.43   59.88 
  Titan Media Limited Associate  2.65   -   
 PG Micro Lab Solution LLP Other related parties  12.30   20.98 
     205.14   123.34 
 Trade Payables
 Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate  11.30   6.23 
  Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd. Other related parties  44.96   -   
=== PAGE 187 ===
181
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
 Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd Other related parties  129.42   169.70
     185.68   175.93 
 Other Current Liabilities   
 Mr. Suresh Chand Singla (Managing Director) KMP  2.74   2.83 
 Mr. Udit Singla (Whole Time Director) From 01.10.2023 KMP  6.95   6.95 
 Mr. Udit Singla (Vice President-Media) till 30.09.2023 KMP  -     0.94 
 Mr. Shivom Singla (Vice President-Bulk) till 30.09.2023 KMP -     0.94 
 Mr.Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O) KMP  2.15   1.91 
 Mr.Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary) KMP  3.02   2.84 
     14.86   16.41 
 The Company has been advised that the computation of net profit for the purpose of Director’s Remuneration under section 197 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 need not be enumerated since no commission has been paid to the Directors. The Company has paid fixed 
monthly remuneration to the Director as per Companies (Appointment & Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.  
41. Financial instruments
 (I)  Financial instruments by category      (Rs. in lakhs)
      As at March 31, 2025  As at March 31, 2024  
  Particulars Carrying  Fair   Carrying  Fair 
    Value Value    Value Value 
  Financial Assets     
 Measured at amortised cost    
  Trade Receivable  1,881.63   1,881.63   1,865.79   1,865.79 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  512.79   512.79   284.01   284.01 
  Other Bank Balance  43.04   43.04   44.54   44.54 
  Other Financial Assets Non Current  393.21   393.21   164.87   164.87 
  Total Financial Assets  2,830.67   2,830.67   2,359.21   2,359.21 
  Financial liabilities    
  Measured at amortised cost
  Borrowings-Non Current  18.43  18.43   45.33  45.33
  Borrowings-Current  191.79   191.79   671.76   671.76 
  Trade Payables  521.65   521.65   336.82   336.82 
  Other financial Liabilities  624.07   624.07   610.27   610.27 
  Total Financial liabilities  1,355.94   1,355.94   1,664.18   1,664.18 
 Investment in Associate is measured at cost and hence are not required to be disclosed as per Ind AS 107 “Financial Instruments Dis-
closures”. Hence, the same have been excluded from the above table.  
       (Rs. in lakhs)
  Particular Relationship As at As at             
      March 31, 2025 March 31,2024
=== PAGE 188 ===
182
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
(II)    Fair value measurement   
 The following table shows the levels within the hierarchy of financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at 31 
March, 2025 and 31 March, 2024 :     
      ( Rs. in lakhs)
  Particulars Fair values  As at   As at
    hierarchy (Level) March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Financial Assets   
 Measured at amortised cost   
 Trade Receivable 3  1,881.63   1,865.79 
Financial Assets  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 3   512.79   284.01
  Other Bank Balance 3   43.04    44.54 
  Other Financial Assets Non Current 3  393.21    164.87 
  Total Financial Assets   2,830.67  2,359.21 
  Financial liabilities   
 Measured at amortised cost   
 Borrowings-Non Current 3  18.43    45.33 
  Borrowings-Current 3  191.79   671.76 
  Trade Payables 3  521.65    336.82 
  Other financial Liabilities 3   624.07    610.27 
  Total Financial liabilities   1,355.94   1,664.18  
  
 III)  Fair values hierarchy 
 Fair value of the financial instruments is classified in various fair value hierarchies based on the following three levels:“ 
Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical assets or liabilities.   
 Level 2: Inputs other than quoted price included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. 
as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
 The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using market approach and valua -
tion techniques which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If 
significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in Level 2. 
 Level 3: Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). 
 If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the fair value is determined using generally 
accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the most significant inputs being the discount rate that 
reflects the credit risk of counterparty    
 The fair value of trade receivables, trade payables and other current financial assets and liabilities is considered to be equal to the 
carrying amounts of these items due to their short-term nature. Where such items are non-current in nature, the same has been 
classified as Level 3 and fair value determined using discounted cash flow basis. Similarly, unquoted equity instruments where 
most recent information to measure fair value is insufficient, or if there is a wide range of possible fair value measurements, cost 
has been considered as the best estimate of fair value.     
 There has been no change in the valuation methodology for Level 3 inputs during the year. The Company has not classified any 
material financial instruments under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 
during the year.   
a)  Financial Risk Management Objectives And Policies   
 ”The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Com-
pany’s primary risk management focus is to minimize potential adverse effects of market risk on its financial performance. The 
Company’s risk management assessment and policies and processes are established to identify and analyze the risks faced by 
the Company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor such risks and compliance with the same. Risk assess-
ment and management policies and processes are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s 
activities. The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company’s risk assessment and 
management policies and processes.   
 The Company’s financial risk management policy is set by the management. Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, 
fair values or future cash flows that may result from a change in the price of a financial instrument. The value of a financial in-
strument may change as a result of changes in the interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity prices and other market 
changes that affect market risk sensitive instruments. The Company manages market risk which evaluates and exercises inde-
pendent control over the entire process of market risk management. The management recommend risk management objectives 
and policies, which are approved by Senior Management and the Audit Committee.
=== PAGE 189 ===
183
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
a)   Credit risk   
 Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its 
contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers. Credit risk arises from cash held 
with banks as well as credit exposure to clients, including outstanding accounts receivable. The maximum exposure to credit 
risk is equal to the carrying value of the financial assets. The objective of managing counterparty credit risk is to prevent losses 
in financial assets. The Company assesses the credit quality of the counterparties, taking into account their financial position, 
past experience and other factors. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful debts and impairment that represents its 
estimate of incurred losses in respect of trade and other receivables and investments.
 The Company’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. The demograph-
ics of the customer, including the default risk of the industry and country in which the customer operates, also has an influence 
on credit risk assessment. Credit risk is managed through continuously monitoring the creditworthiness of customers to which 
the Company grants credit terms in the normal course of business. An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on 
an individual basis for major customers. The history of  receivables shows a negligible provision for bad and doubtful debts. 
   
i)   Concentration of Trade Receivables
 The Company’s exposure to credit risk for Trade Receivables is presented as below. 
     ( Rs. in lakhs)
   P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
    March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
   Trade Receivables  (Bulk purchaser)  1,130.00   1,047.00  
   Trade Receivables  (Culture Media )  370.00   496.00
   Trade Receivables  (Export)  382.00   323.00
   Total  1,882.00   1,866.00  
 ii)  Credit risk exposure  
   Provision for expected credit losses
   As at 31 March, 2025    (Rs. in lakhs)        
   Particulars estimated gross   expected credit   carrying amount 
    Carrying amount  losses   net of impairment 
    at default  provision
   Trade Receivables  1,881.63   -     1,881.63  
   Cash and Cash Equivalents  512.79   -     512.79 
   Other Bank Balance 43.04 - 43.04
   Other Financial Assets Non Current  393.21   -     393.21 
   Total  2,830.67   -     2,830.67 
   As at 31 March, 2024     (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particulars estimated gross   expected credit   carrying amount 
    Carrying amount  losses   net of impairment 
    at default  provision
   Trade Receivables  1,865.79   -    1,865.79 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents  284.01   -     284.01
   Other Bank Balance 44.54 - 44.54
    Other Financial Assets Non Current  164.87   -     164.87 
   Total  2,359.21   -    2,359.21 
   Reconciliation of loss provision – expected credit losses      (Rs. in lakhs)
   Reconciliation of loss allowance   Trade Receivables
   Loss allowance on 31 March, 2024    -   
   Impairment loss recognised/reversed during the year    -   
   Loss allowance on 31 March, 2025   -
=== PAGE 190 ===
184
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
  b)  Liquidity risk
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The Company 
manages its liquidity risk by ensuring, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when 
due.   
  Maturities of financial liabilities
  The tables below analyze the company’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their contractual maturities:
      (Rs. in lakhs)
   
Contractual maturities of financial Total   On demand on due within Over 1 Year Over 3 years
   liabilities as at March 31, 2025  Carrying Value Payable 1 year within 3 years  within 5 years
   Trade Payables  521.65   -     521.65   -     -   
   Borrowings  210.22   -     191.79   18.43   -   
   Lease Liabilities  69.45   -     51.87   19.97   7.69 
   Other financial Liabilities  624.07   586.65   37.42   -     -   
   Total   1,425.39   586.65   802.73   38.40   7.69 
   Contractual maturities of financial Total   On demand on due within Over 1 Year Over 3 years
   liabilities as at March 31, 2024  Carrying Value Payable 1 year within 3 years within 5 years
   Trade Payables  336.82   -     336.82   -     -   
   Borrowings  717.09   -     671.76   45.33   -   
   Lease Liabilities  113.20   -     51.14   106.03   17.92 
   Other financial Liabilities  610.27   568.09   42.18   -     -   
   Total   1,777.38   568.09   1,101.90   151.36   17.92 
 c)  Market risk     
  Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, fair values or future cash flows that may result from adverse changes in market 
rates and prices (such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices) or in the price of market risk-sen-
sitive instruments as a result of such adverse changes in market rates and prices. Market risk is attributable to all market risk-sen-
sitive financial instruments and all short term and long-term debt. The Company is exposed to market risk primarily related to 
foreign exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and the market value of its investments. Thus, the Company’s exposure to market risk 
is a function of investing and borrowing activities.  
 i)  Foreign exchange risk
   Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in 
foreign exchange rates.     
   The Company has international transactions and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from foreign currency trans-
actions (imports and exports). Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and 
liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the Company’s functional currency. The Company does not hedge its foreign 
exchange receivables/payables.     
   The following table sets forth information relating to foreign currency exposure (other than risk arising from derivatives 
disclosed below):
   (a)  Foreign currency risk exposure:
         (Rs. in lakhs)
    Particulars  As at March 2025  As at March 2024
     FC  INR  FC  INR
    Financial Assets    
    Trade Receivables    
    USD  436,087.56   382.00   378,728.74   323.23 
    EURO  -     -     -     -   
    Total  436,087.56   382.00   378,728.74   323.23 
    Financial Liabilities 
    Trade Payables 
    USD  730.50   0.64   1,581.50   1.34 
    GBP  31.93   0.04   -     -   
    EURO  1,774.25   1.68   124.25   0.11 
    Total  2,536.68   2.36   1,705.75   1.45 
=== PAGE 191 ===
185
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
  (b)  Sensitivity
  The sensitivity of profit or loss to changes in the exchange rates arises mainly from foreign currency denominated financial 
instruments.
         (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particulars  As at March, 2025 As at March, 2024 
    Increase by 5%  decrease by 5%  Increase by 5%  decrease by 5%
   Financial Assets    
   Trade Receivables    
   USD  19.10   (19.10)  16.15   (16.15)
   EURO  -     -     -     -   
   Total  19.10   (19.10)  16.15   (16.15)
   Financial Liabilities    
   Trade Payables    
   USD  (0.03)  0.03   (0.07)  0.07 
   EURO  (0.08)  0.08   (0.01)  0.01 
   Total  (0.11)  0.11   (0.08)  0.08 
  (ii)  Interest rate risk  
   The Company’s fixed rate borrowings are carried at amortised cost. They are therefore not subject to interest rate risk as defined 
in Ind AS 107, since neither the carrying amount nor the future cash flows will fluctuate because of a change in market interest 
rates. 
  The Company’s variable rate borrowing is subject to interest rate. Below is the overall exposure of the borrowing:
       (Rs. in lakhs)
  P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
   March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
  Variable rate borrowing  154.37   629.58
  Fixed rate borrowing   7.76 10.20
  Total 162.13 639.78 
  Sensitivity
  Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/lower interest expense from borrowings as a result of changes in interest rates.
     (Rs. in lakhs) 
  P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
   March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
  Interest rates – decrease by 50 basis points  11.73  47.85 
  Interest rates – increase by 50 basis points (11.73)  (47.85)
 (IV)  Capital management
  
 The capital structure of the Company consists of equity, debt, cash and cash equivalents. The Company’s objective for capital 
management is to maintain the capital structure which will support the Company’s strategy to maximize shareholder’s value, safe-
guarding the business continuity and help in supporting the growth of the Company. 
42 The Board of Directors of the Company has recommended a dividend of Rs. 2.00 Per Equity share for the financial year ended on 
31st March, 2025. The dividend will be paid after approval of the same by shareholders in the Annual General meeting.
=== PAGE 192 ===
186
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
43. CORPORATe SOCIAL ReSPONSIBILITY (CSR) eXPeNdITURe
 Particular Year ended Year ended                      
   March 31, 2025  March 31,2024
 In accordance with the provisions of section 135 of the Act, the Board of Directors of the 
 Company had constituted CSR Committee. The details for CSR activities are as follows:  
 1.  Amount required to be spent by the company during the year  59.08   63.90 
 2.  Amount of expenditure incurred  - -
  (i)  Construction/acquisition of any asset  -     -   
  (ii)  On purposes other than (i) above  59.61   63.90 
 3.  Shortfall at the end of the year  Nil   Nil 
 4.  Total of previous year shortfall   Nil   Nil 
 5.  Reason for shortfall  Nil   Nil 
 6.  Nature of CSR activities  Promoting Education   Promoting 
     &  Animal wefare  Education  
 7.  Details of related party transactions in relation to CSR expenditure as per relevant  -     Nil 
  Accounting Standard
 8.  Where a provision is made with respect to a liability by entering in to a contractual 
  obligation, the movements in the provision during the year.  -     Nil 
43. Ratios
Particulars Numerator Denominator  Year ended      
March 31, 2025 
 Year ended      
March 31,2024 
Variance(in %)
(a) Current ratio (in times) Current Assets Current Liabilities 4.46 3.71 20.22%
(b) Debt-Equity ratio (in times) Total Debt Total Shareholder's Equity 0.02 0.06 -66.67%
(c ) Debt service coverage ratio (in times) Earnings Available for Debt Service Debt service = Interest & Lease 
Payments + Principal Repayments
17.97 13.78 30.41%
(d) Return on equity ratio (in %) Net Profits After Tax - Preference 
Dividend
Avg. Shareholder's Equity 11.91% 17.73% -5.82%
(e) Inventory turnover ratio (in times) Cost of Goods Sold or Sales Avg Inventory 1.85 2.29 -19.21%
(f) Trade receivables turnover ratio (in 
times)
Net credit sales = Gross credit sales - sales 
return
Average Trade Receivable 8.35 8.27 0.97%
(g) Trade payables turnover ratio (in times) Net credit purchases = Gross credit 
purchases - purchase return
Average Trade Payables 18.06 19.00 -4.95%
(h) Net capital turnover ratio (in times) Net sales = Total sales - sales return Working capital = Current assets – 
Current liabilities
1.02 1.23 -17.07%
(i) Net profit ratio (in %) Net Profit Net sales = Total sales - sales return 11.68% 14.42% -2.74%
(j) Return on capital employed (in %) Earning before interest and taxes Capital Employed 16.11% 23.07% -6.96%
(k) Return on investment (in %) Net Return of Investments Cost of Investment 7.04% 6.26% 0.78%
Reasons for Variance                 
(b) Debt equity ratio falling which evaluate a low risk to shareholders. Ratio decrease due to reduction in loan.  
(c) Debt service coverage ratio has increased due to decrease in repayment of debt.   
45 Additional Regulatory information:   
 i) The Company does not have any benami property, and no proceeding has been initiated against the Company for holding any 
benami property.
 ii) The Company does not have any transactions with struck off companies.   
 iii) The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with Registrar of Companies (ROC) be-
yond the statutory period.    
 iv) The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the financial year. 
 v) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:   
  a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Company (ultimate beneficiaries) or
  b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.  
 vi) The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the 
understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
  a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or party (ultimate beneficiaries) or 
=== PAGE 193 ===
187
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statements
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
  b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.  
 vii) The Company does not have any transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961  (such as, search or survey or any 
other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).  
 viii) The Company has not been declared as a wilful defaulter by any banks or any other financial institution at any time during the 
financial year or after the end of the reporting period but before the date when the financial statements are approved.
 ix) The title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than immovable properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease 
agreements are duly executed in favour of the Company) disclosed in the financial  statements included in property, plant and 
equipment and capital work-in progress are held in the name of the Company as at the balance sheet date.
 x) The Company does not have any loan or advance in the nature of loans granted to promoters, directors, KMPs and the related 
parties (as defined under Companies Act, 2013) either severally or jointly with  any other person, that are: 
  a)  repayable on demand; or 
  b)  without specifying any terms or period of repayment.  
 xi) Figures have been rounded off to the nearest Lakhs rupees.   \
 xii) a)  As per the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) notification, proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014, for the financial year commencing April 1, 2023, every company which uses accounting software for maintaining 
its books of account, shall use only such accounting software which has a feature of recording audit trail of each and every 
transaction, creating an edit log of each change made in the books of account along with the date when such changes were 
made and ensuring that the audit trail cannot be disabled. The interpretation and guidance on what level edit log and audit 
trail needs to be maintained evolved during the year and continues to evolve. 
  b)  The ERP used by the Company has not been enabled with the feature of audit trail log at the database layer to log direct 
transactional changes, due to present design of ERP. This is being taken up with the vendor. In the meanwhile, the Company 
continues to ensure that direct write access to the database is granted only via an approved change management process. 
    
 xiii) Security of current assets against borrowings         (Rs. in lakhs)
Quarter Name of bank Particulars 
of Securities 
Provided
Amount as per 
books of account
Amount as 
reported in the 
quarterly return/ 
statement
Amount of 
difference
Reason for material 
discrepancies
Jun-24 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Inventories 4,342.53 4,342.53          - -
Sep-24 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Inventories 4,680.88    -        4,680.88 CC Limit
 withdrawn
Dec-24 ICICI  Bank, New Delhi Inventories 4,526.58      4,526.58   - -
Mar-25 ICICI Bank, New Delhi Inventories 4,665.69    4,665.69            -   -
Jun-24 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables 2,322.79    1,779.54 543.25   Due to TDS/ TCS 
Entry & we pledge 
only 90 days Debtors 
& Creditors from our 
books 
Sep-24 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables 2,404.47  - 2,404.47 CC Limit 
withdrawn
Dec-24 ICICI Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables 2,090.40           1,996.19 94.21  Due to TDS/ TCS 
Entry & we pledge 
only 90 days Debtors 
& Creditors from our 
books 
Mar-25 ICICI Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables 1,881.63      1,790.11 91.52  Due to TDS/ TCS 
Entry & we pledge 
only 90 days Debtors 
& Creditors from our 
books
   
=== PAGE 194 ===
188
AnnuAl RepoRt  2024-25
Titan Biotech
46 Previous year’s figures have been reclassified / regrouped wherever necessary to conform to current year’s classification / 
disclosure.       
      
47 The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘Code’) relating to employee benefits during employment and post-employment benefits received 
Presidential assent in September 2020. The Code has been published in the Gazette of India. However, the date on which the Code 
will come into effect has not been notified and the final rules/interpretation have not yet been issued. The Company will assess the 
impact of the Code when it comes into effect and will record any related impact in the period the Code becomes effective. Based on 
a preliminary assessment, by the Company, the additional impact on Provident Fund contributions by the Company is not expected 
to be material, whereas, the likely additional impact on Gratuity liability / contributions by the Company could be material. The 
Company will complete their evaluation and will give appropriate impact in the financial statements in the period in which, the Code 
becomes effective and the related rules to determine the financial impact are published.
48 The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on May 30, 2025.  
  
 
  
        
   
 
 
   
 
  
     
    
   
 
     
    
   
     
    
  
     
   
 
 
 
 
    
     
      
 
  
     
          
         
  
 
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Suresh Chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director  Managing Director
 DIN-00027448 DIN-00027706    
CA Akhil Mittal   
Partner Charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Co-Secretary Chief Financial Officer   
 ACS-12726  PAN-AARPP5057F 
Place : Delhi  
Date : 30.05.2025
UDIN-25517856BMKXIV5777   
   
 
=== PAGE 195 ===
