
=== PAGE 1 ===
 
 
To,                            Date: 06/09/2024   BSE Limited,  Department of Corporate Services  Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  Dalal Street,  Mumbai 400 001.        Scrip Code: 524717, Scrip Symbol: TITANBIO, ISIN: INE150C01011  Sub: Submission of Notice of 32nd Annual General Meeting of the Company and Annual Report for the Financial Year 2023-2024  Dear Sir/Ma’am,  This is further to our letter dated September 3, 2024, intimating that the 32nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on Monday, September 30, 2024 at 3:00 P.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing (VC) / Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM) in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder read with General Circular No. 9/2023 dated September 25, 2023 issued by MCA, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD2/P/CIR/2023/167 dated October 7, 2023, and other applicable circulars issued in this regard by MCA and SEBI (collectively referred to as “Circulars”).  Pursuant to the Regulation 34 and other SEBI Listing Regulations, we are enclosing herewith the following: 1. Notice convening 32nd Annual General Meeting of the Company (“Notice”) 2. Annual Report of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2024 (“Annual Report”)  The aforesaid documents are being sent to the Shareholders electronically who have registered their email IDs. The same are also available on the Company's website at www.titanbiotechltd.com  .  This is for your information and records. This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website, at www.titanbiotechltd.com.   Thanking you, For M/s. Titan Biotech Ltd.                                                 Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary and Compliance Officer) Membership No.: A12726  

=== PAGE 2 ===

=== PAGE 3 ===

=== PAGE 4 ===

=== PAGE 5 ===
1
=== PAGE 6 ===
2
Titan Biotech
=== PAGE 7 ===
3
=== PAGE 8 ===
4
Titan Biotech
=== PAGE 9 ===
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
5
=== PAGE 10 ===
6
Titan Biotech
=== PAGE 11 ===
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
7
=== PAGE 12 ===
Titan Biotech
8
=== PAGE 13 ===

=== PAGE 14 ===
9
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
NOTICE
Notice is hereby given that 32nd Annual General Meeting of the members of Titan Biotech Limited will be held on Monday, 
30th September, 2024 at 03:00 P.M. through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio Visual Means (“OA VM”) to transact 
the following business:-
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. TO RECEIVE, CONSIDER AND ADOPT THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (STANDALONE AND 
CONSOLIDATED) FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON 31 ST MARCH, 2024 AND THE REPORT OF 
THE AUDITORS AND DIRECTORS THEREON.
  The Following Resolution is proposed as an Ordinary Resolution:-
  “RESOLVED THAT the Audited Financial Statements i.e. Standalone and Consolidated Balance Sheet of the Company 
as at 31st March, 2024 and Standalone and Consolidated Profit and Loss Account of the Company for the year ended as on 
the said date together with the Schedules, Notes on Accounts and Cash Flow Statement (‘Annual Financial Statement’) 
and the report of Auditors and Directors including annexures thereon be and are hereby considered, approved and 
adopted.”
2. TO DECLARE DIVIDEND ON EQUITY SHARES OF THE COMPANY.
  The Following Resolution is proposed as an Ordinary Resolution:-
 “RESOLVED THAT final dividend of Rs. 2.00 per equity share be and is hereby approved for distribution to members 
of the Company.”
3. TO APPOINT DIRECTOR IN PLACE OF MS. SUPRIYA SINGLA (DIN. 03526583), WHO RETIRES BY 
ROTATION AT THIS ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING, AND BEING ELIGIBLE, OFFERS HERSELF FOR 
REAPPOINTMENT
 The Following Resolution is proposed as an Ordinary Resolution:-
 “RESOLVED THAT Ms. Supriya Singla (DIN. 03526583), who retires by rotation be and is hereby reappointed as 
Director of the Company liable to retire by rotation.”
4. TO APPOINT A DIRECTOR IN PLACE OF MR. SHIVOM SINGLA (DIN. 03615519), WHO RETIRES BY 
ROTATION AT THIS ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING, AND BEING ELIGIBLE, OFFERS HIMSELF FOR 
REAPPOINTMENT. 
 The Following Resolution is proposed as an Ordinary Resolution:-
 “RESOLVED THAT Mr. Shivom Singla (DIN. 03615519), who retires by rotation be and is hereby reappointed as 
Director of the Company liable to retire by rotation.”
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
5. AUTHORIZATION FOR LOANS ETC
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as Special Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT in pursuance of Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act), read with the Companies 
(Meetings of the Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act and rules made 
there-under, as amended or re-stated from time to time, the consent of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the 
Board of Directors of the Company(hereinafter referred to as ‘the Board’, which term shall be deemed to include any 
committee thereof) to give loan(s) in one or more tranches including loan represented by way of book debt (the “Loan”) 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 15 ===
10
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
to, and/or giving of guarantee(s), and/or providing of security(ies) in connection with any Loan taken/to be taken by any 
entity whichis a Subsidiary or Associate or Joint Venture or group entity of the Company or any other person in which 
any of the Directors of the Companyis deemed to be interested as specified in the explanation to sub-section 2 of section 
185 of the Act (collectively referred to as the “Entities”), of an aggregate amount upto Rs. 30 Crores, in its absolute 
discretion deem beneficial and in the best interest of the Company."
6. RATIFICATION OF REMUNERATION PAYABLE TO COST AUDITORS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 
2024-2025
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an Ordinary 
Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 14 
of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
remuneration of Rs. 50,000./- (Rupees Fifty Thousand Only) excluding applicable Tax payable to M/s Sanjay Kumar 
Garg & Associates, Cost Accountants, FRN 100292, for conducting cost audit of the Company for the financial year 
2024-2025, as approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, be and is hereby ratified.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to do all acts and take all such steps as may be 
necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
7. APPROV AL FOR MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
 To consider, and if thought fit, pass with or without modification, the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 188 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the applicable rules issued thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment thereof ), Regulation 2(1) (ZC), Regulation 23 (4) and other applicable regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
read with Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI’”) Master Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 
dated July 11, 2023 and other relevant circulars (“SEBI Circulars”), the Company’s Related Party Transactions Policy 
and based on recommendation of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, the consent of the members of the 
Company be and is hereby accorded to enter into contract(s)/ arrangement(s) / transaction(s) at arm’s length basis and 
in the ordinary course of business,  for an amount not exceeding the aggregate Rs.129.55 Crores (Rupees One Hundred 
Twenty-Nine Crores Fifty-Five Lakhs Only) and shall be valid from this 32
nd AGM till the date of the next AGM for a 
period not exceeding fifteen months, and the Board of Directors is hereby authorized to decide the terms and conditions 
of the above contracts as may be considered appropriate in the interest of the Company;
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board (includes its committee or directors of the Company) be and is hereby 
authorized to finalize terms and conditions in connection with execution of relevant deeds and documents and to do all 
such acts, deeds, and things, as it may deem necessary to give effect to this resolution and to do all such acts, deeds and 
things as may be required to implement the foregoing resolution.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the authority granted by the members under this resolution, all and any 
actions of the Board shall be deemed to be approved, and confirmed by the members and no further approval shall be 
required from the members thereof."
8. MOR TGAGE OF PROPERTY OF COMPANY FOR BORROWING FUNDS AND PERMISSION UNDER 
SECTION 180 (1) (A) OF COMPANIES ACT, 2013
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as Special Resolution: 
=== PAGE 16 ===
11
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
 “RESOLVED THAT, pursuant to Section 180 (1) (a) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013, consent of the members of the company be and is hereby given to the board of directors of the company to 
create such charges, mortgages, Pledge and hypothecations in addition to the existing charges, mortgages, Pledge 
and hypothecations created by the Company, on all or any of the moveable and / or immovable properties, tangible 
or intangible assets of the Company, both present and future and / or the whole or any part of the undertaking(s) 
of the Company in certain events, as the case may be in favour of the Lender(s)/banks/financial institutions, other 
investing agencies and trustees for the holders of other instruments to secure rupee/foreign currency loans (hereinafter 
collectively referred to as “Loans”) provided that the total amount of Loans together with interest thereon, additional 
interest, compound interest, liquidated damages, commitment charges, on pre-payment or on redemption, costs, charges, 
expenses and all other monies payable by the Company in respect of the said Loans, shall not, at any time exceed Rs. 
75 crores (Rupees Seventy-Five Crores Only) or the aggregate of the paid up capital and free reserves of the Company, 
that is to say, reserves not set apart for any specific purpose at the relevant time, whichever is higher.  
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the securities to be created by the Company as aforesaid may rank prior / pari passu / 
subservient with / to the mortgages and /or charges already created or to be created in future by the Company or in such 
other manner and ranking as may be thought expedient by the Board and as may be agreed to between the concerned 
parties.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, the Directors of the Company, be and are hereby severally authorized to take all steps 
for giving effect to the aforesaid resolution, including filing of the necessary forms with the Registrar of Companies, 
Rajasthan and do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be required to be done to give effect to the above 
resolution and to settle any question or difficulty that may arise with regard to the aforesaid purpose and which it may 
deem fit in the interest of the Company.” 
9.  RATIFICATION OF REMUNERATION TO COST AUDITORS FOR FINANCIAL YEAR 2021-2022
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution  as an Ordinary 
Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 14 
of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
remuneration of Rs. 50,000./- (Rupees Fifty Thousand Only) excluding applicable Tax payable to M/s Sanjay Kumar 
Garg & Associates, Cost Accountants, FRN 100292, for conducting cost audit of the Company for the financial year 
2021-2022, as approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, be and is hereby ratified.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to do all acts and take all such steps as may be 
necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
     By Order of the Board
       For  Titan Biotech Limited
       SD/-
Date:03/09/2024    Charanjit Singh
Place: Delhi     Company Secretary
       ACS No. 12726
NOTES
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 17 ===
12
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
  1. In accordance with the provisions of the Act, read with the Rules made thereunder and General Circular No. 
09/2023 dated 25th September 2023, other Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) from 
time to time, Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated 11th July 2023 and Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/ CIR/2023/167 dated 7th October 2023 issued by SEBI (“the Circulars”), 
companies are allowed to hold AGM through video conference or other audio visual means (“VC/OA VM”) 
upto 30th September 2024, without the physical presence of members at a common venue. Accordingly, the 
AGM of the Company is being held through VC/OA VM, and video recording and transcript of the same shall 
be made available on the website of the Company. The deemed address of the Company for the purpose of 
AGM shall be its Registered Office at A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, phase-III, Bhiwadi. In compliance with 
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’), SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) and the relevant MCA Circulars, the 32
nd AGM of the Company is 
being conducted through VC/OA VM, and does not require physical presence of members at deemed venue.
  2. The Board of Directors have considered Special Business under item no. 5 to 9 being considered unavoidable 
to be transacted at the AGM. The relevant details, pursuant to Regulations 26(4) and 36(3) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of 
India, in respect of Director seeking re-appointment at this AGM is annexed.
  3. The Shareholder may please note that since this AGM is being held pursuant to the MCA Circulars through VC 
/ OA VM, physical attendance of Members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment 
of proxies by the Members will not be available for the AGM and hence the Proxy Form, Route Map and 
Attendance Slip are not annexed to this Notice.
  4. To support the ‘Green Initiative’, Members who have not yet registered their email addresses are requested to 
register the same with their DPs in case the shares are held by them in electronic form and with Beetal in case 
the shares are held by them in physical form.
  5. Members are requested to intimate changes, if any,pertaining to their name, postal address, email 
address,telephone/ mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number (PAN), mandates, nominations, power of 
attorney, bank details such as, name of the bank and branch details, bank account number,MICR code, IFSC 
code, etc., to their DPs in case the shares are held by them in electronic form and to Beetal Financial and 
Computer Services Pvt Ltd in case the shares are held by them in physical form.
  6. Non-Resident Indian Members are requested to inform RTA (Beetal), immediately of: 
   a)  Change in th eir residential status on return to India for permanent settlement.
   b)  Particulars of their bank account maintained in India with complete name, branch, account type, account 
number and address of the bank with pin code number, if not furnished earlier.
  7. The relevant records and documents connected with the businesses set out in the notice are available for 
inspection during the meeting on all working days up to the day of the Annual General Meeting except on 
Sundays and other holidays.
  8.  The Share Transfer Books and the Register of Members of the Company will remain closed from 24th September, 
2024 to 30th September, 2024 (both days inclusive).
  9. Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of Companies Act, 2013 is annexed hereto andforms part of this 
notice.
  10. CDSL e-Voting System – For e-voting and Joining Virtual meetings.
   a) As you are aware, in view of the situation arising due to COVID-19 global pandemic, the generalmeetings 
of the Companies shall be conducted as per the guidelines issued by the Ministry ofCorporate Affairs 
(MCA) vide Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, Circular No.17/2020dated April 13, 2020 and 
=== PAGE 18 ===
13
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Circular No. 20/2020 dated May 05, 2020, Circular No. 2/2021 dated January13, 2021, Circular No. 
19/2021 dated December 08, 2021, Circular No. 21/2021 dated December 14, 2021, Circular No. 02/2022 
dated May 05, 2022 and other circular if any.  The forthcoming AGM willthus be held through video 
conferencing (VC) or other audio visual means (OA VM).Hence, Members can attend and participate in 
the ensuing AGM through VC/OA VM.
   b) Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 ofthe Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation44 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended),and MCA Circulars dated April 
08, 2020, April 13, 2020, May 05, 2020, May 05, 2022, the Company isproviding facility of remote 
e-voting to its Members in respect of the business to be transactedat the AGM. For this purpose, the 
Company has entered into an agreement with CentralDepository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) for 
facilitating voting through electronic means,as the authorized e-V oting’s agency. The facility of casting 
votes by a member using remotee-voting as well as the e-voting system on the date of the AGM will be 
provided by CDSL. 
   c) The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OA VM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time 
of the commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentionedin the Notice. The facility 
of participation at the AGM through VC/OA VM will be made available to atleast 1000 members on 
first come first served basis. This will not include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% or more 
shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons 
of the Audit Committee,Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on account of first come 
first served basis.
   d) The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/OA VM will be counted for the purpose 
of ascertaining the quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.
   e) Pursuant to MCA Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, the facility to appoint proxy to attend and 
cast vote for the members is not available for this AGM. However, in pursuance of Section 112 and 
Section 113 of the Companies Act, 2013, representatives of the members such as the President of India or 
the Governor of a State or body corporate can attend the AGM through VC/OA VM and cast their votes 
through e-voting.
   f) In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020,and 
subsequent circulars the Notice calling the AGM has been uploaded on the website of the Company 
athttp://www.titanbiotechltd.com .The Notice can alsobe accessed from the websites of the Stock 
Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com. The AGM Notice is also disseminated on the website 
of CDSL (agency for providing the Remote e-V oting facility and e-voting system during the AGM) http://
www.evotingindia.com.
   g) The AGM has been convened through VC/OA VM in compliance with applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with MCA General Circular No. 20/2020 , dated  05.05.2020, General 
Circular No. 02/2021, dated 13.06.2021  and General Circular No. 19/2021, dated 08.12.2021,General 
Circular No. 21/2021, dated 14.12.2021 and Circular No. 02/2022 dated May 05, 2022 and other circular 
if any.
  11. THE INTRUCTIONS OF  SHAREHOLDERS FOR E-VOTING AND JOINING VIRTUAL MEETINGS 
ARE AS UNDER:
   Step 1: Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-V oting system in case of individual    shareholders   
holding shares in demat mode. 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 19 ===
14
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
   Step 2 : Access through CDSL e-V oting system in case of shareholders holding shares in physical mode 
and non-individual shareholders in demat mode.
  i. The voting period begins on 26th September, 2024 at 10.00 A.M and ends on 29th September,2023 at 5.00 P.M. 
During this period shareholders’ of the Company, holding shares either inphysical form or in dematerialized 
form, as on the cut-off date 23rd September, 2024, may casttheir vote electronically. The e-voting module shall 
be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter.
  ii. The Members who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may also attend/participate in the 
AGM through VC / OA VM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.
  iii. Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09.12.2020, under Regulation 
44 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, listed entities are required to provide remote e-voting facility to its shareholders, in respect of all 
shareholders’ resolutions. However, it has been observed that the participation by the public non-institutional 
shareholders/retail shareholders is at a negligible level.  Currently, there are multiple e-voting service providers 
(ESPs) providing e-voting facility to listed entities in India. This necessitates registration on various ESPs and 
maintenance of multiple user IDs and passwords by the shareholders. 
   In order to increase the efficiency of the voting process, pursuant to a public consultation, it has been decided to 
enable e-voting to all the demat account holders, by way of a single login credential, through their demat 
accounts/ websites of Depositories/ Depository Participants . Demat account holders would be able to cast 
their vote without having to register again with the ESPs, thereby, not only facilitating seamless authentication 
but also enhancing ease and convenience of participating in e-voting process.
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e-V oting system in case of individual    
shareholders holding shares in demat mode.
  iv. In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on e-V oting 
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed 
to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders 
are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-V oting 
facility.
   Pursuant to above said SEBI Circular, Login method for e-V oting and joining virtual meetings for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in Demat mode CDSL/NSDL is given below:
Type of 
shareholders
 Login Method
=== PAGE 20 ===
15
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities in 
Demat mode with 
CDSLDepository
1)  Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user id and password. Option  will be made available to reach e-V oting 
page without any further authentication. The URL for users to login to Easi / 
Easiest are https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login or visit  www.cdslindia.
com and click on Login icon and select New System Myeasi.
2)  After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-V oting option 
for eligible Companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information 
provided by Company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see 
e-V oting page of the e-V oting service provider for casting your vote during the 
remote e-V oting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-V oting 
Service Providers i.e. CDSL/NSDL/KARVY/LINKINTIME, so that the user can 
visit the e-V oting service providers’ website directly.
3)  If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration
4)  Alternatively, the user can directly access e-V oting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from a e-V oting link available on www.cdslindia.
com home page or click on https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin  
The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & 
Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user 
will be able to see the e-V oting option where the evoting is in progress and also 
able to directly access the system of all e-V oting Service Providers.
Individual  
Shareholders  
holding securities 
in demat mode with 
NSDLDepository
1)  If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services 
website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://
eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the 
home page of e-Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under 
“Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. You 
will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful authentication, 
you will be able to see e-V oting services. Click on “Access to e-V oting” under 
e-V oting services and you will be able to see e-V oting page. Click on Company 
name or e-V oting service provider name and you will be re-directed to e-V oting 
service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-V oting period 
or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
2)  If the user is not  registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available 
at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS “Portal or click   
at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
3)  Visit the e-V oting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following 
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. Once the home page of e-V oting system is launched, click on the icon 
“Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen 
will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat 
account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-V oting page. Click on Company 
name or e-V oting service provider name and you will be redirected to e-V oting 
service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-V oting period 
or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities 
in demat mode) 
login through 
their Depository 
Participants(DP)
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through 
your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-V oting facility.  
After Successful login, you will be able to see e-V oting option. Once you click 
on e-V oting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site 
after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-V oting feature. Click on 
Company name or e-V oting service provider name and you will be redirected 
to e-V oting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote 
e-V oting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 21 ===
16
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related 
to login through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in Demat 
mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk 
by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.comor contact at 
1800 21 09911.
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in Demat 
mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk 
by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 1800 
1020 990  
Step 2 : Access thr ough CDSL e-Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in 
physical mode and non-individual shareholders in demat mode.
  v. Login method for e-V oting and joining virtual meetings for Physical shareholders and shareholders other 
than individual holding in Demat form.
   The shareholders should log on to the e-voting we bsite www.evotingindia.com.
   Click on “Shareho lders” module.
   Now Enter your User ID
   a.  For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,
   b.  For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,
   c.  Members holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with the Company
  vi.  Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login
  vii. If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on an earlier 
voting of any Company, then your existing password is to be used.
  viii. If you are a first time user follow the steps given below:
For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding shares in Demat.
PAN •  Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department 
(Applicable for both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders)
• Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/ Depository 
Participant are requested to use the sequence number sent by Company/RTA 
or contact Company/RTA
Dividend Bank 
Details
OR Date of Birth 
(DOB)
•    Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as 
recorded in your demat account or in the Company records in order to login.
•	 If both the details are not recorded with the depository or Company please 
enter the member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field as 
mentioned in instruction (v).
  ix.  After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab.
  x. Members holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection screen, However, 
=== PAGE 22 ===
17
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
members holding shares in demat form will now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu wherein they are required to 
mandatorily enter their login password in the new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also 
used by the demat holders for voting for resolutions of any other Company on which they are eligible to vote, 
provided that Company opts for e-voting through CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to share your 
password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential.
  xi. For Members holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on the resolutions 
contained in this Notice.
  xii. Click on the EVSN for the relevant <TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED> on which you choose to vote.
  xiii. On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the option “YES/NO” 
for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies that you assent to the Resolution 
and option NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution.
  xiv. Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILELINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolution details.
  xv. After selecting the resolution you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A confirmation boxwill be 
displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK”, else to change your vote, click on “CANCEL” and 
accordingly modify your vote.
  xvi. Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote
  xvii. You can also take out print of the voting done by you by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the V oting 
page.
  xviii. If Demat account holder has forgotten the changed password then Enter the User ID and theimage verification 
code and click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the system.
  xix. Shareholders can also cast their vote using CDSL’s mobile app “ m-Voting”. The m-V oting app can be 
downloaded from respective Store. Please follow the instructions as prompted by the mobile app while Remote 
V oting on your mobile.
  12.  Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and become Member of the Company afterdispatch of the 
Notice and holding shares as on 23
nd September, 2024 may follow the same instructions as mentioned above for 
e-V oting.
  13. In case you have any queries or issues regarding e-voting, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions 
(“FAQs”) and e-voting manual available at www.evotingindia.com, under help section or write an email to 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com.
  14. The Board of Directors has appointed M/s PKG AND ASSOCIATES, Practicing Company Secretary, who 
shall scrutinize the electronic voting process in fair and transparent manner.
  15. The results of resolutions passed shall be declared immediately on furnishing of report by scrutinizers to the 
Chairman after the 32ndAnnual General Meeting. The results of resolutions shall be based on the report of M/s 
PKGAND ASSOCIATES, Proprietorship of Practicing Company Secretary, and voting at 32ndAnnual General 
Meeting.
  16. Members are requested to intimate to the Company queries, if any, regarding these accounts/ notice atleast 7 
(seven days) before the meeting to enable the management to keep the information ready at the meeting.
  17. Unpaid / Unclaimed Dividend is lying with the Company for the last few years. Shareholders who have not 
received or claimed dividend may submit their claim immediately to avoid the same being transferred to 
Investor Education and Protection Fund after period of 7 years or as prescribed under the Companies Act 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 23 ===
18
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
and Rules made thereunder. The Company had communicated to Shareholders for claiming of dividend for 
2015-2016 onwards and also updated list of shareholders on its website whose dividend and shares can be 
transferred to IEPF if dividend on such shares is not claimed for a period of 7 years.Members who have not so 
far encashed their dividend warrants for the years from 2016-17 to 2023-24 may approach RTA (Beetal), for 
payment thereof, to avoid transfer as per the dates mentioned below:
Sr. No. Dividend for Financial Year Due Date for Transfer to IEPF
1. 2016-2017 05-11-2024
2. 2017-2018 04-11-2025
3. 2018-2019 N.A.
4. 2019-2020 01-11-2027
5. 2020-2021 31-10-2028
6. 2021-2022 06-11-2029
7. 2022-2023 05-11-2030
8. 2023-2024 06-11-2031
Members whose shares have been transferred to IEPF may claim the shares by making an application in 
Form IEPF-5. Detailed procedure and the required documentation for claiming the shares/dividend refund 
can be accessed at www.iepf.gov.in.
  Please note  that:
• Login to e- voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key-in the correctpassword. In 
such an event, you will need to go through ‘Forgot Password’ option available on the site to reset the same.
• Your login id and password can be used by you exclusively for e-voting on the resolutions placedby the 
Companies in which you are the shareholder.
• It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep it 
confidential.
The results of the voting shall be placed on the website of the Company at www.titanbiotechltd.comand also at 
CDSL website atwww.cdslindia.com.
18. M/s PKG and Associates, Proprietorship of Practicing Company Secretary, has been appointed asScrutinizer to 
scrutinize the voting and remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.
19. The Chairman shall at the end of discussion on the resolutions on which voting is to be held, allowvoting with 
the assistance of scrutinizer.
20. The scrutiniser shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting at the general meeting, first count the votes 
cast at the meeting, thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting in the presence of at least two 
witnesses not in the employment of the company and make, not later than three days of conclusion of the 
meeting, a consolidated scrutiniser's report of the total votes cast ln favor or against, if any, to the Chairman or 
a person authorised by him in writing who shall countersign the same.
21.
 The Results declared alongwith the report of Scrutinizer shall be placed on the website of the Company                
www.titanbiotechltd.com. The results shall be forwarded immediately to the BSE Limited where shares of the 
Company are listed.
22. All documents referred to in the Notice will be available for inspection at the Company’s Registered Office on 
all working days, during business hours upon the date of the AGM.
=== PAGE 24 ===
19
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
23. A  person, whose name is recorded in the register of members or in the register of beneficial owners maintained 
by the depositories as on the cut off date i.e 23 rd September, 2024 is entitle to avail the facility of remote 
e-voting as well as e-voting at the AGM.
24. Record date for determining the names of members eligible for dividend on equity shares, if approved by the 
members at the AGM is 23rd September, 2024.
25. Since the AGM will be held through VC / OA VM, the Route Map is not annexed in this Notice.
26. INSTRUC TIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH VC / OA VM & 
E-VOTING DURING MEETING ARE AS UNDERs:
 A. The procedure for attending meeting & e-V oting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions 
mentioned above for e-voting.
 B. The link for VC/OA VM to attend meeting will be available where the EVSN of Company will be 
displayed after successful login as per the instructions mentioned above for e-voting.
 C. Shareholder will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through VC/OA VM through the CDSL 
e-V oting system. Shareholders may access the same at www.evotingindia.com under shareholders/
members login by using the remote e-voting credentials. The link for VC/OA VM will be available in 
shareholder/members login where the EVSN of Company will be displayed.
 D. Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops / IPads for better experience.
 E. Further shareholders will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any 
disturbance during the meeting.
 F. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting 
via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. 
It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid 
glitches.
 G. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask questions during the meeting mayregister 
themselves as a speaker by sending their request in advance atleast 7 days prior to meeting mentioning 
their name, demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at hrd@titanbiotechltd.com. 
The shareholders who do not wish to speak during the AGM but have queries may send their queries in 
advance 7 days prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number, email id, 
mobile number at hrd@titanbiotechltd.com.  These queries will be replied to by the Company suitably by 
email.
 H. Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their 
views/ask questions during the meeting.
 I. Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM through VC/OA VM facility and have not casted 
their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-V oting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall 
be eligible to vote through e-V oting system available during the AGM.
 J. If any V otes are cast by the shareholders through the e-voting available during the AGM and if the same 
shareholders have not participated in the meeting through VC/OA VM facility, then the votes cast by such 
shareholders shall be considered invalid as the facility of e-voting during the meeting is available only to 
the shareholders attending the meeting.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 25 ===
20
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
27. PROCESS FOR REGISTRA TION OF EMAIL ID FOR OBTAINING ANNUAL REPORT AND 
USERID/PASSWORD FOR E-VOTING AND UPDATION OF BANK ACCOUNT MANDATE FOR 
RECEIPT OF DIVIDEND DIRECTLY IN THEIR BANK ACCOUNT THROUGH ELECTRONIC 
CLEARING SYSTEM OR ANY OTHER MEANS:
Physical 
Holding
Send a request to the Registrar and Transfer Agents of the Company, BEETAL Financial 
& Computer Services Private Limited at beetalrta@gmail.com  providing Folio No., 
Name of shareholder, scanned copy ofthe share certificate (front and back), PAN (self 
attested scanned copyof PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) 
forregistering email address.
Following additional details need to be provided in case of updatingBankAccount Details:
a) Name and Branch of the Bank in which you wish to receive thedividend,
b) the Bank Account type,
c) Bank Account Number allotted by their banks after implementation
of Core Banking Solutions
d) 9 digit MICR Code Number, and
e) 11 digit IFSC Code
f)  a scanned copy of the cancelled cheque bearing the name of the firstshareholder.
Demat 
Holding
Please contact your Depository Participant (DP) and register your email address and bank 
account details in your demat account, as per the process advised by your DP.
  
  28. INSTRUCTIONS  FOR SHAREHOLDERS FOR E-VOTING DURING THE AGMARE AS UNDER
 1. The procedure for e-V oting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for 
Remote e-voting. 
 2. Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM through VC/OA VM facility and have notcasted 
their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-V oting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall 
be eligible to vote through e-V oting system available during the AGM.
 3. If any V otes are cast by the shareholders through the e-voting available during the AGM and ifthe same 
shareholders have not participated in the meeting through VC/OA VM facility , then the votes cast by such 
shareholders shall be considered invalid as the facility of e-voting during themeeting is available only to 
the shareholders attending the meeting.
 4. Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-V oting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, 
they will not be eligible to vote at the AGM.
29. PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED 
WITH THE COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES.
 For Physical shareholders- please provide necessary details  like Folio No., Name of shareholder,scanned copy 
of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested 
scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to hrd@titanbiotechltd.com / beetalrta@gmail.com .
 For Demat  shareholders -, Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository Participant 
(DP).
 For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository 
Participant (DP) which is mandatory while e-V oting & joining virtual meetings through Depository.
  30. NOTE FOR NON – INDIVIDUAL  SHAREHOLDERS AND CUSTODIANS
Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on 
=== PAGE 26 ===
21
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
towww.evotingindia.comand register themselves in the “Corporates” module.
A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be emailed to helpdesk.
evoting@cdslindia.com.
• After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login and 
password. The Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish to vote on.
• The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case of any 
wrong mapping.
• A scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) which they have issued in favour 
of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the 
same.
•  Alternatively Non Individual shareholders are required to send the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority 
letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are authorized 
to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email address viz gu.pankaj@gmail.com, if they 
have  voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to 
verify the same.
If you have any queries or issues regarding attending AGM & e-V oting from the CDSL e-V oting System, you 
can write an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com  or contact at 1800 22 55 33.
All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh 
Dalvi, Manager, (CDSL, ) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, 
Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to helpdesk.
evoting@cdslindia.com or call on 1800 22 55 33.
31. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) has mandated the submission of Permanent Account 
Number (PAN) by every participant in securities market. Members holding shares in electronic mode are, 
therefore, requested to submit their PAN to their depository participants with whom they are maintaining their 
demat accounts. Members holding shares in physical mode can submit their PAN to the Company / to our RTA.
32. Pursuant to Finance Act 2020, dividend income will be taxable in the hands of shareholders w.e.f. April 1, 2020 
and the Companies required to deduct tax at source from dividend paid to shareholders at the prescribed rates. 
For the prescribed rates for variouscategories, the shareholders are requested to refer to the Finance Act, 2020 
and amendments thereof. The shareholders arerequested to update their PAN with the Company/ BEETAL 
Financial & Computer Services Private Limited (in case of shares held in physical mode) anddepositories (in 
case of shares held in demat mode).
 For resident shareholders, tax es shall be deducted at source under Section 194 of the IT Act as follows:
Shareholders having valid PAN 7.5% or as notified by the Government of India
Shareholders not having PAN / valid PAN 20% or as notified by the Government of India
PAN is mandatory for members providing Form 15G / 15H or any other document as mentioned above. 
A Resident individualshareholder with PAN and who is not liable to pay income tax can submit a yearly 
declaration in Form No. 15G/15H, to avail thebenefit of non-deduction of tax at source by email to beetalrta@
gmail.com .
Non-resident shareholders can avail beneficial rates under tax treaty between India and their country of 
residence, subject to providing necessary documents i.e. No Permanent Establishment and Beneficial Ownership 
Declaration, Tax Residency Certificate,Form 10F, any other document which may be required to avail the tax 
treaty benefits by sending an email to beetalrta@gmail.com . The aforesaid declarations and documents need 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 27 ===
22
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
to be submitted by the shareholders.
Members who hold shares in physical mode in multiple folios in identical names or joint holding in the same 
order of names are requested to send the share certificates to our RT A, for consolidation into a single folio.
Non-Resident Indian Members are requested to inform our RTA / respective depository participants, immediately 
of any:
 a)  Change in their residential status on return to India  for permanent settlement.
 b)  Particulars of their bank account maintained in India with complete name, branch, account type, account 
number and address of the bank with pin code number, if not furnished earlier.
   Members are requested to note that the SEBI circular dated November 3, 2021 (subsequently amended by 
circulars dated December 14, 2021, March 16, 2023 and November 17, 2023) mandated that the members 
(holding securities in physical form), whose folio(s) were not updated with the KYC details (viz., PAN; Choice 
of Nomination; Contact Details; Mobile Number; Bank Account Details and signature, if any) shall be eligible 
for any dividend payments in respect of such folios, only through electronic mode with effect from April 1, 
2024. 
   T o avoid delay in receiving dividend, Members are requested to update their KYC with their depositories 
(where shares are held in demat mode) and with the Company’s Registrar & Share Transfer Agents (“RTA”) 
by submitting the relevant ISR forms duly filled in along with self-attested supporting proofs (where shares are 
held in physical mode) to receive dividend directly into their bank account. The forms can be downloaded from 
the website of the RTA and also of the Company.
 33.  UPDA TION OF PAN, KYC AND NOMINATION DETAILS
   SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated 16th March 2023 
(subsumed as part of the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated 7th May 
2024), in supersession of earlier Circular(s) issued on the subject, has prescribed common and simplified 
norms for processing investor service requests by RTAs and norms for furnishing PAN, KYC (contact details, 
bank details and specimen signature), and nomination details. As per the said Circular, it is mandatory for the 
shareholders holding securities in physical form to, inter alia, furnish PAN, KYC, and nomination details
   Physical folios wherein the said details are not available would be eligible for lodging grievance or any service 
request only after registering the required details. Any payments including dividend in respect of such folios 
shall only be made electronically with effect from 1st April 2024 upon registering the required details.
   If a shareholder holding shares in physical form desires to opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record 
a fresh nomination, he/she/they may submit the same in the prescribed form. Shareholders holding shares in 
demat form who have not furnished nomination nor have submitted declaration for opting out of nomination, 
are required to register or opt out from nomination, as the case may be, on or before 30th June 2024, failing 
which their demat account shall be frozen for debits.
   The Company has sent individual letters to all the shareholders holding shares of the Company in physical form 
for furnishing their PAN, KYC, and nomination details. The necessary forms in this regard have been made 
available on the website of the Company at https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/important-information/ and its 
RTA at http://www.beetalfinancial.in/BEETALFINANCIAL/downloadf.aspx . Accordingly, the members are 
advised to register their details with the RTA or DPs, in compliance with the aforesaid SEBI guidelines for 
smooth processing of their service requests and trading without any hindrance.
  34.  ISSUE OF  SECURITIES IN DEMATERIALISED FORM
=== PAGE 28 ===
23
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
   SEBI vide its notification dated 24th January 2022 has mandated that all requests for transfer of securities 
including transmission and transposition requests shall be processed only in dematerialised form. In view of the 
same and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and avail various benefits of dematerialisation, 
the members are advised to dematerialise their holdings. 
   Further , SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_ RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated 25th January 
2022 (subsumed as part of the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/ POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated 7th 
May 2024) has mandated listed companies to issue securities for the following investor service requests only in 
dematerialised form: (i) issue of duplicate securities certificate; (ii) claim from unclaimed suspense account; (iii) 
renewal/exchange of securities certificate; (iv) endorsement; (v) sub-division/splitting of securities certificate; 
(vi) consolidation of securities certificates/folios; (vii) transmission; and (viii) transposition.
  35.  PROCESS FOR A V AILING V ARIOUS INVESTOR SERVICE REQUESTS
   Members are requested to refer to the SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 
dated 16th March 2023 (subsumed as part of the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/
CIR/2024/37 dated 7th May 2024) for common and simplified norms for processing any service requests 
before making an application to the Company/RTA.
Date: 03/09/2024    By Order  of the Board
Place: Delhi                                                                                                     for  Titan Biotech Limited
       SD/-
 Charanjit Singh
       Company Secretary
ACS 12726
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 29 ===
24
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND / OR REGULATION 36(3) OF THE SEBI 
(LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
Item No. 5
Pursuant to Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), a Company may advance any loan including any loan 
represented by book debt, or give any guarantee or provide any security in connection with any loan taken by any entity (said 
entity(ies) covered under the category of ‘a person in whom any of the director of the Company is interested’ as specified in 
the explanation to Section 185(2)(b) of the Companies Act, 2013, after passing a Special Resolution in the general meeting. 
It is proposed to make loan(s) including loan represented by way of Book Debt to, and/or give guarantee(s) and/or provide 
security(ies) in connection with any loan taken/to be taken by the Subsidiary Companies or Associate or Joint Venture or 
group entity or any other person in whom any of the Director of the Company is deemed to be interested as specified in the 
explanation to Section 185(2)(b) of the Act (collectively referred to as the “Entities”), from time to time, for its principal 
business activities and other matters connected and incidental thereto, within the limits as mentioned in the Item no. 5  of 
the notice. The members may note that Board of Directors would carefully evaluate the proposals and provide such loan, 
guarantee or security through deployment of funds out of internal resources/accruals and/or any other appropriate sources, 
from time to time, and the proposed loan shall be at such rate of interest as agreed by the parties in the best interest of the 
Company and shall be used by the borrowing company for its principal business activities only.
Directors namely Mr. Suresh Chand Singla, Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla, Mrs. Manju Singla, Mr. Raja Singla and Relatives 
of Key Managerial Personnel namely Mr. Udit Singla, Ms. Supriya Singla and Mr. Shivom Singla and all above named 
Companies are interested in above Resolution and hence not entitled to participate in discussion or vote on the Resolution. 
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 5 of the Notice for approval by the Members.
No other Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company isconcerned or interested in the resolution.
Item No. 6
The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, has approved in its board meeting held in 2024, the appointment 
of M/s Sanjay Kumar Garg & Associates, Cost Accountants, FRN 100292, at a remuneration of Rs.50,000/- (Rupees Fifty 
Thousand Only) excluding applicable Tax to conduct the Cost Audit of the Company for the financial year 2024-25. In 
accordance with the provisions of Section 148 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 14 of Companies (Audit & 
Auditor Rules), 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor is required to be ratified by the members of the Company. 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the resolution. The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the 
Notice for approval by the Members.
Item No. 7
As per the provisions of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’), transactions entered with related parties which are 
on an arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of business, are exempted from the requirement of obtaining prior approval 
of members. Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 2(1)(ZC) ,Regulation 23 (4) and other applicable regulations of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), with effect from April 1, 2022, 
all ‘material’ Related Party Transactions shall require prior approval of the members through resolution and no related party 
shall vote to approve such resolution. For this purpose, a transaction with a related party shall be considered ‘material’, in 
accordance with the provision specified in the Related Party Transaction Policy of the Company, i.e., transaction(s) to be 
entered into individually or taken together with previous transactions during a financial year, exceed Rs.1,000 crores or 10% 
of the annual consolidated turnover of the Company as per the last audited financial statements of the Company, whichever 
is lower. SEBI vide its Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, stipulated that the 
members’ approval of omnibus related party transactions approved in an annual general meeting shall be valid till the date 
of the next annual general meeting for a period not exceeding fifteen months.Some of the Directors of the Company may be 
interested in this resolution as itinvolves approval for above transactions and /or other Related Party Transactions covered u/s 
188 of Companies Act, 2013 as per following details:
=== PAGE 30 ===
25
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Name of Related 
Party
Titan Media Limited Titan Securities 
Limited
Connoisseur 
Management Services 
Private Limited
Tee Eer Securities & 
Financial Services 
Private Limited
Name of Director 
or relative who is 
related
Suresh Chand Singla
Naresh Kumar Singla 
Prem Shankar Gupta
Suresh Chand Singla
Naresh Kumar Singla 
Manju Singla  
Suresh Chand Singla
Naresh Kumar Singla 
Suresh Chand Singla
Naresh Kumar Singla 
Nature of relation-
ship
Relative or Person 
is Director of above 
mentioned Company.
Relative or Person 
is Director of above 
mentioned Company.
Directors of above 
mentioned Company.
Directors of above 
mentioned Company.
Duration of contract 
or arrangement
Upto 1 Years Upto 1 Years Upto 1 Years Upto 1 Years
Nature of contract or 
arrangement
Purchase or Sale of 
Goods or any other 
transaction covered u/s 
188 of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
Availing or rendering 
of any services 
transaction covered u/s 
188 of Companies Act, 
2013.
Availing or rendering 
of any services 
transaction covered u/s 
188 of Companies Act, 
2013.
Availing or rendering 
of any services 
transaction covered u/s 
188 of Companies Act, 
2013.
Advance paid or 
receive NA NA NA NA
Max. Amount upto 
which transaction 
can be made in Rs.
10 Crore 5 Crore. 2 Crore 25 Lakh
Manner of 
determining the 
pricing and other 
commercial terms
As per established 
market norms
As per established 
market norms
As per established 
market norms 
As per established 
market norms
Name of Related 
Party
Titan Agritech 
Limited
Titan Animal 
Nutrition Private 
Limited
Emprise Productions 
Private Limited
Phoenix Biosciences 
Limited
Name of Director 
or relative who is 
related
Naresh Kumar Singla
Raja Singla
Udit Singla
Supriya Singla
Raja Singla
Shivom Singla
Udit Singla
Supriya Singla
Naresh Kumar Singla 
Raja Singla
Naresh Kumar Singla 
Raja Singla
Nature of relation-
ship
Relative or Person 
is Director/Partner/ 
Designated Partner/
KMP of above 
mentioned Company
Relative or Person 
is Director/Partner/ 
Designated Partner/
KMP of above 
mentioned Company
Relative is Director 
of above mentioned 
Company.
Relative is Director 
of above mentioned 
Company.
Duration of contract 
or arrangement
Upto 1 Years Upto 1 Years Upto 1 Years Upto 1 Years
Nature of contract or 
arrangement
Purchase or Sale of 
Goods or any other 
transaction covered u/s 
188 of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
Purchase or Sale of 
Goods or any other 
transaction covered u/s 
188 of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
Purchase or Sale of 
Goods or any other 
transaction covered u/s 
188 of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
Availing or rendering 
of any services 
transaction covered u/s 
188 of Companies Act, 
2013.
Advance paid or 
receive NA NA NA NA
Max. Amount upto 
which transaction 
can be made in Rs.
5 Crore 10 Crore 5Lakh 30 Crore
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 31 ===
26
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Manner of 
determining the 
pricing and other 
commercial terms
As per established 
market norms
As per established 
market norms
As per established 
market norms
As per established 
market norms
Name of Related 
Party
Peptech Biosciences 
Limited 
 
Tanita Leasing &
Finance Limited
Stalwart Nutritions 
Private Limited
PG Micro Lab 
Solution LLP 
MBON 
Nutrients LLP
Name of Director/
KMP or relative 
who is related
Suresh Chand Singla
Naresh Kumar Singla 
Manju Singla 
Udit Singla
Supriya Singla 
Suresh Chand Singla 
Naresh Kumar Singla 
Manju Singla  
Suresh Chand Singla
Naresh Kumar Singla 
Manju Singla  
Raja Singla 
Prem Shankar 
Gupta
Udit Singla
Supriya Singla
Nature of relation-
ship
Relative or Person 
is Director/Partner/ 
Designated Partner/
KMP of above 
mentioned Company.
Relative or Person 
is Director of above 
mentioned Company.
Relative or Person 
is Director of above 
mentioned Company.
Relative or 
Person is 
Designated  
Partner of 
the above 
mentioned LLP.
Relative or 
Person is 
Designated  
Partner of 
the above 
mentioned LLP.
Duration of 
contract or 
arrangement
Upto 1 Years Upto 1 Years Upto 1 Years Upto 1 Years Upto 1 Years
Nature of contract 
or arrangement
Purchase or Sale of 
Goods or any other 
transaction covered u/s 
188 of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
Availing or rendering 
of any services 
transaction covered 
u/s 188 of Companies 
Act, 2013.
Purchase or Sale of 
Goods or any other 
transaction covered 
u/s 188 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
Purchase or Sale 
of Goods or any 
other transaction 
covered u/s 
188 of the 
Companies Act, 
2013.
Purchase or 
Sale of Goods 
or any other 
transaction  
covered u/s 
188 of the 
Companies Act, 
2013.
Advance paid or 
receive NA NA NA NA NA
Max. Amount upto 
which transaction 
can be made in Rs.
30 Crore 5 Crore 25 Crore 5 Crore 2 Crore
Manner of 
determining the 
pricing and other 
commercial terms
As per established 
market norms
As per established 
market norms
As per established 
market norms
As per 
established 
market norms
As per 
established 
market norms
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla and Suresh Chand Singla, Managing Director, and Mr. Raja Singla, Mr. Udit Singla, Mr. Shivom 
Singla, Whole Time Director, Mrs.Manju Singla and Ms. Supriya Singla, Non-Executive and Non Independent Director 
are the Directors/relative of Director and their interest or concern or that of their relatives, is limited to the extent of their 
directorship or manager/ shareholding in the above mentioned Company.
Except as mentioned, none of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives, are concerned or interested in 
this Resolution.
The Members may note that as per the provisions of the Listing Regulations, all related parties (whether such related party is 
a party to the above-mentioned transaction or not), shall not vote to approve the resolution set out in Item No.7.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 7 of the Notice for approval by the Members.
=== PAGE 32 ===
27
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
ITEM NO. 8
The Company is borrowing funds from banks, other lenders for business needs. The borrowing of funds would require 
creation of mortgage or charge on the property of Company. The Company is required to create mortgage or charge on 
property of Company for the purpose of taking secured loan or credit facilities. Creation of mortgage or charge on property 
contains inherent right to sell the property in case of failure of borrower to repay money with interest. Therefore, permission 
of shareholders is required by means of a special resolution under section 180 (1) (a) of Companies Act for sale of property 
or disposal of property in case of failure of Company to repay the money with interest and hence approval of shareholders 
is being taken. None of the Directors, KMP’s and members (being relative as per Companies Act and rules there under) 
interested in this resolution are entitled to vote on this resolution.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 8 of the Notice for approval by the Members.
ITEM NO. 09
The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, has approved in its board meeting held in 2024, the appointment 
of M/s Sanjay Kumar Garg & Associates, Cost Accountants, FRN 100292, at a remuneration of Rs. 50,000/- (Rupees Fifty 
Thousand Only) excluding applicable Tax to conduct the Cost Audit of the Company for the financial year 2021-2022. In 
accordance with the provisions of Section 148 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 14 of Companies (Audit & 
Auditor Rules), 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor is required to be ratified by the members of the Company. 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the resolution. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 9 of the Notice for approval by the Members.
  
             
By Order of the Board
       For  Titan Biotech Limited
Date: 03/09/2024    Charanjit Singh
Place: Delhi           Company Secr etary
       ACS 12726
 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 33 ===
28
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTOR SEEKING APPOINTMENT / REAPPOINTMENT 
AT THE 32ND ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
(Pursuant to Regulation 36 (3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and Secretarial Standard 2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India)
Details of Directors seeking Appointment/Re-appointment at the 32nd Annual General Meeting
Name of Director Mr. Shivom Singla Ms. Supriya Singla
DIN 03615519 03526583
Designation/ category of the Director Executive Director (Whole Time Director) Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director
Age 31 32
Date of Appointment/ applicable, date of first 
appointment on the Board 01/10/2023 01/10/2012
Educational Qualifications Financial & Investment Analysis from Amity 
University Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM)
Brief Profile/ Experience and Expertise in 
specific Functional Area
Mr. Shivom Singla has been with the Company 
since October 1, 2019, initially serving as Vice 
President-Bulk. Subsequently, he was appointed 
as a Whole Time Director at the 31 st Annual 
General Meeting of the company held in the 
year 2023.
Ms. Supriya Singla has been a Non-Executive, 
Non-Independent Director of Titan Biotech 
Limited since 2012, possessing vast expertise in 
Marketing.
 
Terms and Conditions of appointment Appointed in the category of Executive Director 
(Whole Time Director) for a period of 5 (five) 
years.
Also liable to retire by rotation.
Appointed as director liable to retire by rotation
Remuneration Last Drawn Rs. 60 Lakhs Not drawing any salary
Shareholding in the Company including 
shareholding as a beneficial owner
35,400 held in his name 54,493 held in his name
Relationship with other directors and KMPs 
of the Company
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla, Managing Director, 
is the father, and Mr. Raja Singla, Whole Time 
Director, is the brother of appointee Director.
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla, Managing Director, 
is the father of Ms. Supriya Singla, while Mrs. 
Manju Singla, Director, is Ms. Supriya Singla's 
mother. Mr. Udit Singla, Whole Time Director is 
the brother of Ms. Supriya Singla.
No. of Meetings of Board attended during the 
Year
Mr. Shivom Singla attended 3 meetings during 
the Financial Year 2023-2024.
Ms. Supriya Singla attended 12 meetings during 
the Financial Year 2023-2024.
Name of Listed Companies in which hold 
Directorship (excluding this entity)
N.A
N.A
Name of listed entities from which the person 
has resigned in the past three years
N.A N.A
Chairman/Member of the Committees of 
Board of Directors of Indian Companies
Nil N.A
In the case of independent directors, 
the skills and capabilities required 
for the role and the manner in which 
the proposed person meets such 
requirements
N.A N.A
=== PAGE 34 ===

=== PAGE 35 ===
29
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
1. CORPORA TE GOVERNANCE
Titan Biotech Limited (‘TBL’s’ or ‘the company’) believes that timely disclosures, transparent accounting policies 
coupled with a strong and independent board go a long way in maintaining good corporate governance, preserving 
shareholders’ trust and maximizing long-term corporate value. The company’s corporate governance framework is 
based on the following main principles:
•  Appropriate composition, diversity and size of the board, with each director bringing in key expertise in different 
areas.
•  Proactive flow of accurate information to members of the board and board committees to enable effective 
discharge of fiduciary duties.
•  Ethical business conduct by the board, management and employees.
•  W ell-developed systems of internal controls, risk management and financial reporting.
•  Protection and facilitation of shareholders’  rights.
•  Adequate, timely and accurate disclosure of all material operational and financial information to stakeholders.
In India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) regulates corporate governance for listed companies 
through SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations). We are in 
full compliance with all the applicable provisions of SEBI’s corporate governance norms. 
Material Topic TBL Approach
Company's Philosophy On Code Of 
Governance
Corporate Governance is about maximizing shareholders value 
legally, ethically and sustainably with a goal to ensure fairness 
for every stakeholder. We are dedicated to ensure to adopt and 
attain the best practices in Corporate Governance.
The Company believes in ensuring corporate fairness, 
transparency, professionalism, accountability and propriety in 
the functioning of the Company, and believes that these
are pre-requisites for attaining sustainable growth in this 
competitive corporate world.
The Company is in compliance with the requirements 
stipulated under Regulation 17 to 27 read with Schedule V 
and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI 
Listing Regulations”), as applicable, with regard to corporate 
governance.
Avoidance of Conflict of Interest Chairman of the Board and Committee is non-executive and 
separate from Managing Director (MD). 
Shareholders’ Communications
The Board recognize the importance of two-way communication 
with shareholders, giving a balanced report of results and 
progress and responding to questions and issues raised. 
Shareholders seeking information related to their shareholding 
may contact the Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agents, 
details of which are available on the Company’s website. Titan 
Biotech Limited ensures that complaints of its shareholders are 
responded to promptly. Important shareholder information is 
available on the website of the Company.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 36 ===
30
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Governance / Ethics Policies
At Titan Biotech Limited, we strive to conduct our business 
and strengthen our relationships in a manner that is dignified, 
distinctive and responsible. We adhere to ethical standards to 
ensure integrity, transparency, independence and accountability 
in dealing with all the stakeholders. Therefore, we have adopted 
various codes and policies to carry out our duties in an ethical 
manner. Some of these codes and policies are:
• Corporate Social Responsibility Policy
• Materiality Policy
• Policy on Succession Planning for the Board and 
Senior Management
• Policy on Material Subsidiary
• Risk Management Policy
• Policy for Determination of Material Events and 
Information
• Policy on Preservation of Documents
• Code of Conduct For Prevention of Insider Trading
• Policy on Board Diversity
• Terms and Conditions of Appointment of Independent 
Directors
• Policy for Determining Material Subsidiaries
• Content Archiving Policy
• Code of Conduct for Board of Directors and Senior 
Management
• Nomination and Remuneration Policy
• Related Party Transaction Policy
• Policy for Prevention of Sexual Harassment
• Vigil Mechanism Policy
• Familiarization Programme for Independent Directors
Role of the Company Secretary in overall 
Governance Process
The Company Secretary plays a key role in ensuring that 
the Board (including its Committees thereof) procedures are 
followed and regularly reviewed. The Company Secretary 
ensures that all relevant information, details and documents 
are made available to the Directors and senior management 
for effective decision-making at the meetings. The Company 
Secretary is primarily responsible to assist and advice the Board 
in the conduct of affairs of the Company, to ensure compliance 
with applicable statutory requirements, to provide guidance 
to the Directors and to facilitate convening of meetings. The 
Company Secretary interfaces between the management and 
regulatory authorities for governance matters.
2. DA TE OF REPORT
The information provided in this Report on Corporate Governance for the purpose of unanimity is as on March 31, 
2024. This Report is updated as on the date of the Report wherever applicable.
3. BOARD OF  DIRECTORS:
I. As on March 31, 2024, the Company has 11 (Eleven) Directors. Out of the 11 (Eleven) Directors, Six (6) (i.e. 55 
percent) are Non-Executive Directors out of which Four (4) (i.e. 66.66 percent) are Independent Directors. The 
composition of the Board is in conformity with Regulation 17 of the SEBI Listing Regulations read with Section 
149 and 152 of the Act.
=== PAGE 37 ===
31
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
 II. None of the Directors on the Board:
  • holds directorships in more than ten public companies;
• serves as Director or as independent directors in more than seven listed entities; and who are the 
Executive Directors serves as independent directors in more than three listed entities.
 Necessary disclosures regarding Committee positions in other public companies as on March 31, 
2024 have been made by the Directors. None of the Independent Directors is related to each other.
III. Independent Directors are non-executive directors as defined under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and Section 149(6) of the Act along with rules framed thereunder. In terms of Regulation 25(8) 
of SEBI Listing Regulations, they have confirmed that they are not aware of any circumstance or situation 
which exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact their ability to discharge their 
duties. Based on the declarations received from the Independent Directors, the Board of Directors has 
confirmed that they meet the criteria of independence as mentioned under Section 149(6) of the Act and 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and that they are independent of the management. 
Further, the Independent Directors have included their names in the data bank of Independent Directors 
maintained with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs in terms of Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 
6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.
IV . 12 (“Twelve”) Board Meetings were held during the year under review and the gap between two meetings 
did not exceed one hundred and twenty days. The said meetings were held on:
 11th April, 2023, 29th May, 2023, 28th July, 2023, 10th August, 2023, 1st September, 2023, 4th September, 
2023, 13th September, 2023, 12 th October, 2023, 8 th November, 2023, 31 st January, 2024, 12 th February, 
2024 and 28th March, 2024. The necessary quorum was present for all the meetings.
V. The names and categories of the directors on the Board, their attendance at Board Meetings held during the 
year under review and at the last Annual General Meeting (“AGM”), name of other listed entities in which 
the Director is a director and the number of Directorships and Committee Chairmanships/Memberships 
held by them in other public limited companies as on March 31, 2024 are given herein below. Other 
directorships include directorships of private limited companies, OPC and companies registered under 
Section 8 of the Act. Further, none of them is a member of more than ten committees or chairman of 
more than five committees across all the public limited companies in which he/she is a director. For the 
purpose of determination of limit of the Board Committees, chairpersonship and membership of the Audit 
Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee has been considered as per Regulation 26(1)(b) of 
SEBI Listing Regulations.
 Number of Directorships and Committee Membership, Chairmanships held in Companies as on 31 st 
March, 2024 as mentioned in Table 1 and attendance of Directors are mentioned in Table 2:
   Table 1: The Composition of the Board and other directorships held as on March 31, 2024
Name of the
Director with DIN
Category Number of Outside Directorships, 
Committee Chairpersonships and 
Memberships of Public Limited 
Companies, as on March 31, 2024
Name of Listed
Entities 
Category of 
directorship
in other Listed
Companies
Direc -
torships
Committee 
Chairper -
sonships
Committee 
Member -
ships
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla
(DIN: 00027448)                                      
Promoter & Executive
(Managing Director)
5 0 2 Titan Securities 
Limited 
Non-Executive 
Director
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla
(DIN: 00027706)
Promoter & Executive
(Managing Director)
4 0 3 Titan Securities 
Limited 
Non-Executive 
Director
Mr. Raja Singla
(DIN: 03523719)
Promoter & Executive
(Whole Time Director)
1 0 0 Nil NA
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 38 ===
32
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Name of the
Director with DIN
Category Number of Outside Directorships, 
Committee Chairpersonships and 
Memberships of Public Limited 
Companies, as on March 31, 2024
Name of Listed
Entities 
Category of 
directorship
in other Listed
Companies
Direc -
torships
Committee 
Chairper -
sonships
Committee 
Member -
ships
Mrs. Manju Singla 
(DIN:  00027790) 
Promoter & Non 
Executive, 
Non-Independent  
Woman Director
4 0 1 Titan Securities 
Limited
Executive
(Managing
Director)
Ms. Supriya Singla
(DIN:03526583)
Promoter & Non 
Executive, Non-
Independent
2 0 0 Nil Na
Mr. Rohit Jain
(DIN:07191154)
Non-Executive  
Independent (Chairman)
                              
1 2 0 Nil Na
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal
(DIN: 07286832)
Non-Executive  
Independent
Nil 0 0 Nil Na
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh 
(DIN: 10297977)
Non-Executive  
Independent      
Nil 0 0 Nil Na
Mr. Dhairya Madan 
(DIN: 10284820)
Non-Executive  
Independent      
Nil 0 0 Nil Na
Mr. Udit Singla 
(DIN: 03526575)
Promoter & Executive
(Whole Time Director)
2 0 0 Nil Na
Mr. Shivom Singla (DIN: 
03615519)
Promoter & Executive
(Whole Time Director)
Nil 0 0 Nil Na
   Note:
  1. Only covers Membership / Chairpersonship of Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee of Public Limited Companies.
  2. The Committee membership or Chairmanship of our Company is not included in above table.
  3. None of the Directors (i) hold membership in more than ten public limited companies; (ii) is a 
member of more than ten committees or chairperson of more than five committees across all the 
public companies in which he/she is a Director;(iii) hold directorship in more than seven listed 
companies and serve as an independent director in more than seven listed companies; and (iv) 
hold position of independent director in more than three listed entities while serving as managing 
director or whole time director in a listed entity.
  4.  Mrs. Rekha Dalmia resigned from the Board and respective Committees on 25/07/2023.
  5. Mr. Shivom Singla (DIN: 03615519) and Mr. Udit Singla (DIN: 03526575) have joined the board 
as Whole Time Director on 01/10/2023.
  6. Mr. Dhairya Madan (DIN: 10284820) and Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh (DIN: 10297977) have joined 
the board as Non-Executive Independent Director on 01/10/2023.
Table 2: Attendance at the Board Meetings and Annual General Meeting during financial year 
2023-24
Name of Director  & DIN        
Attendance Particulars Attendance at 
the last AGM
Ceased as 
Directors
No. of Board
Meeting entitled 
to attend 
No. of Board
Meeting 
attended 
% of 
Attendance
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla
( D I N :  0 0 0 2 7 4 4 8 )                                         
12 11 91.67 Yes NA
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla
(DIN: 00027706)
12 12 100 Yes NA
Mrs. Manju Singla 
( D I N :   0 0 0 2 7 7 9 0 )                                         
12 12 100 Yes NA
=== PAGE 39 ===
33
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Name of Director  & DIN        
Attendance Particulars Attendance at 
the last AGM
Ceased as 
Directors
No. of Board
Meeting entitled 
to attend 
No. of Board
Meeting 
attended 
% of 
Attendance
Ms. Supriya Singla
(DIN: 03526583 )
12 12 100 Yes NA
Mrs. Rekha Dalmia #
(DIN: 08369528  )
2 2 100         NA 25/07/2023
Mr. Rohit Jain
(DIN:  07191154)
12 11 91.67        Yes NA
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal
(DIN: 07286832) #
12 12 100       Yes NA
Mr. Raja Singla
(DIN: 03523719) #
12 9 75       Yes NA
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh 
(DIN: 10297977)
5 5 100 NA NA
Mr. Dhairya Madan (DIN: 
10284820)
5 5 100 NA NA
Mr. Udit Singla (DIN: 
03526575)
5 5 100 NA NA
Mr. Shivom Singla (DIN: 
03615519)
5 3 60 NA NA
Note: 
#  Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh, Mr. Dhairya Madan, Mr. Udit Singla and Mr. Shivom Singla as joined the 
board on 1st October, 2023. Mrs. Rekha Dalmia resigned from the Board and respective Committees on 
25/07/2023.
VI. During FY 2024, information as mentioned in Part A of Schedule II of the SEBI Listing Regulations, has been 
placed before the Board for its consideration. 
VII. During FY 2024, one meeting of the Independent Directors was held on 21 st March, 2024. The Independent 
Directors, inter-alia, reviewed the performance of Non-Independent Directors, Board as a whole and Chairman 
of the Company, taking into account the views of Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors.
VIII. The Board periodically reviews the compliance reports of all laws applicable to the Company.
IX. Details of equity shares of the Company held by the Directors as on March 31, 2024 of different categories are 
given below in Table 3, 4, and 5:
  Table 3:  Details of equity shares of the Company held by the Non-Executive Directors as on March 31, 
2024
Non-Executive Director No. of Equity Shares held No. of Convertible Instruments Held
Ms. Supriya Singla 54,493 Nil
Mrs. Manju Singla 71,210 Nil
  Table 4:  Details of equity shares of the Company held by the Executive Directors as on March 31, 2024
Executive Director No. of Equity Shares held No. of Convertible Instruments Held
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla 34,510 Nil
Mr. Suresh Chand  Singla 1,05,671 Nil
Mr. Raja Singla 61,100 Nil
Mr. Shivom Singla 35,400 Nil
Mr. Udit Singla 50,000 Nil
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 40 ===
34
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Table 5:  Details of equity shares of the Company held by the Non-Executive Independent Directors as on 
March 31, 2024
Non-Executive Independent Director No. of Equity Shares held No. of Convertible Instruments Held
Mr. Rohit Jain Nil Nil
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal Nil Nil
Mr. Dhairya Madan Nil Nil
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh Nil Nil
 X. Disclosure of relationships between directors inter-se during the year 2023-2024:
  T able 6:  Details of Relationship among Directors Inter Se during the year 2023-24
Director Relatives Relationship
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla Mrs. Manju Singla Wife
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla
Mrs. Manju Singla Ms. Supriya Singla Daughter
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla Mr. Raja Singla Son
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla Mr. Shivom Singla Son
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla
Mrs. Manju Singla Mr. Udit Singla Son
XI. Mrs. Rekha Dalmia resigned from the Board on 25th July, 2023. She also gives confirmation that her resignation 
due to pre-occupation and other personal commitments and there is no such other material reason for her 
resignation. 
 XII. Chart Setting Out the Skill/Expertise/Competence of The Board of Director
In compliance with the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Board has identified the following skills / expertise / 
competencies fundamental for the effective functioning of the Company which are taken into consideration 
by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee while recommending appointment of any candidate to the 
Board of the Company. Company has identified the core skill/expertise/competence as required in context of its 
business for it to function effectively as per given list as mentioned in below Chart 1:
The eligibility of a person to be appointed as a Director of the Company is dependent on whether the person 
possesses the requisite skill sets identified by the Board as above and whether the person is a proven leader in 
running a business that is relevant to the Company’s business or is a proven academician in the field relevant to 
the Company’s business.
The Directors so appointed are drawn from diverse backgrounds and possess special skills with regard to the 
industries/fields from where they come.
Chart 1: The core skill/expertise/competence as required in context of its business of Titan Biotech Limited 
for its Director
 
 

=== PAGE 41 ===
35
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
 T able 7:  Based on the above-mentioned skill matrix, the skills which are currently available with the 
Board have been mapped below as on 31st March, 2024:
Core skill/ expertise/ 
competence
Naresh 
Kumar 
Singla
Manju 
Singla
Supriya 
Singla
Rohit 
Jain
Brijesh 
Kumar 
Singh
Shivom 
Singla
Udit 
Singla 
 Dhairya 
Madan
Suresh 
Chand 
Singla
Abhishek 
Agarwal
Raja 
Singla
Industry/ Domain Knowledge E E E A A E E A E A E
Financial Expertise & Risk 
Management
E E A E A E A E E E A
Corporate Governance
& Compliance
E E E E A A A A E E A
Strategy & Marketing / 
planning
E E E A A E E A E A E
General Management E E E E E E E E E A E
Legal Expertise A A A E E A A E A A A
Information Technology A A E E A A E A A E A
Quality Control/ Quality 
Assurance
E A A A A E E A E A E
         A- Adequate  E-Expert  
  Chart 2: The Board draws experts across the skill matrix via pie chart
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 42 ===
36
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
                             Expert          Adequate                                                                                                    
 XIII. Declaration of Independent Directors
The Independent Directors of your Company have given a declaration confirming that they meet the criteria 
of independence as prescribed both under the Act and the Listing Regulations. Also All Independent Directors 
have given declarations that they meet the criteria of independence as laid down under Section 149(6) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and Listing Regulations. In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors 
fulfill the conditions specified in these regulations and are independent of the management.
 XIV .  Familiarisation Programme Imparted to Independent Directors
The Company has familiarisation programme for Independent Directors with regard to their roles, rights, 
responsibilities etc. in the Company, nature of the industry in which the Company operates, the business model 
of the Company etc. The details are available on the website of the Company.
Web link: https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/policies/
4.  BOARD PROCEDURE
As per Corporate Policy all the statutory and material information are placed before the Board with a view to enable 
it to discharge efficiently its responsibilities in formulating the strategies and policies for the growth of the Company.  
The Agenda and other relevant papers were circulated ahead of the scheduled dates of the meetings.  The day-to-day 
affairs of the Company are managed by the Managing Director subject to the supervision and control of the Board 
of Directors. Opinions and advices of the Independent & Non-executive Directors are considered valuable guidance. 
Information supplied to the Board
The Board has access to all information with the Company. All Board Meetings are governed by structured agenda 
which is backed by comprehensive background information. The information with regard to mandatory items as per 
  
=== PAGE 43 ===
37
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
SEBI (LODR) Regulations is regularly supplied to the Board of Directors. The agenda papers are circulated well in 
advance to the Board of Directors to take a well informed decision. 
Post Meeting Follow Up System
The Company also had effective Post Board Meeting Follow up System. The Board Periodically reviews compliance 
of all laws pertaining to the Company.
Succession Plan
The Board of Directors have satisfied itself that plans are in place for orderly succession for appointment to the Board 
of Directors and Senior Management.
Web link: https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/policies/
5. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board has constituted various committees to focus on specific areas and to make informed decisions within their 
authority. Each committee is directed by its charter which outlines their scope, roles, responsibilities and powers. All 
the decisions and recommendations of the committee are placed before the Board for its approval. Senior officers/ 
function heads are invited to present various details called for by the committee at its meeting.
 Committees of the Board ar e as under:
 A.  Audit Committee
 B. Nomination and Remuneration Committee
 C. Stakeholders Relationship Committee
 D.  Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
 A.  Audit Committee
The Company has an Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.  The Committee met Six times during the year 
2023-2024, on 01-04-2023, 29-05-2023, 10-08-2023, 01-09-2023, 08-1 1-2023, and 12-02-2024.
Table 8:  The members attendance in the Audit Committee during the year 2023-2024
Name           Category No. of Meeting(s) 
Attended
Mrs. Manju Singla Non-Executive 6
Mrs. Rekha Dalmia * Non-Executive Independent 2
Mr. Rohit Jain Non-Executive Chairman 6
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal # Non-Executive Independent 6
Note:
1. The Company Secretary is the Secretary to the Committee.
2. *Mrs. Rekha Dalmia resigned from the Committee on 25/07/2023.
3. #Mr. Abhishek Agarwal have joined the Committee as member on 28/07/2023.
  Terms of Reference of Audit Committee:
 1. Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process and disclosure of its financial information to 
ensure that the financial statement is correct, sufficient, and credible. 
 2. Recommending to the Board the appointment, re-appointment, terms of appointment/ reappointment and, 
if required, the replacement or removal of the Statutory Auditor and the fixation of audit fees/remuneration.
 3. Approval of payment to Statutory Auditors for any other services rendered by the Statutory Auditors.
 4. Reviewing, with the Management, the Annual Financial Statements before submission to the Board for 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 44 ===
38
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
approval, with particular reference to:
  • Matters required to be included in the Director’s Responsibility Statement to be included in the 
Board’s report in terms of Sub- Section (5) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013. Changes, if 
any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same. 
  • Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgement by the Management.
  • Significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings.
  • Compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements.
  • Disclosure of any related party transactions.
  • Qualifications in the draft audit report.
 5. Review/examine, with the Management, the quarterly/year to date financial statements and auditor’s 
report thereon, before submission to the Board for approval.
 6. Reviewing with the Management, the financial statements of subsidiaries and in particular the investments 
made by each of them.
 7. Reviewing/Monitoring, with the Management, the statement of uses/application/end use of funds raised 
through an issue (public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.) and related matters, the statement of 
funds utilized for  purposes other than those stated in the offer document/prospectus/ notice and the report 
submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring the utilization of the proceeds of a public or rights issue, 
and making appropriate recommendations to the Board to take up steps in this matter.
 8. Reviewing/evaluating, with the Management, performance of Statutory and Internal Auditors, internal 
financial controls, risk Management system and adequacy of the internal control systems.
 9. Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including the structure of the internal audit 
department, staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage and 
frequency of internal audit.
 10.  Discussion with Internal Auditors any significant findings and follow-ups there on. 
 11. Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is 
suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting 
the matter to the Board.
 12. Discussion with Statutory Auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as 
well as post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern.
 13. To look into the reasons for substantial defaults in payment to the depositors, debenture holders, 
shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors.
 14.  To review the functioning of the Whistle- Blower mechanism.
 15. Approval of appointment of CFO (i.e. the Whole- Time Finance Director or any other person heading 
the finance function or discharging that function) after assessing the qualifications, experience and 
background, etc. of the candidate.
 16. Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the Audit Committee.
 17. Review and monitor the Auditor’s independence, performance and effectiveness of Audit process.
 18. Approval or any subsequent Modification of transactions of the Company with related parties.
 19. Scrutiny of inter- corporate loans and investments.
 20.  Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary.
Further, the Audit committee is empowered to investigate any activity within its terms of reference, seek 
information it requires from any employee, obtain outside legal or other independent professional advice and 
secure attendance of outsiders with relevant expertise, if considered necessary. Apart from the above, the Audit 
Committee also exercises the role and powers entrusted upon it by the Board of Directors from time to time. 
Titan Biotech Limited has systems and procedures in place to ensure that the Audit committee mandatorily 
reviews:
=== PAGE 45 ===
39
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
 •  Management Discussion and Analysis of financial conditions and results of operations.
 •  Statement of significant Related Party Transactions (as defined by the Audit Committee), submitted by 
Management. 
 •  Management letters / letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the Statutory Auditors.
 •  Internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses.
 •  Appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Internal Auditor.
 •  Statement of deviations:
The Committee comprises of two Independent Directors. The Management is responsible for the Company’s 
internal financial controls and financial reporting process. The Independent Auditors are responsible for 
performing an independent audit of the Company’s financial statements in accordance with the Indian 
Accounting Standards (IND AS) and for issuing a report thereon. 
The Committee is responsible for overseeing the processes related to financial reporting and Information 
dissemination. 
In this regard, the Committee discussed with the Statutory Auditors the overall scope for their audit. The 
Management presented to the Committee the Company’s financial statements and also represented that the 
Company’s financial statements had been drawn in accordance with the IND AS. Based on its review and 
discussions conducted with the Management and the Independent Auditors, the Audit Committee believes that 
the Company’s financial statements are presented in conformity with IND AS in all material aspects.
The Committee has reviewed Statement of Contingent Liabilities, Management Discussion and Analysis, 
Financial Statements of subsidiary Companies, Investments made by Subsidiary Companies, Directors’ 
Responsibility Statement, Financial Results and Draft Audit/ Limited Review Report thereon, Financial 
Statements and Draft Auditors’ Report, approval (including modification, if any) and review of Related Party 
Transactions and scrutinized inter corporate loans and investments of the Company. 
The Committee also approved the Capex proposals during the Financial Year 2023-2024. No complaints received 
under Whistle-Blower Policy/ Vigil Mechanism. The Committee affirms that in compliance with the Whistle-
Blower Policy/ Vigil Mechanism no personnel had been denied access to the Audit Committee.
The Committee has appointed M/s PGM & Associates as Internal Auditors of the Company for the period from 
2023-2024 to 2024-2025 and discussed and approved their audit plan and approved their scope of work.
Remuneration of Statutory Auditors for FY 2023-2024 was also approved.
In conclusion, the Committee is sufficiently satisfied that it has complied with the responsibilities as outlined in 
the Audit Committee’s responsibility statement.
 B.  Nomination & Remuneration Committee
The Nomination & Remuneration Committee met 4 (Four) times in the year 2023-2024 on 01-04-2023, 01-
09-2023, 10-01-2024 and 21-03-2024 during the last year. The attendance of members of Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee was as under: -
Table 9:  The member’s attendance in the Nomination & Remuneration Committee during the year 2023-24
Name    Category No. of Meeting(s) Attended
Mrs. Manju Singla Non-executive, Woman Director 4
Mrs. Rekha Dalmia * Non-executive, Independent 1
Mr. Rohit Jain Non-executive, Independent 4
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal # Non-executive, Independent 3
  Note:
  1. The Company Secretary is the Secretary to the Committee.
  2. * Mrs. Rekha Dalmia has resigned from the Committee on 25/07/2023.
  3. # Mr. Abhishek Agarwal have joined the Committee as member on 28/07/2023.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 46 ===
40
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
  Terms of Reference of Nomination and Remuneration Committee: 
 1. Formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director.
 2. Identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in Senior 
Management in accordance with the criteria laid down, recommend to the Board their appointment and 
removal.
 3. Formulate the criteria for evaluation of Director’s and Board’s performance and to carry out the evaluation 
of every Director’s performance.
 4.  Devising a policy on Board diversity.
 5. To engage the services of consultants and seek their help in the process of identifying suitable person for 
appointments to the Board.
 6. To decide the remuneration of consultants engaged by the Committee.
 7. Framing, recommending to the Board and implementing, on behalf of the Board and on behalf of the 
Shareholders, policy on remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) & other Employees, 
including ESOP, pension rights and any other compensation payment.
 8. To ensure that the level and composition of remuneration is reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and 
motivate Directors and KMP of the quality required to run the Company successfully.
 9. To ensure that relationship of remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate performance 
benchmarks.
 10.  To ensure that remuneration to Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management involves a 
balance between fixed and incentive pay reflecting short and long-term performance objectives appropriate 
to the working of the Company and its goals.
 11. Considering, approving and recommending to the Board changes in designation and increase in salary of 
the Directors, KMP and other employees.
 12. Framing the Employees Share Purchase Scheme / Employees Stock Option Scheme and recommending 
the same to the Board/ shareholders for their approval and implementing/administering the scheme 
approved by the shareholders.
 13. Suggesting to Board/ shareholder’s changes in the ESPS/ ESOS.
 14.  Deciding the terms and conditions of ESPS.
The Company has constituted the Nomination and Remuneration Committee in line with the requirements of 
Section 178 of the Act and SEBI Regulations. The Broad terms of reference are as follows:
 I.  Formulating the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director 
and recommend to the Board of Directors a policy relating to the remuneration of the Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel and other employees.
 II.  Formulating criteria for evaluation of performance of independent Directors and the Board of Directors.
 III.  Devising a policy on diversity of Board of Directors
 IV .  Identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in senior management 
in accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board of Directors their appointment and 
removal.
 V. Assessing whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent Director on the basis 
of the report of performance of Independent Directors.
=== PAGE 47 ===
41
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Board Diversity 
The Company has adopted the Policy on Board Diversity as required under Regulation 19 read with Part 
D of Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015. 
Remuneration Policy
The Company has adopted the Remuneration Policy as required under the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and Regulation 19 read with Part D of Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015. 
Succession Planning 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee works with the Board for succession planning for its 
Directors, KMPs and Senior Management/Senior Managerial Personnel.
Terms and Conditions of Appointment of Independent Directors
The Independent Directors is chosen keeping in view strategy, business leadership, knowledge of law, 
finance, sales or marketing, experience in biotech industry etc.
The independent Directors have confirmed that they meet the criteria of independence as laid down under 
the Act and applicable Rules and Regulations.
The independent Directors were appointed for a period of 5 years in the AGM held in 2021, 2022 and 
2023.
The independent Directors attended the familarisation programme and all Directors spent 2 hours each at 
the programme. The relevant details are available at the website of the Company www.titanbiotechltd.com
  • Remuneration to Executive Directors
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee recommends to the Board, the remuneration payable 
to the Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and the Key Managerial Personnel. The elements of 
remuneration package include salary, benefits, retirals, etc. and is decided based on the performance, 
Company policy and benchmarks.
Annual increments are recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee to the Board 
for approval within the salary range approved by the Shareholders and in line with the Nomination and 
Remuneration Policy. The remuneration paid to Managing Directors/Whole Time Director is fixed and no 
variable component is payable. 
Table 10:  The details of remuneration paid to the Managing Director, Whole Time Director, 
Independent Director and other directors during the Financial Year 2023-24 are given below:
Name Salary Sitting 
Fee
Bonus Stock 
option
Performance 
linked  
Incentives
Pension Perquisites 
and 
retirement 
Benefits As 
Per Income 
Tax Rules
Total
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla 48,00,000 NA Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 48,00,000
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla 48,00,000 NA Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 48,00,000
Mr. Raja Singla 1,20,00,000 NA Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 1,20,00,000
Mr. Udit Singla 60,00,000 NA Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 60,00,000
Mr. Shivom Singla 60,00,000 NA Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 60,00,000
Mr. Rohit Jain Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal Nil 34,500 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 34,500
Mrs. Manju Singla Nil NA Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil
Ms. Supriya Singla Nil NA Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil
Mr. Dhairya Madan Nil 30,000 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 30,000
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh Nil 30,000 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 30,000
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 48 ===
42
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
As per the terms of the appointment of Managing Director(s), the appointment may be terminated by 
either party by giving three (3) months’ notice. The severance fees for Managing Directors/ Whole Time 
Director Employment is three (3) months’ notice or salary in lieu thereof and no other compensation or 
amount is payable for severance.
Non-Executive, Non independent Directors are not paid any Sitting Fees or commission or any 
remuneration. The provision regarding criteria of payment of remuneration, break up of remuneration, 
fixed or variable component of remuneration to Non-Executive Directors is not applicable since no 
remuneration is paid. 
As per balance sheet the remuneration paid to Mr. Charanjit Singh, Company Secretary during the year 
was Rs. 20,95,324/- (Twenty Lacs Ninety-Five Thousand Three Hundred Twenty-Four Only) and Mr. 
Prem Shankar Gupta, Chief Financial Officer was Rs. 17,38,056/- (Seventeen Lacs Thirty-Eight Thousand 
Fifty-Six Rupees Only).
C. Stakeholders Relationship Committee.
 The Board had delegated the power to attend investor complaints to Stakeholders Relationship Committee.  The 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee met 30 (Thirty) times during the year 2023-2024, on 14th April, 2023, 19th 
April, 2023, 29th April, 2023, 17th May, 2023, 30th May, 2023, 10th June, 2023, 22nd June, 2023, 26th June, 2023, 
29th June, 2023, 21 st July, 2023, 04 th  August, 2023, 28 th August, 2023, 20 th September, 2023, 30 th September, 
2023, 10 th October, 2023, 23th October, 2023, 02 nd November, 2023, 23 rd November, 2023, 20 th December, 
2023, 29th  December, 2023, 10th January, 2024, 17th January, 2024, 23rd January, 2024, 31st January, 2024, 12th 
February, 2024, 23rd February, 2024, 01st March, 2024, 05th March, 2024, 13th March, 2024 and 20th March, 2024.
  Table 11:  The attendance of the Members of Stakeholders Relationship Committee during the F.Y 2023-24: 
Name Categories No. of Meeting(s) Attended
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla Managing Director 21
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla Managing Director 27
Mr. Rohit Jain Non-Executive Chairman 28
  Note:
The Company Secretary is the Secretary to the Committee.
Mr. Dhairya Madan have joined the Committee as member on 13th July, 2024.
Details of Compliance Officer and Investor Complaints are provided at below.
Name, Designation And Address Of Compliance Officer And Nodal Officer (IEPF)
Charanjit Singh
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Titan Biotech Limited
303-305, Lusa Tower, Azadpur Commercial Complex, Delhi-110033
Mail id: hrd@titanbiotechltd.com or cs@titanbiotechltd.com
  Ph. No: 01 1-27674181, 49096502
  T able 12:  Nature of complaints received and resolved during the financial year ended March 31, 2024
Pending as on April 1, 2023 Received during
FY 2023-2024
Disposed of
during FY 2023-24
Pending as
on 31st March, 2024
1 5 6 0
  There are only one complaints of investors which have not been solved during 2023-2024.
 D.  Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
The Corporate Social Responsibility and other related matters as may be referred by the Board of Directors and 
discharges the roles as prescribed under Section 135 of the Act which includes formulating and recommending 
to the Board, a Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy indicating the activities to be undertaken by 
=== PAGE 49 ===
43
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
the Company, as per Schedule VII to the Act, recommending the amount of expenditure to be incurred, and 
monitoring the CSR Policy of the Company. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the Committee
The Committee met twice during the year on 30-05-2023 and 20-12-2023. All the members attended the above 
meetings. 
  T able 13:  The attendance of the Members of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee was as under:
NAME  CATEGORY NO. OF MEETING(S) ATTENDED
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla Executive Director 2
Mrs. Rekha Dalmia$ Non-executive, Independent 1
Mr. Rohit Jain Non-executive, Independent Chairman 2
Mr. Abhishek Agarwal* Non-executive, Independent 1
  $ Mrs. Rekha Dalmia has resigned from the Committee on 25/07/2023.
  *Mr. Abhishek Agarwal have joined the Committee as member on 28/07/2023.
 E.  Separate meeting of Independent Dir ectors
As stipulated by Code of Independent Directors under the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations, 
a separate meeting of the Independent Directors was held on  21
st March, 2024 to review the performance 
of Non-Independent Directors and the Board as whole. The Independent Directors also reviewed the quality, 
content and timeliness of the flow of information between the Management and the Board and its Committees 
which is necessary to effectively and reasonably perform and discharge their duties. The Independent Directors 
found the performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board as well as flow of information between the 
Management and the Board to be satisfactory. All independent directors were present in the meeting.
6. DISCLOSURE OF SENIOR MANAGERIAL PERSONAL
 T able 14: Details of Senior Managerial Personal
Name of Senior Managerial Personal/Senior Management Designation
Mr. Charanjit Singh Company Secretary, Compliance and 
Legal Officer, HOD of HR
Mr. Prem Shankar Gupta Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Bichitra Barik                DGM Export
 Change During the F.Y 2023-2024  
1. # During the year Mr. Shivom Singla has resigned from the role Vice President (Bulk Division) and joined the 
board of directors as Whole Time Director from 1st October, 2023.
2. # During the year Mr. Udit Singla has resigned from the role Vice President (Media Division) and joined the 
board of directors as Whole Time Director from 1st October, 2023.
7. GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
 T able 15: Details of last three general body meetings held are given below:         
Financial Year Category Location of the meeting Date Time
2020-21 AGM Held through video conferencing 24.09.2021 3.00 P.M 
2021-22 AGM Held through video conferencing 30.09.2022 3.00 P.M
2022-23 AGM Held through video conferencing 29.09.2023 3.00 P.M
          Table 16: Special resolutions taken up in the last three AGMs and passed with requisite majority are mentioned 
hereunder:
 Special Resolutions passed in AGM held 24.09.2021
Item No. 4 Borrowing of Money for the purpose of business of Company
Item No. 5 Authorisation for Loans etc.
Item No. 6 Inter Corporate Loans and Investments 
Item No. 7 Approval for Related Party Transactions
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 50 ===
44
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Item No. 8 Re-Appointment of Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla (Din: 00027448) As Managing Director
Item No. 9 Reappointment of Mr. Suresh Chand Singla As Managing Director
Item No.10 Approval For Change In Status Of Material Subsidiary/Subsidiary in Terms Of Regulation 24 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations And Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
Item No.11 Regularization of Appointment of Mr. Rohit Jain As An Independent Non-Executive Director
Special Resolutions passed in AGM held 30.09.2022
Item No. 5 Borrowing of Money for the purpose of business of Company
Item No. 6 Authorisation for Loans etc.
Item No. 7 Inter Corporate Loans and Investments 
Item No. 8 Approval for Related Party Transactions to be entered into by the Company
Item No. 9 Appointment of Mr. Raja Singla (DIN: 03523719) as Whole Time Director of The Company
Item No.10 Increase the Remuneration of Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla (DIN: 00027448) Managing Director
Item No.11 Increase the Remuneration of Mr. Suresh Chand Singla (DIN: 00027706) Managing Director
Special Resolutions passed in AGM held 29.09.2023
Item No. 5 Ratification Of Remuneration To Cost Auditors For FY 2023-24
Item No. 6 Authorization For Loans Etc
Item No. 7 Ratification Of Remuneration To Cost Auditors For FY 2022-23
Item No. 8 Approval For Related Party Transactions To Be Entered Into By The Company
Item No. 9 Appointment Of Mr. Shivom Singla (DIN: 03615519) As Whole Time Director Of The Company
Item No.10 Regularization Of Appointment Of Mr. Abhishek Agarwal (DIN: 07286832) As An Independent Non-
Executive Director
Item No.11 Appointment Of Mr. Udit Singla (DIN: 03526575) As Whole Time Director Of The Company
Item No.12 Appointment Of Mr. Dhairya Madan (DIN: 10284820) As An Independent Non-Executive Director
Item No.13 Appointment Of Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh (DIN: 10297977) As An Independent Nonexecutive Director
 Whether any special resolutions were put through Postal Ballot in last year: No
 Person who conducted the postal ballot exercise: N.A.
 Whether any special resolution is proposed to be conducted through postal ballot: No
8. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
 a) Financial Results:
The quarterly/half-yearly and annual results of the Company are normally published in the Financial Express 
(English) and Naya India (a regional daily published).
The quarterly/half-yearly and annual results and other official news releases are displayed on the website of the 
Company – www.titanbiotechltd.com shortly after its submission to the Stock Exchanges.
  T able 17: Tentative Dates of Financial Calendar
Financial Reporting for the quarter ending June 30, 2024 Second Week of  August, 2024
Financial Reporting for the quarter ending September 30, 2024 Second Week of November 2024
Financial Reporting for the quarter ended December 31, 2024 Second Week of February, 2024
Financial Reporting for the year ending March 31, 2024 End of May, 2024
Annual General Meeting for the year 2024 Annual General Meeting for the year 2024 September, 2024
 b) Online Filings: 
In terms of Regulation 10 of the Listing Regulations, the Company complies with the online filing requirements 
on electronic platforms of BSE Limited (BSE) viz., BSE Listing Centre. The Members / Investors can view the 
details of electronic filings done by the Company on the websites of BSE i.e., www.bseindia.com.
 c) Website: 
  The Company maintains a functional website (www.titanbiotechltd.com) containing the information prescribed 
under various provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations including Regulation 46(2) thereof and is 
regularly updated to provide further ease of access to the prescribed information. The “Investor” section contains 
details / information, including Financial Results, Shareholding Pattern, Press Releases, Company Policies, etc., 
=== PAGE 51 ===
45
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
relevant for various stakeholders.
  The website also provides a list of URLs along with indexing under the tab “Investor> Disclosures under Regulation 
46” at https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/disclosure-under-regulation-46-62-of-sebi-lodr-regulation/ to enable 
access to the prescribed information at one place.
  The ‘Investors’ section provides information on various topics related to Shareholder Services viz. registration of 
PAN, KYC details or changes/updation thereof, transfer/ transmission of shares, dematerialization, nomination, 
loss of share certificates, dividend, etc. The details of unclaimed dividends for dividends declared upto the 
financial year ended March 31, 2024 are also available in this section, to help shareholders to claim the same. In 
addition, various downloadable forms required to be executed by the shareholders have also been provided on 
the website.
 d) Press / News Releases: 
Official Press/News Releases including Press Release on Financial Results of the Company are sent to the Stock 
Exchanges and the same are subsequently hosted on the website of the Company.
 e) Communication to shareholders on email: 
Documents like Notices, Annual Reports, ECS advice for dividends, etc. are sent to the shareholders at their 
email address, as registered with their Depository Participants/ Company/ Registrar and Transfer Agents (RTA). 
This helps in prompt delivery of document, reduce paper consumption, save trees and avoid loss of documents 
in transit. The Company proposes to send documents like shareholders’ meeting notice/ other notices, audited 
financial statements, Directors’ report, Auditor’s report or any other document, to its members in electronic form 
at the email address provided by them and/or made available to the company by their depositories. Members who 
have not yet registered their email id (including those who wish to change their already registered email id) may 
get the same registered/ updated either with their depositories or by writing to the Company. Format of request 
letter (Form ISR 1) is available in the ‘Investors’ Section under ‘Important Information’ of the Company’s 
website.
 f) Annual Reports
Annual Report for FY 2023-24 containing inter-alia, audited Financial Statements, Directors’ Report  including 
Integrated Reporting and Management Discussion & Analysis, Corporate Governance Report) was sent via 
email to all shareholders who have provided their email ids and is also available at the Company’s website at 
www.titanbiotechltd.com
However, this year in view of the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic and owing to the difficulties involved 
in dispatching of physical copies of Annual Report, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) has vide its 
circular no 20/2020 dated 5 May 2020 directed the Companies to send the Annual Report only by e-mail to all 
the Members of the Company. Therefore, the Annual Report for FY 2023-2024 and Notice of 32
nd AGM of the 
Company is being sent to the Members at their registered e-mail addresses in accordance with MCA and SEBI 
Circulars.
 g) Reminders to shareholders: 
Reminders for claiming unclaimed shares lying with the Company which are liable to be transferred to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority are sent to the shareholders as per Company records.
 h) BSE Listing center: 
BSE have developed web-based applications for corporates. All compliances like financial results, Shareholding 
Pattern and Corporate Governance Report, etc. are filed electronically on BSE Listing center.
 i) Arbitration Mechanism
SEBI has issued a circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/76 on May 30, 2022, regarding 
Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for dispute resolution under the Stock Exchange arbitration mechanism 
for disputes between a Listed Company and/or Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents (RTAs) and its 
Shareholder(s)/ Investor(s). This information along with SEBI circular is uploaded on the website of the Company 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 52 ===
46
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
at www.titanbiotechltd.com  for the shareholders’ information and reference under important information section 
in Investor.
 j) Presentations made to institutional investors / analysts: 
Whenever Presentations to be made during Post Earnings’ Call are also be filed with the Stock Exchanges. All 
price sensitive information’s are promptly intimated to the Stock Exchanges before being released to the media, 
other stakeholders and uploaded on the website of the Company.
9. ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 
 Table 18: Details of Annual General Meeting for the F.Y 2023-24
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 30th September 2024
Time 03:00 P.M.
Venue A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi, Rajasthan.  (Deemed 
Venue)
The Company is conducting meeting through VC / OA VM pursuant to the 
General Circulars issued by the MCA dated April 8, 2020, April 13, 2020, May 
5, 2020, January 13, 2021, December 14, 2021 and December 28, 2022 and as 
such there is no requirement to have a venue for the AGM. For details please 
refer to the Notice of this AGM
Record Date for Dividend Payment 23
rd September, 2024
10. DATES OF BOOK CLOSURE
 From the 24th September, 2024 to 30th September, 2024 (both days inclusive).
11. OUTSTANDING ADR’S/GDR’S/WARRANTS OR ANY CONVERTIBLE INSTRUMENTS, CONVERSION 
DATE AND LIKELY IMPACT ON EQUITY
 There were no outstanding GDRs/ADRs/W arrants or any convertible instruments as at 31st March, 2024.
12. COMMODITY PRICE RISK OR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES
The Company does not have any exposure hedged through commodity derivatives. The details of foreign currency 
exposure are disclosed in Note to the Annual Financial Statements.
13. LOAN AND ADV ANCE
During the F.Y 2023-24 the Company has not given Loan the companies on which directors are interest. The given are 
also mentioned in the notes of financial as enclosed with this report.
14. DIVIDEND PAYMENT DATE
The Directors have recommended dividend on Equity Shares of Rs. 2.00 on each Equity Shares for the Financial Year 
2023-2024. The dividend will be paid only after approval of shareholders in the Annual General Meeting.
15. STOCK EXCHANGES
 Bombay Stock Exchange Limited
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, Dalal Street, Mumbai.
 Scrip Code: 524717
 Listing fees has been paid to the Stock Exchange where shares of Company are listed.
SEBI toll-free helpline service for investors: 1800 22 7575 or 1800 266 7575 (available on all days from 9:00 a.m. 
to 6:00 p.m. excluding declared holidays).
SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES): Investor complaints are processed at SEBI in a centralized web-based 
complaints redress system. The salient features of this system are centralised database of all complaints, online upload 
of Action Taken Reports (ATRs) by concerned Companies and online viewing by investors of actions taken on the 
complaints and their current status. 
=== PAGE 53 ===
47
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
16. PLANT LOCATIONS
A. Plant I: A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi 301019, Rajasthan.
B. Plant II: E-540, Industrial Area Chopanki, Bhiwadi 301019, Rajasthan.
C. Plant III: F-689-690, RIICO Industrial Area, Chopanki, Bhiwadi, Rajasthan - 301019
 Correspondence Address  of the company other than registered office:
 303-305, Lusa Tower Azadpur Commercial Complex Delhi 110033
17. UNCLAIMED DIVIDENDS TO BE TRANSFERRED TO THE INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION 
FUND
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the IEPF Authority (Accounting, 
Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, all dividends which remains unpaid or unclaimed for a period of seven years 
from the date of their transfer to the unpaid dividend account are required to be transferred by the Company to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund (“IEPF”), established by the Central Government. Further, as per IEPF Rules, 
the shares on which dividend has not been paid or claimed by the members for seven consecutive years or more shall 
also be transferred to the demat account of the IEPF Authority.
During the year under review, Your Company has transferred unclaimed amount and Shares to IEPF Authority. Details 
are provided under this table: 
 T able 19: Details of Dividend amount and shares transferred to IEPFA
Financial Year Amount Transferred to IEPF No of Shares Transferred to IEPFA
2015-2016 725558 46,600
Table 20: The dividend for the following years remaining unclaimed for 7 years from the date of declaration are 
required to be transferred by the Company to Investor Education and Protection Fund and the various dates 
for transfer of such amount are as under:
Sr. No. Financial Year Date of Declaration Rate of Dividend Due for Transfer to IEPF
1. 2016-2017 29-09-2017 7.50  % 05-11-2024
2. 2017-2018 28-09-2018 7.50  % 04-11-2025
3. 2018-2019 N.A. N.A. N.A.
4. 2019-2020 25-09-2020 10.00  % 01-11-2027
5. 2020-2021 24-09-2021 15.00  % 31-10-2028
6. 2021-2022 30-09-2022 15.00  % 06-11-2029
7. 2022-2023 29-09-2023 18.00  % 05-11-2030
8. 2023-2024 30-09-2024 20.00 % 06-11-2031
Further, with regards to the unpaid or unclaimed dividend, the Company has sent out reminders to the shareholders 
to claim their unpaid or unclaimed dividends before the dividend amounts are transferred to Investor Education and 
Protection Fund (‘IEPF’).
Members who have not encashed their Dividend Warrants or those who have not received the Dividend Warrants so 
far, are requested to seek payment of Dividend before 30
th September, 2024. Otherwise, all above said unclaimed 
dividend  to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund on above said Dates. Further, Shareholders 
are requested to send cancelled Cheque to duplicate dividend warrant claims.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 54 ===
48
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Chart 3: Dividend History of Last 10 years
18. MANDATORY TRANSFER OF SHARES TO DEMAT ACCOUNT OF INVESTORS EDUCATION AND 
PROTECTION FUND AUTHORITY (IEPFA) IN CASE OF UNPAID/ UNCLAIMED DIVIDEND ON SHARES 
FOR A CONSECUTIVE PERIOD OF SEVEN YEARS
 In terms of Section 124(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 6 of the Investor Education and Protection Fund
 Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, (as amended from time to time) shares on which 
dividend has not been paid or claimed by a shareholder for a period of seven consecutive years or more shall be credited 
to the Demat Account of Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (IEPFA) within a period of thirty days of 
such shares becoming due to be so transferred. Upon transfer of such shares, all benefits (like bonus, dividend etc.), if 
any, accruing on such shares shall also be credited to such Demat Account and the voting rights on such shares shall 
remain frozen till the rightful owner claims the shares. Shares which are transferred to the Demat Account of IEPFA 
can be claimed back by the shareholder from IEPFA by following the procedure prescribed under the aforesaid rules. 
Therefore, it is in the interest of shareholders to regularly claim the dividends declared by the Company.
 The voting rights on the shares transferred to the IEPF Authority shall remain frozen till the rightful owner claims the 
shares.
 As on date 31st March 2024 46,600 shares to the demat account of the IEPF Authority on which dividend has not 
been paid / claimed by the shareholders for 7 (seven) consecutive years or more. Relevant details of such shares is 
available on the website of the Company www.titanbiotechltd.com  
19. EQUITY SHARES LYING WITH THE COMPANY IN SUSPENSE ACCOUNT
In accordance with the requirements of SEBI Circular No. SEBI/ HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 
dated 25th January, 2022 the Company has opened a Suspense Escrow Demat Account (“TITAN BIOTECH LTD. 
SUSPENSE ESCROW DEMAT ACCOUNT”) with the Depository Participant for transfer of shares lying unclaimed 
for more than 120 days from the date of issue of Letter of Confirmation to the shareholders in lieu of physical share 
certificate(s) to enable them to make a request to DP for dematerialising their shares.
As per Schedule V (F) of the SEBI (LODR Regulations, the Company reports the following details in respect of equity 
shares lying in the suspense account. 

=== PAGE 55 ===
49
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
 T able 21: The status of equity shares lying in the unclaimed suspense account is given below:
S.N Particulars No. of shareholders No. of equity shares held
1. Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in 
the suspense account lying at the beginning of the year
1 200
2. Number of shareholders who approached listed entity for 
transfer of shares from suspense account during the year 
3 400
3. Number of shareholders along with shares held to whom shares 
were transferred from suspense account during the year
1 200
4. Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in 
the suspense account lying at the end of the year 
1 800
*The voting rights in respect of these shares shall remain frozen till the claim of the righteous shareholders is approved 
by the Company.
20. SHARE TRANSFER SYSTEM
All transfer, transmission or transposition of securities are conducted in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 
40, Regulation 61 and Schedule VII of the SEBI Listing Regulations, read together with relevant SEBI Circulars.
In terms of the SEBI Listing Regulations, securities of the Company can only be transferred in dematerialized form. 
Further, SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/ MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 24, 2022, mandated all 
the listed companies to issue securities in dematerialised form only, while processing the service request for issue of 
duplicate securities certificates, renewal/exchange of securities certificate, claim from Unclaimed Suspense Account, 
endorsement, sub-division/ splitting of securities certificate, consolidation of securities certificates/folios, transmission 
and transposition.
In view of the same and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and avail various benefits of 
dematerialization, Members are advised to dematerialize the shares held by them in physical form. Members can 
contact the Company or the Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent (‘RTA’), for assistance in this regard. Also, share 
transactions in electronic form can be effected in a much simpler and faster manner.
Shareholders should communicate with the RTA, quoting their folio number or Depository Participant ID (‘DPID’) and 
Client ID number, for any queries on their securities holding.
Dispute Resolution Mechanism
SEBI has vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_ RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/76 dated May 30, 2022, issued 
a Standard Operating Procedure (‘SOP’) for dispute resolution under the Stock Exchange Arbitration Mechanism 
for disputes between a listed company and/or registrars to an issue and share transfer agents and its shareholder(s)/
investor(s).
The Company has complied with the same and is accessible on the website of the Company at the weblink is: https://
titanbiotechltd.com/investor/important-information/
Scores
A centralised web based complaints redress system ‘SCORES’ which serves as a centralised database of all complaints 
received, enables uploading of Action Taken Reports by the concerned companies and online viewing by the investors 
of actions taken on complaints and its current status.
Online Dispute Resolution Portal (‘ODR Portal’)
A mechanism to streamline and strengthen the existing dispute resolution in the Indian Securities Market, SEBI vide 
Circular No. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-3/P/CIR/2023/195 dated July 31, 2023 (updated as on December 20, 2023), 
introduced the ODR Portal. This mechanism enhanced the degree of regulatory supervision by SEBI over disputes 
between aggrieved parties and the ODR order is binding on both the parties to the dispute.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 56 ===
50
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Pursuant to above-mentioned circulars, the aggrieved party can initiate the mechanism through the ODR portal, after 
exercising the primary options to resolve the issue directly with the Company and through the SCORES platform.
The Shareholders holding shares in physical form are requested to get their shares dematerialised at the earliest to 
avoid any inconvenience in future while transferring the shares. Shareholders are accordingly requested to get in 
touch with any Depository Participant having registration with SEBI to open a Demat account to seek guidance in the 
demat procedure.
The Shareholders may also visit website of depositories viz. National Securities Depository Limited viz. https://nsdl.
co.in/faqs/faq.php or Central Depository Services (India) Limited viz. https://www.cdslindia.com/Investors/open-
demat.html  for further understanding of the demat procedure.
 T able 22: Other Details Are Under:
Approximate time taken for share transfer if the Documents are clear in all respects 15 days
Demat ISIN Number for Equity Shares of the Company in NSDL & CDSL INE-150C01011
Total No. of shares dematerialized during 2023-2024 82100 Shares
Total No. of shares rematerialised during year ended 31.03.24 NIL
Total No. of shares transferred during 2023-2024 NIL
Total No. of shares transmitted during 2023-2024 2000 Shares
No. of shares pending for transfer as on 31.03.2024   NIL
No. of shares pending for dematerialisation 1700 Shares 
21. REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENTS
M/s. Beetal Financial & Computer Services Private Limited is the Registrar and Transfer Agent of the Company which 
manages the entire share registry work, both Physical and Electronic. For dematerialization, duplicate, transmission 
or transposition or any service requests and other communications in relation thereto should be sent to the address 
mentioned below:
Beetal Financial & Computer Services Private Limited 
99, Madangir, Behind LSC, 
Near Dada Harsukhdas Mandir, New Delhi 110062.  
Phone Nos. 29961281-83.    
E-mail Id:- beetalrta@gmail.com 
22. MARKET PRICE DATA: HIGH, LOW DURING EACH MONTH IN F.Y 2023-2024
 T able 23: Detail of Monthly share price movement during the year 2023-24 at BSE
MONTH HIGH PRICE LOW PRICE NUMBER OF TRADES
Apr-22 262 198 3815
May-22 258 228.05 3852
Jun-22 276.8 245 5243
Jul-22 267.3 250.25 3934
Aug-22 458.9 262.2 25069
Sep-22 390 325 5346
Oct-22 386 340.75 3858
Nov-22 460 351.75 6638
Dec-22 427.9 375 7055
Jan-23 550 400.1 14020
Feb-23 618 440 12063
Mar-23 580 456 6252
(Source: This information is compiled from the data available from the websites of BSE)
=== PAGE 57 ===
51
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
23. PERFORMANCE OF THE SHARE PRICE OF THE COMPANY IN COMPARISON TO THE BSE SENSEX:
The chart below depicts the performance of the Company’s share price in comparison to broad-based indices, such 
as BSE Sensex. The Titan Biotech Limited Management cautions that the stock movement shown in the graph below 
should not be considered indicative of potential future stock price performance.
 Chart 4: The performance of the Company’s share price in comparison to BSE Sensex
24. MARKET CAPITALISATION
The Market Capitalization of the Company as on March 31, 2024 at BSE is Rs. 436.49, which is at 1604th  position in 
the list. From 2021 to 2024, the market cap has increased from Rs.153.33 crore to Rs.436.49 crore. The chart below 
represents the market capitalisation of the Company based on the year end closing prices quoted on BSE:
Table 24:  Market Capitalisation of last 4 years
25. DECLARATION UNDER REGULATION 34(3) AND 53(F) OF SEBI REGULATIONS & SCHEDULE V 
PART D OF SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATION AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATION, 2015
Declaration that all Board Members and Senior Executives of the Company have affirmed compli -
ance to Code of Conduct as applicable to them for the Financial Year ended on 31st March, 2024 
is attached with this report.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 58 ===
52
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
26. DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDING AS ON 31.03.2024
 T able 25:  Distribution of shareholding by ownership
S. N Category No. of 
Shareholders
% age No. of Equity 
Shares
% age
1. Resident Individuals 15383 96.89 2483906 30.06
2. Bodies Corporate 45 0.28 137189 1.66
3. HUF 140 0.88 75143 0.91
4. Indian Promoters 14 0.09 4617515 55.88
5. NRIs/OCBs/FIIs/FCs 291 1.83
6. Clearing House/Members  
In Transit/Custodians/Employee Benefit Trust/Trust/
Alternate Investment Funds
1 0.01 18712 0.23
7. Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) 1 0.01 727932 8.81
8. Unclaimed/Suspense/Escrow A/C              1 0.01 800 0
Total 15876 100 8263700 100
 Note: * Some shareholders m ay hold one or more folio numbers on their name. 
Chart 5:  Pie chart showing shareholding by ownership
 Table 26:  Shares held in physical and dematerialized form
CATEGORY NUMBER OF EQUITY SHARES HELD PERCENTAGE
NSDL 2538568 30.72
CDSL 5403621 65.39
Physical 321511 3.89
Total 8263700 100

=== PAGE 59 ===
53
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
           Chart 6: Presentation of Physical and Dematerialization                                                                                                             
Dematerialization of Shares and Liquidity
Trading in equity shares of the Company in 
dematerialized is mandatory. To facilitate trading in 
demat form, in India, there are two depositories i.e. 
National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL). 
TBL has entered into agreement with both these 
depositories.
Shareholders can open their accounts with any of 
the Depository Participant registered with these 
depositories.
a. As on March 31, 2024, 96% shares of the Company b. The equity shares of the Company are frequently     
       were held in dematerialized form.   traded at BSE Ltd. 
 Reduction in physical shareholders
On account of the continuous efforts made by the Company to convert its entire equity share capital in dematerialised 
form, there has been significant reduction in number of shareholders holding shares in physical form in last 6 years. 
Number of shareholders holding shares in physical form decreased by 70.70% (3,21,511 in FY 2023-24 as compared to 
10,97,667 in FY 2018-19) as on 31
st March 2024.
 Chart 7: Presentation of Reduction of Physical Shareholder
 Table 27:  Distribution of shareholding by size
Sl. 
No.
Category No. of Holders Percentage of Holders Holding (Nos.) Percentage
1. 1-5000 15068 94.911 1097850 13.2852
2. 5001-10000 422 2.658 329944 3.9927
3. 10001-20000 193 1.216 279927 3.3874
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 60 ===
54
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
4. 20001-30000 72 0.454 174070 2.1064
5. 30001-40000 32 0.202 114789 1.3891
6. 40001- 50000 13 0.082 59564 0.7208
7. 50001-100000 41 0.258 294474 3.5635
8. 100001 And Above 35 0.220 5913082 71.5549
Total       18752 100    82637000 100
27. SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES-MONITORING FRAMEWORK
 During the year Company does not have any Subsidiary .
28. AGREEMENTS WITH MEDIA
 The Company has not entered into any agreement with any media Company and/or its associates.
29. CONTRIBUTIONS
 The Company has not made any contributions to / spending for political campaigns, political organizations, lobbyists 
or lobbying organizations, trade associations and other tax-exempt groups.
30.  DISCLOSURES
 Code of Conduct
The Company’s Board has laid down code of conduct for all the Board Members and Senior Management of the 
Company, which have been provided to all concerned executives. The code of Conduct is available at the website of 
the Company at www.titanbiotechltd.com   and designated Senior Management have affirmed compliance with code 
of conduct. A declaration to this effect is enclosed as Annexure A.
The Code of Conduct enjoins that each individual in the organization must know and respect existing laws, accept and 
provide appropriate professional views, and be upright in his conduct and observe corporate discipline. The duties of 
Directors including duties as an Independent Director as laid down in the Act also forms part of the Code of Conduct.
Disclosure on significant related party transactions
The Company has formulated a policy on dealing with and materiality of related party transactions also amend the policy 
on 21
st April 2022 in line with the amendments in the Listing Regulations. All related party transactions are approved 
by the Audit Committee. Approval of Board of Directors is taken, as needed, in accordance with the Companies Act, 
2013 and the Listing Regulations. All material related party transactions are approved by Shareholders. The Related 
Party Transactions are shown separately in Notes to the accounts annexed to the Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss 
Account of Company. The Policy is disclosed on the website of the Company www.titanbiotechltd.com .
Further, there were no materially significant related party transactions that may have potential conflict with the interests 
of company at large. A confirmation as to compliance of Related Party Transactions as per Listing Regulations is also 
sent to the Stock Exchanges along with the quarterly compliance report on Corporate Governance. Disclosure of 
related party transactions on a consolidated basis is also sent to the Stock Exchanges after publication of standalone and 
consolidated financial results for the half year (w.e.f. 01.04.2023 disclosure is being made on the date of publication of 
standalone and consolidated financial results for the half year).
 Disclosur es by Board Members & Senior management
 The board members and senior management personnel make disclosures to the Board of Directors periodically 
regarding
 c. their dealings in the Company’s shares; and
 d. all material, financial and commercial transactions, if any;
 where they have personal interest that may have potential conflict with the interests of the Company at large.
=== PAGE 61 ===
55
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
 Details of non-compliance by the Company
The Company has not violated any provision of law nor any penalty stricture imposed on the Company by Stock 
Exchange(s), SEBI or any other authority, on any matter related to capital market, during the last three years.   Additional 
fee for late submission of annual report for last year i.e. 2022-2023 was Rs. NIL/-.  The Company is complying with 
the provisions of various corporate and other laws as applicable to it. There is no accounting treatment different from 
the prescribed accounting standards.  
 Legal Compliance Reporting
Company Secretary is assigned with compliance of Company Law, SEBI, ROC. Factory Head is responsible for 
all factory compliances. HR Manager is responsible for all HR Compliances. All the functional heads report to the 
Managing Director and the Board of Directors overview the Legal Compliances. 
 Disclosur e of accounting treatment in preparation of financial statements
The Company follows Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) in the 
preparation of its financial statements.
Code for prevention of Insider-Trading Practices
In accordance with SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, the Company has in place following 
policies/codes which are revised from time to time according to applicable laws or as per need.
i. Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading
ii. Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI). Policy 
for determination of “legitimate purposes” forms part of this Code.
iii. Policy and procedures for inquiry in case of leak of UPSI/suspected leak of UPSI 
All compliances relating to Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading are being managed through a software. 
This code lays down guidelines advising the management, staff and other connected persons, on procedures to be 
followed and disclosures to be made by them while dealing with the shares of TBL, and while handling any unpublished 
price sensitive information, cautioning them of the consequences of violations. The Company Secretary has been 
appointed as the Compliance Officer.
Certificate from Company Secretary in Practice regarding disqualification of Directors
The Secretarial Auditors of the Company have issued a certificate that none of the directors on the board of the 
company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority. The same is 
annexed as Annexure B at the end of this report.
CEO/ CFO certification
In terms of Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations, the CFO have certified to the Board of Directors of the 
Company with regard to the financial statements and other matters specified in the said regulation, for FY 2023-2024. 
The same is annexed as Annexure C at the end of this report.
Recommendations of Committee(s) of the Board of Directors
During the year, all recommendations of Committee(s) of the Board of Directors, which are mandatorily required, were 
accepted by the Board.
Vigil Mechanism & Whistle Blower Policy
The Company has established Vigil Mechanism and also Whistle Blower Policy. Any Employee may approach the 
Audit Committee for disclosure of any suspected fraud or observations from any wrongful activities in the Company 
or factory. During the year no personnel has been denied access to the audit committee The Policies are disclosed on 
the website of the Company.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 62 ===
56
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Material Subsidiaries
The Company has established policy of identification of Material Subsidiaries and it is adhering to the same. The 
same is disclosed in the website of the Company at www.titanbiotechltd.com. However, during the year the Company 
has not any material subsidiary.
Disclosure under Sexual Harassment of Women at the workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 
2013
At Titan Biotech Limited, all employees are equal irrespective of their Gender. There is no discrimination between an 
individual on the basis of sex, color, religion etc.  The Company has in place Prevention of Sexual Harassment Policy 
in line with the applicable Act. 
 T able 28:  The Committee on Sexual Harassment has not received any complaint during the year 2023-2024
No of Complaint filed during the 
Financial Year
No of Complaint disposed of during 
the Financial Year
No of Complaints pending as on end of 
the Financial Year
Nil Nil Nil
Compliance Status of Mandatory Requirement
The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to 
(i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations.
Compliance Status of Non-Mandatory Requirement
The Company have not been adopted the requirement as specified in Part E of Schedule II of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Fee paid to Statutory Auditors
As per schedule V of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 the details of payment made to Statutory Auditor is available under Note to the Financial Statements 
of this report.
Fee paid/payable by the Company:
i) Statutory Audit Fees– Rs. 2,14,000.00
ii) Taxation matters – Rs. 1,00,000.00
Any Material Order or Strictures against the Company
The Company has not received any material order or strictures against it during the year 2023-2024 which affect the 
going concern or its future business operations.
Credit Rating - NA
Adoption of Policies
Company has adopted and complied with various policies as required under Company Law or SEBI Regulations and 
placed the same on the website of the Company www.titanbiotechltd.com .
Audit of Reconciliation of Share Capital
As stipulated by SEBI, a Practicing Company Secretary carries out the Audit of Reconciliation of Share Capital on a 
quarterly basis to reconcile the total admitted capital with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central 
Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) and the total issued and paid up capital. The Audit report is submitted to 
the Stock Exchanges and is placed before the Board at its meetings.
 Agr eement on compensation of profit sharing in connection with dealings in securities of the Company
During the Financial Year under review, no employee including Key Managerial Personnel or Director or Promoter 
of the Company had entered into any agreement, either for themselves or on behalf of any other person, with any 
shareholder or any other third party with regard to compensation or profit sharing in connection with dealings in 
=== PAGE 63 ===
57
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
securities of the Company.
 Dir ectors and Officers Liability Insurance (D&O Policy)
 Currently , the Company has not a D&O policy. Company will take a D&O Policy once applicability made by SEBI.
 Certification For  Corporate Governance 
Mr. Amit Anand, Practicing Company Secretaries, of the Company have verified the compliance of the Corporate 
Governance by the Company.  His certificate is annexed hereinafter Annexure D. The document regarding the Corporate 
Governance Report is annexed with this report.
      For  and on behalf of
      M/S Titan Biotech Limited M/S Titan Biotech Limited
      
      Sur esh Chand Singla  Nar esh Kumar Singla
      Managing Director Managing Director
      DIN: 00027706  DIN: 00027448
Date: 03/09/2024
Place: Delhi
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 64 ===
58
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Annexure A
DECLARATION REGARDING COMPLIANCE BY BOARD MEMBERS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
PERSONNEL WITH THE COMPANY’S CODE OF CONDUCT AS REQUIRED BY SCHEDULE V TO 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
This is to confirm that the Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for its employees including the Managing Director and 
Executive Directors. In addition, the Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for its Non-Executive Directors, Independent 
Directors and Senior Management Personnel/Senior Management. These Codes are available on the Company’s website.
We confirm that the Company has in respect of the year ended March 31, 2023, received from the Senior Management Team 
of the Company and the Members of the Board a declaration of compliance with the Code of Conduct as applicable to them.
For the purpose of this declaration, Senior Management Team means the Chief Financial Officer, Directors and the Company 
Secretary as on March 31, 2023.
For Titan Biotech Limited  for  Titan Biotech Limited
Suresh Chand Singla  Nar esh Kumar Singla
Managing Director  Managing Dir ector
Date: 29/05/2023 
Place: New Delhi
=== PAGE 65 ===
59
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Annexure B
CERTIFICATE FOR NO DISQUALIFICATION FROM DIRECTORSHIP
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To,
The Members 
Titan Biotech Limited
A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III,  
Bhiwadi- 301019, Rajasthan
I/We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of  Titan 
Biotech Limited having CIN L74999RJ1992PLC013387 and having registered office at A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, 
Phase-III, Bhiwadi- 301019, Rajasthan (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before me/us by the Company 
for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) 
of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number 
(DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to me / us by the Company 
& its officers& its officers and considering the relaxations granted by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities and 
Exchange Board of India warranted due to the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic,I hereby certify that none of the Directors 
on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ending on 31
st  March, 2024 have been debarred or 
disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.
Sr. 
No.
Name of Director DIN Date of appointment in 
Company
1. Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla 00027448 18/02/1992
2. Mr. Suresh Chand  Singla 00027706 18/02/1992
3. Mrs. Manju  Singla                                         00027790 23/06/2001
4. Ms. Supriya Singla 03526583 01/10/2012
5. Mr. Rohit Jain 07191154 26/07/2021
6. Mr. Raja Singla 03523719 01/10/2022
7. Mr. Abhishek Agarwal 07286832 01/10/2022
8. Mr. Shivom Singla 03615519 01/10/2023
9. Mr. Udit Singla 03526575 01/10/2023
10. Mr. Dhairya Madan 10284820 01/10/2023
11. Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh 10297977 01/10/2023
Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management 
of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an 
assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has 
conducted the affairs of the Company. 
For Amit Anand, Practicing Company Secretary
Amit Anand
ACS: 13409
COP No.17101
Place: Delhi
Date: 03/09/2024
UDIN: A013409f001134034
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 66 ===
60
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Annexure-C
CFO/CEO CERTIFICATION
To,
The Board of Directors of
Titan Biotech Limited.
We hereby certify to the Board that 
1. I, Prem Shankar Gupta have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year ended on 31 st 
March 2024 of Titan Biotech Limited for the year and that to the best of my knowledge and belief:
(a) these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements 
that might be misleading.
(b) These statements together present a true and fair view of the listed entity’s affairs and are in compliance with 
existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
2. There are, to the best of my knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the listed entity during the year 
which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the listed entity’s code of conduct.
3. I accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and we have 
evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the listed entity pertaining to financial reporting and we 
have disclosed to the auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal 
controls, if any, of which they are aware and the steps they have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
4. I have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee
(a) significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year
(b) significant changes in accounting policies during the year  and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to 
the financial statements and 
(c) instances of significant fraud of which they have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the 
management or an employee having a significant role in the listed entity’s internal control system over financial 
reporting.
for Titan Biotech Limited    
Prem Shankar Gupta                  
Chief Financial Officer 
Date: 29/05/2024
Place: New Delhi
=== PAGE 67 ===
61
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Annexure D
CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To,
The Members 
Titan Biotech Limited
A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III,  
Bhiwadi- 301019, Rajasthan
I have examined the Compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Titan Biotech Limited , for the year ended 
31
stMarch, 2023as stipulated under Regulations17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub- regulation(2) of Regulation 46 and 
para C, D and E ofSchedule V of the Securities and ExchangeBoard of India (Listing Obligations and DisclosureRequirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI ListingRegulations”).
The Compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. My examination was 
limited to procedures, and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance of the conditions of the 
Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
In my opinion, and to the best of my opinion and according to the explanation given to me, I certify that the company 
has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015.
I further state the compliance is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling the Company to 
comply withthe requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not be used by any other person or for any other purpose. 
Accordingly, we do notaccept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom 
this certificate is shown or intowhose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.
For Amit Anand, Practicing Company Secretary
Amit Anand
M. No: A13409
COP No.17101
Place: Delhi
Date: 03/09/2024 
UDIN: A013409F001133935
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 68 ===
62
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
DIRECTORS REPORT
Dear Shareholders,
The Board of Directors are pleased to present the 32 nd Annual Report of the Company along with the audited financial 
statements (standalone and consolidated) for the financial year ended 31st March 2024. (“FY 2023-24/ FY 24”).
The consolidated performance of the Company and its associate has been referred to wherever required.
1. FINANCIAL  SUMMARY AND HIGHLIGHT OF FINANCIAL RESULTS:      
The Audited Financial Statements of your Company as on March 31, 2024, are prepared in accordance with the 
relevant applicable Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) and Regulation 33 of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”).
The summarized financial highlight is depicted below:                                                                                             
                                        (Rs. In Lakhs) 
    
Particulars
Standalone Consolidated
2023-2024 2022-2023 2023-2024 2022-2023
Revenue from operations 16407.21 14,399.93 16407.21 14,399.93
Other income 174.82 194.31 174.82 194.31
Revenue 16582.03 14,594.24 16582.03 14,594.24
Expenses
Operating expenditure 12979.07 11448.02 12979.07 11448.02
 Profit for the year before depreciation, 
Finance Costs, exceptional item and tax 3602.96  3146.23 3,602.96 3,146.23
Less:  Finance Costs 117.00 74.59 117.00 74.59
Less: Depreciation 333.06 260.03 333.06 260.03
Profit/Loss before tax and exceptional item 3152.90 2,811.60 3152.90 2,811.61
Provision for Taxation 786.58 709.12 786.58 709.12
Exceptional item - - - -
Profit/Loss after Tax 2366.32 2,102.49 2366.32 2,102.48
Share in profit of associate - - 118.96 381.93
Profit/Loss 2366.32 2,102.49 2485.30 2,484.42
Other Comprehensive Income 
(Net of Tax) 17.48 6.22 17.48 6.22
Total Comprehensive Income for the period 2383.80         2 1 0 8 . 7 1                 2502.78
2490.64
EPS 28.64 25.44 30.07 30.06
2. PERFORMANCE AND REVIEW
 The revenue of the Company from operations was Rs. 16407.21 Lacs in FY24, which was 14% higher than the 
consolidated revenue of Rs. 14,399.93 Lacs in FY23. The profit before tax (“PBT”) for FY24 were Rs. 3152.90/- Lacs, 
respectively as compared to Rs. 2811.61/- Lacs, respectively for FY23.
 The consolidated EBITDA margin was at 21.72 % in FY24 as compared to 21.64 % in FY23. Profit for the year stood 
at Rs. 2502.78/- Lacs in FY24 as compared to Rs. 2490.64/- Lacs in FY23..
 
 The total revenue for FY 2024 was Rs. 16582.03/- lakhs increase by 14 % percent over the previous year’s revenue of 
=== PAGE 69 ===
63
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Rs. 14594.24/- lakhs. The profit after tax (“PAT”) for FY 2024 and FY 2023 was Rs. 2366.32/-  Lacs and Rs. 2102.49/-  
Lacs, respectively.
3. CONSOLIDA TION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 The Financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards. These financial 
statements comply in all material respects with Accounting Standards notified under Section 133 of Companies Act, 
2013. Further, a statement containing salient features of Financial Statements of associate Company namely M/S 
Peptech Biosciences Limited and M/S Titan Media Limited pursuant to sub-section 3 of Section 129 of Companies Act, 
2013 in prescribed form AOC-1 is appended as “Annexure-1”.
4. NUMBER OF  MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
 The Board of Directors met 12 (Twelve) times during 2023-2024. For details, please refer to the Report on Corporate 
Governance, which forms part of this Report.
5. COMMITTEES OF  THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
 •  Audit Committee
 The details pertaining to the composition of the Audit Committee and other details are included in the Corporate 
Governance Report, which is a part of this report. Further, during the year under review, all recommendations 
made by the various Committees have been accepted by the Board.
• Nomination &Remuneration Committee
 The details pertaining to the composition of the Nomination Remuneration Committee and other details are 
included in the Corporate Governance Report, which is a part of this report. Further, during the year under 
review, all recommendations made by the various Committees have been accepted by the Board.
• Stakeholder Relationship Committee
 The details pertaining to the composition of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee and other details are 
included in the Corporate Governance Report, which is a part of this report. Further, during the year under 
review, all recommendations made by the various Committees have been accepted by the Board.
• Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
 The details pertaining to the composition of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and other details 
are included in the Corporate Governance Report, which is a part of this report. Further, during the year under 
review, all recommendations made by the various Committees have been accepted by the Board.
6. MEETING OF  INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
 A  Meeting of the Independent Directors was held on 18/03/2024. All the independent directors were present in the 
meeting. The meeting was held through Video Conferencing and other audio video means.
7. ST ATE OF COMPANY AFFAIRS
 The Company is engaged in manufacture and export of Prepared Culture Media, Biological Goods, Plant Growth 
Promoters etc. The Company is manufacturing Peptones, Biological Extracts, Culture Media and Chemicals.
8. FUTURE PLANS
 The Company plans to promote its products domestically as well as internationally in new markets by participating in 
important exhibitions, conferences and seminars in and outside India and doing aggressive marketing and advertisement 
to tap the market. The Company is developing product for health supplement.
9. DEPOSITS
 The Company has not accepted any deposits from public during the year under review, and as such, no amount of 
principal or interest on deposits from public was outstanding as on March 31, 2024.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 70 ===
64
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
10. DIVIDEND
 The Board of Directors at their meeting held on May 29, 2024, has recommended payment of  Rs. 2.00/- (@ 20%) per 
equity share of the face value of Rs. 10/- each as final dividend for the financial year ended March 31, 2024.
 The payment of final dividend is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting 
(AGM) of the Company. The recommended final dividend shall be paid to those shareholders whose names appear in 
the Register of Members as on the Record Date, on approval by the members at the Annual General Meeting.
11. TRANSFER TO RESERVES
 A  Sum of Rs. 2,366.32/-Lakhs was transferred to General Reserves out of the Profits for the Current year and the 
retained earnings increased from Rs. 8,900.21/- Lakhs to Rs. 11,117.78/-Lakhs.
12. DET AILS OF FAMILARISATION PROGRAMME TO INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
 During the year, the Board members were regularly apprised with the overview of Company and its operations by 
Senior Management Team. Further, the functional heads made presentation to the Board of Directors. The Board was 
also apprised of all regulatory & policy changes.
13. POLICIES ADOPTED BY COMPANY
 The policies of the Company are placed on the website of the Company at: www.titanbiotechltd.com in investors sub 
link.
14. DIRECT ORS
 Ms. Supriya Singla and Mr. Udit Singla shall retire in this Annual general meeting and being eligible offers herself/
himself for reappointment. A resolution seeking shareholders’ approval for her re-appointment along with other 
required details forms part of the Notice. The details of remuneration of Directors may be referred to in the Corporate 
Governance Report.
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 149 of the Act, the Independent Directors have submitted declarations that each 
of them meet the criteria of independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act along with Rules framed thereunder 
and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. There has been no change in the circumstances affecting 
their status as independent directors of the Company. During the year under review, the non-executive directors of the 
Company had no pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company, other than sitting fees, commission and 
reimbursement of expenses, if any.
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Act, Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla and Mr. Suresh Chand Singla, Managing 
Directors, Mr. Raja Singla, Whole Time Director, Mr. Udit Singla,  Whole Time Director, Mr. Shivom Singla, Whole 
Time Director, Mr. Prem Shankar Gupta, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Charanjit Singh, Company Secretary are the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company as on March 31, 2023.
15. DIRECT ORS RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
 Pursuant to the requirement under Section 134(5) of Companies Act, 2013 with respect to Director’s Responsibility 
Statement, it is hereby confirmed:
(1) That in preparation of annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 st March, 2024 the applicable accounting 
standards had been followed along with proper explanations relating to material departures;
(2) That the directors had selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments 
and estimates that were reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
Company at the end of the financial year and of the profit or loss of the Company for the year under review.
(3) That the directors had taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provision of the Companies Act, 2013 for safeguarding the assets of the Company and 
preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
(4) That the Directors had prepared the accounts for the financial year ended 31 st March, 2024 on a going concern 
basis.
=== PAGE 71 ===
65
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
(5) The Directors had laid down se to be followed by the Company and that such internal financial controls are 
adequate and were operating effectively.
(6) The Directors have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and 
that such systems were adequate and operating effectively.
16. AUDIT ORS
 Statutory Auditor
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 139 and 141 of the Act and the rules made thereunder, M/s A N S K & Associates, 
Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No.:026177N) were appointed as Statutory Auditors of the Company from 
the conclusion of 30
th Annual General Meeting held on 30th September, 2022 till the conclusion of the Annual General 
Meeting of the Company to be held in the year 2027.
 The report of the statutory auditors does not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark or disclaimer, 
except as mentioned under the heading ‘Report on other legal and regulatory requirements’, under h (vi).
 The company and its one of associate company (Peptech Biosciences Limited) has been using Microsoft Navision 
2013 as ERP software for accounting which was taken from the vendor. The audit trail feature could not be activated 
due to lack of support from the vendor. Further, the above said old version is in the process of being replaced with 
Microsoft Navision Business Enterprise which is updated software and contains audit trail features. The new version 
of the software with all the requisite compliance requirements is implemented..
 The Auditors’ Report on the financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2024 is 
unmodified i.e. it does not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark or disclaimer. The Auditors’ Report 
is enclosed with the financial statements forming part of the annual report.
 Secretarial Auditor
 Pursuant to Section 204 of the Act, Mr. Amit Anand (M. No: 13409, C.P No: 17101), Practicing Company Secretary, 
was appointed to conduct the Secretarial Audit of the Company, for the financial year ended March 31, 2024. The 
Report of the Secretarial Auditor is annexed as “Annexure 5” to this Report. The Secretarial Audit Report does not 
contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark.
 The report of the Secretarial Auditors is also self-explanatory and need no further comments from the Directors.
 As per the recommendation from the Committee on Corporate Governance, constituted by the Government, in its report 
dated October 05, 2017, and Circular No. CIR/CFD/CMD1/27/2019 dated 08/02/2019, annual secretarial compliance 
report as per format prescribed by the SEBI shall be submitted by the PCS on compliance of all applicable SEBI 
Regulations and circulars/guidelines issued there under, consequent to which, the PCS shall submit a report to the listed 
entity.
 Annual Secretarial Compliance Report of Titan Biotech Ltd is a part of this report as an “Annexure-6”.
 Cost Auditor
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 of the Act read with Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules 2014, M/s 
Sanjay Kumar Garg & Associates, Cost Accountants, Firm’s Registration Number 100292) have been appointed as Cost 
Auditors for the financial year 2022-23 & 2023-24 to conduct cost audit of the accounts maintained by the Company 
in respect of the various products prescribed under the applicable Cost Audit Rules. The Board on recommendations 
of the Audit Committee has approved the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor, subject to ratification of their 
remuneration by the Members at this AGM. The resolution approving the above proposal is being placed for approval 
of the Members in the Notice for this AGM.
 The Cost Auditors have certified that their appointment is within the limits of Section 141(3)(g) of the Act and that they 
are not disqualified from appointment within the meaning of the said Act.
 The cost accounts and records of the Company are duly prepared and maintained as required under Section 148(1) of 
the Act.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 72 ===
66
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
 Internal Auditors
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 138 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 13 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014, the Board of Directors of the Company had appointed M/s. PGM & Associates, Chartered Accountants (Firm 
Registration No.: 017333N), as the Internal Auditors of the Company for the 2 consecutive F.Y from 2021-22 to 2022-
23. Further, the Committee has re-appointed M/s. PGM & Associates as the Internal Auditors of your Company for the 
2 consecutive Financial Years from 2023-2024 to 2024-2025.
17. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
 During the period under review, your Company had foreign exchange earned of Rs. 5208.41/- lakhs and foreign 
exchange used of Rs. 1555.27  /-lakhs of foreign exchange..
18. LISTING OF  SHARES
 a) The Company securities have not been suspended from trading.
 b) The securities of the Company are listed at the BSE Limited and will continue to be listed there.
 c) Company has paid annual listing fees for the Financial Year 2023-2024 to BSE Limited.
 The name and address of stock exchange where shares of Company will continue to be listed as under:
 BSE Limited
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower,
 Dalal Street, Mumbai
 W eblink: www.bseindia.com
 There was no presentation to Institutional Investors & analyst during 2023-2024.
 Plant Locations
• A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi, Rajasthan.
• E-540, Industrial Area, Chopanki, Bhiwadi, Rajasthan.
• F-689-690, RIICO Industrial Area, Chopanki, Bhiwadi, Rajasthan - 301019
19. SHARE CAPIT AL
 There was no change in Share Capital of Company during the year, the Paid up share capital of the Company stands at 
Rs. 8,26,37,000/- (Rupees Eight Crore Twenty-Six Lacs Thirty-Seven Thousand Only) and authorized share capital of 
the Company stands at Rs.10,00,00,000/- (Rupees Ten Crores Only)
20. WOMAN DIRECT OR
 Pursuant to section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) 
Rules, 2014, the company is required to comply with the provisions of Woman Director as the Company is a listed 
public Company. Currently Company have Mrs. Manju Singla, one-woman Director in their Board.
21. MA TERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENT
 There are no material changes and commitments occurred, which affect the financial position of the Company, from the 
last financial year to end of the financial year of the Company to which the financial statements relate and the date of 
the report. Stakeholders are advice to refer note standalone financial statement for the year ended 31
st March, 2024 as 
included in this annual report. For more clarity kindly go through Notes of standalone financial statement for the year 
ended 31
st March, 2024.
22. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
 None of the transactions with related parties fall under the scope of Section 188(1) of the Act. The information on 
transactions with related parties pursuant to Section 134(3)(h) of the Act read with Rule 8(2) of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014 in Form AOC-2 is not applicable.
=== PAGE 73 ===
67
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
23. SIGNIFICANT  AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR COURTS OR TRIBUNALS 
IMPACTING THE GOING CONCERN STATUS AND COMPANY’S OPERATIONS IN FUTURE
 Y our Directors confirm that no significant and/or material order(s) had been passed against the Company during the 
financial year 2023-2024, which may adversely impact the status of ongoing concern and operations in future.
24. DET AILS OF FRAUD REPORTED BY AUDITORS
 No fraud has been noticed or reported by the Auditor as per Section 134 (3) (ca) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
Companies (Amendment) Act, 2015.
25. CHANGE IN DIRECT ORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
 There was change in the composition of the Board of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company during 
the year 2023-2024.
 During the year Mr. Udit Singla and Mr. Shivom Singla is appointed as Whole Time Director (Executive Director) of 
the Company. Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh and Mr. Dhairya Madan joined as a Non-Executive Independent Director.
 Further , there was no change in the composition of the Board of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company after closing of the financial year 2023-2024.
26. CHANGE IN NA TURE OF BUSINESS
 There was no change in nature of business of Company during the financial year ended 31st March, 2024.
27. P ARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS UNDER SECTION 186 OF COMPANIES 
ACT, 2013
 Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or Investments under Section 186 of Companies Act, 2013 have been disclosed 
appropriately under financial statements.
28. INFORMA TION OF SUBSIDIARY/MATERIAL SUBSIDIARIES/ASSOCIATE COMPANIES
 During the year under review , the Company does not have any subsidiary/material subsidiary.
 Currently , the company have below two associate companies:
 1.  Peptech Biosciences Limited
 2.  Titan Media Limited
 During the Financial Year 2023-2024, the following changes have taken place in subsidiary / associates / joint 
venture companies:
Name of Company Status (subsidiary / joint venture /
associate)
Added/ Ceased Effective 
date
Titan Media Limited Associate Added 16-02-2024
 The Company has acquired 33,90,510 partly paid up equity shares of Rs 24/- each at par aggregating to Rs. 8,13,72,240 
(Eight Crore Thirteen Lacs Seventy-Two Thousand Two Hundred Forty Rupees Only) out of which Rs. 2,03,43,060/- 
(Two Crore Three Lacs Forty-Three Thousand Sixty Rupees Only) had paid on application (only application) by way 
of subscribing to the rights issue (“said issue”) of Titan Media Limited (“Investee Company”).
 In this regard, the Company agreed to acquire equity shares equivalent to voting rights of 64.58% of the total issued 
and paid up share capital of the Investee Company whenever the Investee Company will make a further call on the said 
issue. Currently, the Company had acquired the 32.29 % voting rights. The Company Stake in Investee Company will 
increase in proportionally on each call. 
29. VIGIL  MECHANISM
 Pursuant to Section 177(9) of the Act, a vigil mechanism was established for directors and employees to report to 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 74 ===
68
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
the management instances of unethical behaviour, actual or suspected, fraud or violation of the Company’s code of 
conduct or ethics policy. The vigil mechanism provides multiple channels for reporting concerns including an option 
for escalations, if any, to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee of the Company. The Company has established 
policy for Vigil Mechanism and the same is placed on the website of the Company at www.titanbiotechltd.com
30. RISK MANAGEMENT  
 Pursuant to Section 134(3)(n) of the Companies Act, 2013 & SEBI Regulations, the Company has laid down Risk 
Management Policy to inform Board Members about the risk assessment and minimization procedures. The Board of 
Directors don’t foresee any elements of risk, which in its opinion, may threaten the existence of the Company. The 
Company is aware of the risks associated with the business. It’s regularly analyses and takes corrective actions for 
managing / mitigating the same. The Company’s Risk management framework ensures compliance with the provisions 
of Regulation 17(9) of the Listing Regulation and has institutionalized the process for identifying, minimizing and 
mitigating risks which is periodically reviewed. 
 Since the Company does not rank among the top 1000 listed entities by market capitalization as of the end of the 
preceding financial year, it is exempt from compliance with Regulation 21 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015.
31. CONSER V ATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
 The disclosure of Conservation of Energy and Technology Absorption is attached as “Annexure-2” and forms part of 
the Directors Report.
32. CORPORA TE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
 The Board of Directors has constituted a Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee to monitor implementation 
of CSR activities of your Company.
 The details of the composition of the CSR Committee, CSR policy, CSR initiatives and activities undertaken during the 
year are given in the Annual Report on CSR activities in “Annexure –3” to this Report.
33. BOARD EV ALUATION 
 The Board of Directors has carried out an annual evaluation of its own performance, board committees, and individual 
directors pursuant to the provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations.
 The performance of the board was evaluated by the Board after seeking inputs from all the directors on the basis of 
criteria such as the board composition and structure, effectiveness of board processes, information and functioning, etc. 
 The performance of the committees was evaluated by the Board after seeking inputs from the committee members on 
the basis of criteria such as the composition of committees, effectiveness of committee meetings, etc.
 In separate meeting of independent Directors, performance of Non-Independent Directors, the Board as a whole and 
Chairman of the Company was evaluated, taking into account the views of executive directors and non-executive 
directors.
 Performance evaluation of Independent Directors was done by the entire Board, excluding the independent directors 
being evaluated.
 The Board and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee reviewed the performance of individual director to the 
board and committee meetings like preparedness on the issues to be discussed, meaningful and constructive contribution 
and inputs in meetings, etc.
 At the board meeting that followed the meeting of the independent directors and meeting of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, the performance of the Board, its Committees, and individual directors was also discussed.
34. POLICY  ON DIRECTORS APPOINTMENT, REMUNERATION AND OTHER DETAILS
 Policy on Directors Appointment or Reappointment, Remuneration and other details provided in Section 178(3) of 
Companies Act, 2013 has been disclosed in the website of the Company at www.titanbiotechltd.com.
=== PAGE 75 ===
69
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
 Whereas the term of the KMP (other than the Managing Director/Whole-time Director/Manager) and Senior 
Management shall be governed by the prevailing HR policies of the Company. 
35. F AMILIARISATION PROGRAMME
 Please refer to the Paragraph on Familiarisation Programme in the Corporate Governance Report for detailed analysis.
36. INTERNAL  FINANCIAL CONTROL SYSTEM AND THEIR ADEQUACY
 The details in respect of internal financial control and their adequacy are included in Management discussion and 
Analysis Report.
37. HUMAN RESOURCES
 The details in respect of Human Resources are included in Management discussion and Analysis Report.
38. DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT
 As per SEBI Listing Regulations, the Corporate Governance Report for the financial year ended 31 st March, 2024 
giving the details as required under Regulation 34(3) read with Clause C of Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligation 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 is given separately with the Auditors’ Certificate thereon, and the 
Management Discussion and Analysis Report are attached, which forms part of this report. Details of number of Board 
meetings, board diversity and expertise, composition of the Audit Committee and establishment of Vigil Mechanism 
as required under the Act are provided in the Corporate Governance Report. All mandatory recommendations made 
by the committee(s) were reviewed and accepted by the Board of Directors. The Company has devised proper systems 
to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India and that such systems are adequate and operating effectively
 .
39. INSURANCE
 All properties and insurable interests of the Company including buildings, plant & machinery and stocks have been 
adequately insured.
40. GREEN INITIA TIVE
 As a responsible corporate citizen, the Company welcomes and supports the ‘Green Initiative’ undertaken by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India, enabling electronic delivery of documents including the Integrated 
Annual Report to Shareholders at their e-mail address previously registered with the depositories or the Company’s 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent. In line with the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company has emailed soft copies 
of its Integrated Annual Report to all those Shareholders who have registered their email address for the said purpose. 
With reference to MCA General Circular No. 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020 and MCA Circular dated May 05, 2022 and 
MCA General Circular No. 11/2022 dated December 28, 2022, read with the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2022/62 dated May 13, 2022, Companies have been dispensed with the 
printing and dispatch of Annual Reports to Shareholders. Hence, the Annual Report of the Company for the financial 
year ended March 31, 2024, would be sent through email to the Shareholders.
 W e would greatly appreciate and encourage more Members to register their email address with their Depository 
Participant and/or the RTA/Company, to receive soft copies of the Annual Report and other information disseminated 
by the Company. Shareholders who have not registered their e-mail addresses so far are requested to do the same. 
Those holding shares in demat form can register their e-mail address with their concerned DPs. Shareholders who 
hold shares in physical form are requested to register their e-mail addresses with the RTA/ Company, by sending KYC 
updation forms duly signed by the shareholder(s) with required details.
41. POLICIES
 For better conduct of operations and in compliance with regulatory requirements, your Company has framed and 
adopted certain policies. In addition to the Company’s Code of Conduct that have been adopted by the Company are as 
follows:
 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 76 ===
70
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Name of the Policy/ Code Brief Description Web Link
Terms and Conditions of Appointment of 
Independent Directors
The terms comprises of Role, Duties and Responsibilities, 
accompanying liabilities, etc for the Independent Directors 
(“ID”).
Corporate Social Responsibility Policy The Policy delineates the Company’s approach to fostering a 
beneficial influence on society through initiatives encompassing 
education, healthcare, the environment etc., underscoring its 
commitment to corporate social responsibility.
Familirisation Programme for Independent 
Directors
The Policy ensures that the Independent Directors are familiarised 
with the Company, their roles, rights, responsibilities in the 
Company, nature of industry in which the Company operates, 
business model of the Company etc. through various programs.
Materiality Policy Materiality Policy can be accessed in the company website.
Policy on Succession Planning for the Board and 
Senior
Policy on Succession Planning for the Board and Senior can be 
accessed in the company website.
Policy on Material Subsidiary The Policy determines the material subsidiaries of the Company 
and to provide the governance framework for them.
Risk Management Policy to identify risks impacting Company’s Business through 
systematic process of risk identification by Board or audit 
committee of executive management etc.
Policy for Determnation of Material Events and 
Information
This Policy aims to determine Materiality of events/information.
Policy on Preservation of Documents The Policy deals with periodicity of retention of the Company 
records and documents.
Code of Conduct For Prevention of Insider Trading The Company endeavors to preserve the confidentiality of 
unpublished price sensitive information and to prevent misuse 
of such information. The Company is committed to transparency 
and fairness in dealing with all stakeholders and in ensuring 
adherence to all laws and regulations.
Policy on Board Diversity To ensure a transparent Board nomination process with the 
diversity of thought, experience, knowledge, perspective and 
gender in the Board. 
Content Archiving Policy The Policy deals with archival of the Company’s documents 
which have been disclosed on the website of the Company.
Code of Conduct of Independent Directors The Code is a guide to professional conduct for independent 
directors. Adherence to these standards by independent directors 
and fulfillment of their responsibilities in a professional and 
faithful manner will promote confidence of the investment 
community, particularly minority shareholders, regulators and 
companies in the institution of independent directors.
Code of Conduct for Board of Directors and Senior 
Management
This Code broadly lays down the general principles to be 
followed by the Board of Directors and the Senior Management 
of the Company as a guide for discharging their respective 
duties and responsibilities as members of the Board or Senior 
Management of the Company, as the case may be.
https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/policies/  
=== PAGE 77 ===
71
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Nomination and Remuneration Policy This Policy formulates the criteria for determining qualification, 
competencies, positive attributes and independence for the 
appointment of Directors and also the criteria for determining 
the remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel 
and other Employees.
Related Party Transaction Policy Related Party Transaction Policy can be accessed in the company 
website.
Policy for Prevention of Sexual Harassment The Prevention of Sexual Harassment Policy has been formed 
to prohibit, prevent or deter the commission of acts of sexual 
harassment at workplace and to provide the procedure for the 
Redressal of complaints pertaining to sexual harassment.
Vigil Mechanism Policy To encourage its employees to share, disclose, complain about 
actual or suspected misconduct, nonadherence or violation of 
rules, regulations, fraud, non-compliance, unethical behavior; 
etc.
Code of Fair Disclosure Code of Fair Disclosure can be accessed in the company website.
42. SECRET ARIAL STANDARDS
 The Company has devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable Secretarial 
Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and that such systems are adequate and operating 
effectively.
43. TRANSFER TO INVESTOR EDUCATION & PROTECTION FUND (IEPF)
 Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund 
Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (IEPF Rules), the company has transferred dividend 
and shares during FY 2023-2024. Same is available in Corporate Governance Report.
44. DISCLOSURES UNDER THE SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, 
PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013
 The Company has adopted a Policy on Prevention, Prohibition, and Redressal of sexual harassment at the workplace 
in line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition, and Redressal) 
Act, 2013, and Rules framed thereunder. The Policy emphasizes zero tolerance for sexual harassment and ensures 
that an Internal Complaints Committee (‘ICC’) is in place for all works and offices of the Company. The ICC is 
responsible for redressing complaints received regarding sexual harassment. This proactive approach underscores 
the Company's commitment to providing a safe and respectful workplace environment. All employee (permanent, 
contractual, temporary, trainees) are covered under this policy.
 The following are the summary of sexual harassment complaints received and disposed off during the financial year 
2023-2024.
 No of Complaints received: Nil
 No of complaints disposed of f: N.A
45. ANNUAL  RETURN
 As per the requirements of Section 92(3) of the Act and Rules framed thereunder, the Annual Return for Financial Year 
2023-2024 is available on the website of the Company at www.titanbiotechltd.com.
 The Annual Return of the Company for Financial Year 2022-2023 already filed with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
(MCA) and the draft Annual Return for Financial Year 2023-2024 are available on the website of the Company and the 
weblink to access the same is as per above.
 After the filing of Annual Return for Financial Year 2023-2024 with MCA, the aforesaid draft version of the Return 
will be replaced with the final version.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 78 ===
72
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
46. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION OF KMP REMUNERATION PURSUANT TO RULE 5(1) OF 
COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL 
PERSONNEL) RULES,  2014
 The particulars of employees in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with 
Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 as amended from 
time to time, is annexed herewith as “Annexure -4”.
 There were no employee(s) in receipt of remuneration of Rs.1.02 Crores or more per annum or in receipt of remuneration 
of Rs.8.50 Lakhs per month, under Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules 2014. 
47. NOMINA TION AND REMUNERATION POLICY
 The nomination and remuneration policy of Titan Biotech Limited for director’s appointment and remuneration is 
uploaded in the website www.titanbiotechltd.com.
48. INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND (‘IEPF’)
 Refer Corporate Governance Report para on ‘Unclaimed Dividends To Be Transferred To The Investor Education And 
Protection Fund’ for details on transfer of unclaimed/unpaid amount/shares to IEPF.
49. ST ATUTORY INFORMATION AND OTHER DISCLOSURES
a. The details of difference between amount of the valuation done at the time of one-time settlement and the 
valuation done while taking loan from the Banks or Financial Institutions along with reasons thereof:
 There were no transaction requiring disclosure or reporting in respect of matter relating to instance of one time 
settlement with any bank or financial institution.
b. Details of application made or any proceedings pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (31 
of 2016) during the year along with their status as at the end of the financial year:
 During the year no application made or any proceedings pending under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 
2016.
c. There was no revision of Financial Statements and the Board’s Report of the Company during the year under 
review;
50. CAUTIONAR Y STATEMENT 
 Statements in this Directors’ Report and Management Discussion and Analysis Report describing the Company’s 
objectives, projections, estimates, expectations or predictions may be ‘forward-looking statements’ within the meaning 
of applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied. 
Important factors that could make difference to the Company’s operations include raw material availability and its 
prices, cyclical demand and pricing in the Company’s principal markets, changes in Government regulations, Tax 
regimes, economic developments within India and the countries in which the Company conducts business and other 
ancillary factors.
51. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 
 Y our Directors wish to place on record their appreciation, for the contribution made by the employees at all levels 
but for whose hard work, and support, your Company’s achievements would not have been possible. Your Directors 
also wish to thank its customers, dealers, agents, suppliers, investors and bankers for their continued support and faith 
reposed in the Company.
 For  Titan Biotech Limited   for  Titan Biotech Limited
 Sur esh Chand Singla   Nar esh Kumar Singla
 Managing Dir ector  Managing Dir ector
 DIN: 00027706                                                        DIN: 00027448
Date: 03/09/2024
Place: Delhi
=== PAGE 79 ===
73
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Annexure- 1
Form AOC-1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of Section 129 read with rule 5 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of Subsidiaries/Associate Companies/Joint Ventures
Part “A”: Subsidiaries
(Information in respect of each subsidiary to be presented with Amount in Rs.)
S.No. Particulars Details
1 Name of Subsidiary NA
    2 The date since when subsidiary was acquired NA
3 Reporting period for the Subsidiary concerned, if different from the Holding 
Company’s reporting period NA
4 Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last date of the relevant Financial 
Year in the case of foreign subsidiaries NA
5 Share Capital NA
6 Reserve & surplus NA
7 Total assets NA
8 Total Liabilities NA
9 Investments NA
10 Turnover NA
11 Profit before taxation NA
12 Provision for taxation NA
13 Profit after taxation NA
14 Proposed Dividend NA
15 % of shareholding NA
Notes: The following information shall be furnished at the end of the statement:
  1.  Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: N.A
  2.  Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: N.A
.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 80 ===
74
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
 Part “B”: Associates and Joint Ventures
Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures
SNo. Name of Associates Peptech Biosciences Limited Titan Media Ltd.
1 Latest Audited Balance Sheet Date 31st March ,2024 31st March ,2024
   2 Date on which the Associate or Joint 
Venture was associated or acquired
16th February 2022 16th February 2024
3 Shares of Associate held by the 
Company on the year ending 31
st 
March, 2024:
i. No.
ii. Amount of Investments
iii. Extent of Holding%
44,24,990 Equity Shares
Rs. 678.75 Lakhs
36.87%
33,90,610 Equity Shares
Rs. 203.44 Lakhs
32.29%
4 Description of how there is significant 
influence
Holding more than 20% of 
Equity Share Capital
Holding more than 20% of 
Equity Share Capital
5 Reason why the Associate is not 
consolidated
NA NA
6 Net worth attributable to Shareholding 
as per latest audited Balance Sheet
Rs. 4,693.38 Lakhs Rs. 600.98 Lakhs
7 Profit / Loss for the year
i. Considered in Consolidation
ii. Not Considered in Consolidation
Rs. 283.96 Lakhs
Nil
Rs. 43.78 Lakhs
Nil
3. Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations.: N.A
2. Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year.: N.A
Note: This Form is to be certified in the same manner in which the Balance Sheet is to be certified.
By Order of the Board
For Titan Biotech Limited                                                     
Naresh Kumar Singla Sur esh Chand Singla  Charanjit Singh          Pr em Shankar Gupta
Managing Director Managing Dir ector        Company Secr etary      Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 00027448 DIN: 00027706               M. No: A12726
For A N S K & Associates                                                                                                                        
Chartered Accountants 
FRN: 026177N
Akhil Mittal
Partner
M.No:  517856
Place: Delhi
Date: 29/05/2024
UDIN- 24517856BKHCCJ8506
=== PAGE 81 ===
75
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Annexure- 2
TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED
FORM-A
Disclosures of particulars with respect to Conservation of Energy.
1. CONSERV ATION OF ENERGY
i. In Order to save power the Company continued to install LED Lights in place of Normal Lights.
ii. Installed energy efficient pumps in place existing traditional pumps.
2. IMPACT OF ABOVE MEASURES:
Implementation of Energy Conservation measures have resulted –
i. In reduction of energy cost and thereby production cost.
ii.  In the increase of awareness in the employees.
3. Steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate sources of energy:
The Company has taken adequate steps and have tried generation of electricity through Generator, Coal and LDO. 
Disclosures of particulars with respect to Conservation of Energy.
A. POWER AND FUEL CONSUMPTION
PARTICULAR CURRENT YEAR 
31.03.2024
PREVIOUS YEAR 
31.03.2023
1.  Electricity
a)         Purchased
            Unit
            Total Amount (in Rs.)
            Rate/ Unit (in Rs.)
   b)         Own Generation
Through Diesel Generator
Units
Units per Ltr. of Diesel
Cost/Unit (in Rs.)
c)        Through steam turbine/ Generator Units
Units per Ltr.
Fuel oil/gas (in Ltrs.)
Cost/Unit (in Rs.)
2710205
25823657.18
9.53
 15290
 5.50
 19.01
 0
 0
 0
 2215449
 20212314.82
 9.12
 10450
 5.50
 17.46
 0
 0
 0
2.  Coal
Quantity (Tonnes)
Total Cost (in Rs.)
Average rate per ton (in Rs.)
0
0
0
913.55
16960736.30
18565.74
CONSUMPTION PER UNIT OF PRODUCTION
S. No.   Units of Products             Current Year Previous Year
1. Electricity Units/kg 9.53 9.12
2. Coal Units/kg - 18.20
3. Bio Briquetts Units/ton 7097.86 7700.45
4. LDO Units/kg - -
5. PNG Gas Unit/kg 66.16 70.50
B. TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
 The efforts made by the company in Technology Absorption is as per Form- B
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 82 ===
76
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
FORM- B
Disclosures of particulars with respect to Technology Absorption Research and Development (R&D)
1. Specific ar eas in which R & D carried out by the Company
Development activities of the Company are directed towards Energy conservation, Pollution Control, Quality Improvement 
and Process Improvement in the Existing Manufacturing System.
2. Benefit Derived as a r esult of the above R & D:
I. The Company Has been able to produce quality Biological products confirming to international Standards.
II. Cost effectiveness and cost consciousness.
III. Improvement in specific consumption of energy.
IV . Environment protection measures have been given excellent results.
3. Futur e plans of action:
The Company has planned to cover the following areas under the R & D activities:-
I. To provide complete basic facilities in carrying out basic and applied results relating to Biotechnology Industry.
II. Such facilities will include product approach, analytical aspects of raw material used and intermediates
III. Product innovations, process development/ improvement through latest available worldwide technologies.
IV . Constant efforts towards cost effectiveness means of packaging acceptance in the world market.
4. Expenditur e on R & D
Particular Current Year Previous Year
a) Capital - -
b) Recurring 1317707.74 967006.68
c) Total 1317707.74 967006.68
d) Total R & D Expenditure as a percentage of total turnover 0.08 0.07
Technology Absorption, Adoption and Innovation:
(1) The Company is endeavoring to bring in latest technologies for introducing new molecules.
(2) Benefits derived as a result of the above efforts e.g. product improvement, cost reduction, product development etc.
The Company has developed its own technology for achieving high yield in Biological Peptones and Extract and 
Dehydrated Culture Media with special emphasis on process improvement.
(3) Imported technology (Imported during last 5 years reckoned from the beginning of financial year):The Company 
has not imported any technology.
B. Foreign Exchange Earning and Outgo
(a) Activities relating to exports, Initiative taken to increase exports, development of new markets for 
products and export plans: Company actively participate in various international exhibitions and 
conferences. Company representative as authorized by Board or any agreement (formal or informal) 
pay visit to foreign countries time to time for promotion purpose.  
(b) Total Foreign Exchange Earned :  Rs. 5208.41 Lacs
(c) Total Foreign Exchange Used :  Rs. 1555.27 Lacs
For Titan Biotech Limited 
Suresh Chand Singla Nar esh Kumar Singla
Managing Director Managing Dir ector
DIN: 00027706 DIN: 00027448
Date: 03/09/2024       
Place: Delhi
=== PAGE 83 ===
77
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Annexure-3
Annual Report on CSR Activities
1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company .
 The CSR activities undertaken are within the broad framework of Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013. Details of 
the CSR policy and activities undertaken by the Company are available on links given below:  https://titanbiotechltd.
com/investor/ 
 2. Composition of CSR Committee:
 
Sl. 
No.
Name of Director Designation / Nature of 
Directorship
Number of meetings 
of CSR Committee 
held during the year
Number of meetings 
of CSR Committee 
attended during the 
year
    1  Rohit Jain Chairman
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
2 2
    2  Naresh Kumar Singla Member,
Executive Director 2 2
    3 Abhishek Agarwal * Member,
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
2 1
   4  Rekha Dalmia   # Member,
Independent Non-Executive 
Director
2 1
Note: *  Mr. Abhishek Agarwal, Independent Director has been appointed as the Member of the Committee w.e.f. July 
28, 2023. After joining the committee as a member only 1 meeting was held.
# Mrs. Rekha Dalmia has resigned from the Board and Committee membership w.e.f  July 25, 2023. During her 
remaining tenure in the financial year only 1 meeting was held.
3. Pr ovide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the 
board are disclosed on the website of the company.
 Composition of the CSR committee shared above and is available on the Company’s website on https://
titanbiotechltd.com/company-profile/ 
 CSR Policy: https://titanbiotechltd.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/Corporate-Social-Responsibility-Policy.pdf 
 CSR Projects/Activities: https://titanbiotechltd.com/investor/ 
 4. Pr ovide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in 
pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable. Not applicable
 5. (a)   A verage net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135:
          Rs. 31,94,88,635.76/-
 (b)  Two percent of average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135:
           2% Average net profit of the Company for last three financial years is Rs. 63,89,772.715/-
(c)  Surplus arising out of the CSR Pr ojects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years. N.A.
(d)  Amount r equired to be set-off for the financial year, if any: N.A.
(e)  T otal CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)]. Rs. 63,89,772.715 /-
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 84 ===
78
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
6. (a)  Amount spent on CSR Pr ojects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project): Rs. 63,90,000/-
 (b)  Amount spent in Administrative overheads: Nil
 ( c)  Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: N.A
 (d)  T otal amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]: Rs. 63,90,000/-
 (e )  CSR amount spent or  unspent for the financial year: N.A
 
Total Amount 
Spent for the 
Financial Year. 
(in Rs.)
Amount Unspent (in Rs.)
Total Amount transferred to 
Unspent CSR Account as per 
section 135(6).
Amount transferred to any fund specified under 
Schedule VII as per second proviso to section 
135(5).
Amount. Date of 
transfer.
Name of the 
Fund
Amount. Date of 
transfer.
63,90,000 Nil Not Applicable Not Applicable Nil Not Applicable
   (f)  Excess amount for  set off, if any
Sl. No. Particular Amount (in Rs.)
(1) (2) (3)
(i) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) N.A
(ii) Total amount spent for the Financial Year N.A
(iii) Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)] N.A
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the 
previous financial years, if any
N.A
(v) Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)] N.A
 7. Details of Unspent CSR amount for  the preceding three financial years :  Not Applicable
  
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
Sl. 
No.
Preceding 
Financial 
Year(s)
Amount 
transferred to 
Unspent CSR 
Account under 
sub-section (6) 
of section 135 
(in Rs.)
Balance Amount 
in Unspent CSR 
Account under 
sub-section (6) 
of section 135 
(in Rs.)
Amount 
Spent in the 
Financial 
Year (in Rs)
Amount transferred 
to a Fund as specified 
under Schedule VII 
as per second proviso 
to sub-section (5) of 
section 135, if any
Amount 
remaining to 
be spent in 
succeeding 
Financial Years 
(in Rs)
Deficiency, 
if any
Amount 
(in Rs)
Date of 
Transfer
Not Applicable
8. Whether  any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount 
spent in the Financial Year: Not Applicable
9. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per sub-section 
(5) of section 135: Not Applicable
For and on Behalf of
M/S Titan Biotech Limited
Rohit Jain  Nar esh Kumar Singla
Chairman, CSR Committee  Member , CSR Committee/Managing Director
DIN: 07191154   DIN: 00027448
Date: 03/09/2024
Place: Delhi
=== PAGE 85 ===
79
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Annexure-4
ANNEXURE TO THE DIRECTORS REPORT
Statement of Disclosure of Information under Section 197 of Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 5(1) of Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
(i) & (ii) The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director and KMPs  during the financial year 2023-2024 and 
ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of theCompany for the financial 
year 2023-2024are as under
Particulars Remuneration 
ofeach Director /
KMP For 
financial
year 2023-2024
% increase 
(%decrease) 
inRemuneration
in the Financial
Year 2022-23
Ratio of 
Median 
Remuneration
Mr. Suresh Chand Singla, Managing Director 48,00,000 - 22.37:1
Mr. Naresh Kumar Singla, Managing Director 48,00,000 - 22.37:1
Mr. Raja Singla, Whole Time Director* 1,20,00,000 - 55.82:1
Mr. Shivom Singla, Whole Time Director * 60,00,000 NA NA
Mr. Udit Singla, Whole Time Director * 60,00,000 NA NA
Mr. Prem Shankar Gupta, Chief Financial Officer 18,49,455  9.61% 8.61:1
Mr. Charanjit Singh, Company Secretary 22,74,942 6.31% 10.60:1
(*)Mr. Shivom Singla and Mr.Udit Singla has joined the Board on 1st October, 2023 as Whole Time Director. Since the 
remuneration is only for part of the year (either in Current Year or Previous Year), percentage increase in remuneration 
and the ratio of their remuneration tomedian remuneration is not comparable and hence not stated. Also Mr. Raja Singla 
has joined the Board on 1
st October, 2022 as Whole Time Director. Since the remuneration is only for part of the year 
(either in Current Year or Previous Year), percentage increase in remuneration is not comparable and hence not stated.
(ii)  The percen tage increase/decreased in the median remuneration of employees in Financial Year: 8%
(iii)  The no. of permanent emp loyees on the rolls of Company as on 31stMarch, 2024 was 449.
(iv)  A verage Percentage increase/decreased in the salary of employees other than managerial personnel during the financial 
year 2023-2024 was 90.38% (Company’s employees, excluding Key Managerial Personnel. Further, the average 
percentage increase / (decrease) in salary of the KMP was 2.21%).The Average increase in every year was an outcome 
of Company’s market competitiveness as against its peer group companies. In keeping with our reward policy and 
benchmarking results, the increase this year reflects the market practice.
(v)  It is hereby  affirmed that the remuneration paid during the year is as per remuneration policy of the Company.
(vi)  There was no employee who was in receipt of remuneration above limits provided in Rule 5 of Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules 2014 or above remuneration paid to the Managing Director or 
Whole Time Director of Company.
For Titan Biotech Limited 
Suresh Chand Singla Nar esh Kumar Singla
Managing Director                                       Managing Director
DIN: 00027706 DIN: 00027448
Date: 03/09/2024       
Place: Delhi
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 86 ===
80
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
From No. MR-3
Secretarial Audit Report
For the Financial Year Ended 31st March, 2024
[ Pursuant to section 204(1) of the companies Act, 2013 and rule No.9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
Titan Biotech Limited
CIN: L74999RJ1992PLC013387
A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III, 
Bhiwadi-301019, Rajasthan 
I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by Titan Biotech Limited (hereinafter called “the company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a 
manner that provided me a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliance and expressing our 
opinion thereon. 
Based on my verification of the Company’s books, papers, minutes books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained 
by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officer and authorized representatives during the 
conduct of secretarial audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, the Company has during the audit period covering the 
Financial Year ended 31
st March, 2024, compiled with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company 
has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting 
made hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, minutes books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for 
the financial year ended on 31
st March, 2024 according to the provisions of: 
 1. The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;
 2. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
 3. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-Laws framed thereunder;
4. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made there under to the extent of Foreign 
Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings;
5. The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 
1992 (‘SEBI Act’) :- 
a. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 
2011; 
b. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015.
c. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2009.
d. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employees Benefits) Regulations, 2014. Not 
Applicable
e. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulation, 2008. Not 
Applicable
f. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
=== PAGE 87 ===
81
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client to the extent of securities issued. 
Not Applicable
g. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009. Not 
Applicable
h. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-Back of Securities) Regulations, 1998. Not Applicable
6. Laws specifically applicable to the industry to which the Company belongs, as identified by the 
management, that is to say:
a. Payment of Wages Act, 1936, and rules made thereunder
b. The Minimum Wages Act, 1948, and rules made thereunder;
c. Employees’ Sate Insurance Act, 1948 and rules made thereunder;
d. The Employees Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 and rules 
made thereunder;
e. The Payment of Bonus Act, 1965 and rules made thereunder;
f. Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 and rules made thereunder;
g. Factory Act, 1948 and Rules made thereunder;
h. Food Safety and Standard Act, 2006 and along with Food Safety and Standards Rules 2011 and including 
amendment thereof;
i. The Legal Metrology Act, 2009;
j. The Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 2011;
k. Applicable BIS Standard for various categories and production process;
l. The Maternity Benefits Act, 1961;
m. Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act,1970;
n. The Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 (read with Air (Prevention and Control of 
Pollution) Rules, 1982;
o. The Noise Pollution (Regulation and Control)Rules, 2000;
p. The Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 (read with Water (Prevention and Control of 
Pollution) Rules, 1975;
q. The Hazardous Waste (Management, Handling and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2008;
r. The Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 (read with The Environment (Protection) Rules, 1986;
s. The Equal Remuneration Act, 1976 and rules made thereunder if any;
t. The Apprentices Act, 1961and rules made thereunder if any;
u. The Employees/Workman’s Compensation Act, 1923 and rules made thereunder if any;
v. The Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986and rules made thereunder if any;
w. The Industrial Disputes Act, 1947and rules made thereunder if any;
x. The Indian Boilers Act,1923and rules made thereunder if any;
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 88 ===
82
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
y. Foreign Trade (Development and Regulation) Act, 1992 together with the Foreign Trade Policy;
z. Drugs and Cosmetics Act 1940 and rules made thereunder;
aa. Customs Act, 1962 and rules made thereunder;
ab. Customs Tariff Act, 1975 and rules made thereunder;
ac. Import and Exports (Control) Act, 1947.
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clause that:
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India;
(ii) SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 have been complied with and 
documents filed with BSE Limited where shares of company are listed;
(iii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2009;
(iv) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 
2011; 
(v) Other Securities and Exchange Board of India Regulations, Guidelines, Rules etc. which are applicable to 
the Company.
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive 
Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during 
the period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were 
sent at least seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications 
on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
Majority decision is carried through while the dissenting members’ views, if any, are captured and recorded as part of 
the minutes. However, no such case has arisen during the period under review.
I further report that, there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and 
operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
During the period under review, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, Rules, 
Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above except some forms or information or documents under the 
Companies Act and Rules or made thereunder have been filed late. The Company is one of the leading The Company is 
one of the leading manufacturers & exporters of the biological products which are used in the field of Pharmaceutical, 
Nutraceuticals, Food & Beverages, Biotechnology & Fermentation, Cosmetic, Veterinary & animal Feed, Agriculture 
Industries and Microbiology Culture Media & Plant Tissue Culture Media etc.
7. I have relied on the information and representation made by the Company and its Officers for Systems and 
mechanism formed by the Company for Compliance under applicable Acts, Laws and Regulations to the 
Company.
8. We further report that 
 (a) The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, 
Non-Executive Directors and independent Directors.
 (b) Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on 
=== PAGE 89 ===
83
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
agenda were sent at least seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at 
the Meeting.
 (c) Majority decision is carried through while the dissenting members views are captured and recorded as part 
of the minutes.
 (d) I/We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with 
the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidelines. 
 (e) Company has complied with all the Compliance of Companies Act, 2013, but there were few instances 
of delay in filing of forms with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs/Investor Education & Protection Fund 
Authority which were regularized by payment of late filing fee.
 (f) Company has declared and paid dividend and necessary compliance of the Companies Act and Listing 
Regulations has been completed.
 (g) I further report that the Company has done all reporting to stock exchange in time and has published all 
the required notices and results in newspaper in accordance with Listing Regulations.
9. I further report that during the audit period no specific events/ actions took place having a major bearing on the 
Company’s affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc.
10. As informed, the Company has responded appropriately to notices received from various statutory/ regulatory 
authorities including initiating actions for corrective measures, wherever found necessary.
11. We further report that –
 The Company has complied with the maintenance of the Structured Digital Database (SDD) as Required to be 
maintained under Regulation 3 (5) and 3(6) of The SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015. 
We further Report that the Company has also submitted SDD Compliance Certificate as required to the Stock 
Exchanges.
12. We further report that during the audit period:
A) There was no change in Company Office Address.
B) The members of the Company at its Annual General Meeting held on 30th September, 2023 passed by the 
following Resolutions-
 (i)   To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements (standalone and consolidated 
financial statements) for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2023 and the Report of the Auditors and 
Directors thereon;
(ii) To declare dividend on equity share of the Company;
iii) To Appoint A Director In Place Of Mrs. Manju Singla (Din No. 00027790), Who Retires By Rotation At 
This Annual General Meeting, And Being Eligible, Offers Herself For Reappointment.
(iv) To Appoint Director In Place Of Mr. Raja Singla (DIN NO. 03523719), Who Retires By Rotation At This 
Annual General Meeting, And Being Eligible, Offers Himself For Reappointment.
(v) Ratification Of Remuneration To Cost Auditors For FY 2023-24
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 90 ===
84
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
(vi) Authorization For Loans Etc.;
(vii) Ratification Of Remuneration To Cost Auditors For FY 2022-23
(viii) Approval For Related Party Transactions To Be Entered Into By The Company;
(ix) Appointment Of Mr. Shivom Singla (DIN: 03615519) As Whole Time Director Of The Company;
(x) Regularization Of Appointment Of Mr. Abhishek Agarwal (DIN: 07286832) As An Independent Non-
Executive Director
(xi) Appointment Of Mr. Udit Singla (DIN: 03526575) As Whole Time Director Of The Company
(xii) Appointment Of Mr. Dhairya Madan (DIN: 10284820) As An Independent Non-Executive Director
(xiii) Appointment Of Mr. Brijesh Kumar Singh (DIN: 10297977) As An Independent Nonexecutive Director.
 Further, during the audit period, there were no instances of:
a) Public/Rights/Preferential Issue of Shares/Debentures/Sweat Equity Shares.  
b) Redemption of Securities.
c) Merger/ Amalgamation/Reconstruction.
d) Foreign Technical Collaborations.
 
Amit Anand
Practicing Company Secretary
ACS-13409
CP No.-17101
UDIN: A013409F000906290
Peer Review Certificate No.:1970/2022
Date: 06/08/2024                                           
Note: This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as ‘ANNEXURE A’ and forms an 
integral part of this report
=== PAGE 91 ===
85
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
ANNEXURE TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT ISSUED BY COMPANY
SECRETARY IN PRACTICE 
To,
The Members,
Titan Biotech Limited
CIN: L74999RJ1992PLC013387
A-902A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III, 
Bhiwadi-301019, Rajasthan 
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1.  Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to 
express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2.  We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the 
correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts 
are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis 
for our opinion.
3.  W e have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.
4.  Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and 
regulations and happening of events etc.
5.  The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the 
responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6.  The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
 
Amit Anand
Practicing Company Secretary
ACS-13409
CP No.-17101
UDIN: A013409F000906290
Peer Review Certificate No.:1970/2022
Date: 06/08/2024                                         
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 92 ===
86
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
SECRETARIAL COMPLIANCE REPORT OF TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED 
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2024
I, Amit Anand have conducted the review of the compliance of the applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by Titan Biotech Limited (hereinafter referred as ‘the listed entity’), having its Registered Office at A-902 
A, RIICO. Indl. Area Phase-III, Bhiwadi Rajasthan 301019 Secretarial Review was conducted in a manner that provided us a 
reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on my verification of the Titan Biotech Limited books, papers, minutes books, forms and returns filed and other 
records maintained by the Titan Biotech Limited and also the information provided by the Titan Biotech Limited, its officers, 
agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Review, we hereby report that in our opinion, the 
Titan Biotech Limited has, during the review period covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2024, complied with 
the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Titan Biotech Limited has proper Board processes and compliance 
mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
I, Amit Anand, Practicing Company Secretary have examined:
(a) all the documents and records made available to us and explanation provided by Titan Biotech Limited (“the listed 
entity”),
(b) the filings/ submissions made by the Titan Biotech Limited to the stock exchanges,
(c) website of the Titan Biotech Limited,
(d) any other document/ filing, as may be relevant, which has been relied upon to make this certification, for the year ended 
31
st March, 2024 (“Review Period”) in respect of compliance with the provisions of :
(a) the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (“SEBI Act”) and the Regulations, circulars,  
guidelines issued thereunder; and
(b) the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (“SCRA”), rules made thereunder and the Regulations, circulars, 
guidelines issued thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”);
The specific Regulations, whose provisions and the circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder, have been examined, include:-
(a) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;
(b) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018; (Not 
applicable to the company during the review period)
(c) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
(d) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not applicable to the company 
during the review period)
(e) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021; (Not 
applicable to the company during the review period)
(f) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008; (Not applicable to 
the company during the review period)
(g) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021; (Not 
applicable to the company during the review period)
(h) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; and circulars/ guidelines 
issued thereunder;
I/We hereby report that, during the Review Period the compliance status of the listed entity is appended as below:
=== PAGE 93 ===
87
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Sr. No. Particulars Compliance 
Status (Yes/No/
NA)
Observations/ 
Remarks by PCS
1. Secretarial Standards:
The compliances of the listed entity are in accordance with the 
applicable Secretarial Standards (SS) issued by the Institute 
of Company Secretaries India (ICSI),as notified by the Central 
Government under section 118(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
mandatorily applicable.
YES
2. Adoption and timely updation of the Policies:
l All applicable policies under SEBI Regulations are adopted 
with the approval of board of directors of the listed entities
l All the policies are in conformity with SEBI Regulations and 
have been reviewed & updated on time, as per the regulations/
circulars/guidelines issued by SEBI
YES
3. Maintenance and disclosures on Website:
l The Listed entity is maintaining a functional
website
l Timely dissemination of the documents/ information under a 
separate section on the website
l Web-links provided in annual corporate governance reports 
under Regulation 27(2) are accurate and specific which re- 
directs to the relevant document(s)/section of the website
YES
4. Disqualification of Director:
None of the Director(s) of the Company is/ are disqualified under 
Section 164 of Companies Act, 2013as confirmed by the listed entity.
YES
5. Details related to Subsidiaries of listed entities have been examined 
w.r.t.:
(a) Identification of material subsidiary companies
(b) Disclosure requirement of material as well as other 
subsidiaries
NA Company have not any 
subsidiary during the 
review period
6. Preservation of Documents:
The listed entity is preserving and maintaining records as prescribed 
under SEBI Regulations and disposal of records as per Policy of 
Preservation of Documents and Archival policy prescribed under 
SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015.
YES
7. Performance Evaluation:
The listed entity has conducted performance evaluation of the Board, 
Independent Directors and the Committees at the start of every financial 
year/during the financial year as prescribed in SEBI Regulations. YES
8. Related Party Transactions:
(a) The listed entity has obtained prior approval of Audit Committee 
for all related party transactions; or
(b) The listed entity has provided detailed reasons along with 
confirmation whether the transactions were subsequently 
approved/ratified/rejected by the Audit Committee, in case no 
prior approval has been obtained.
YES
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 94 ===
88
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
9. Disclosure of events or information:
The listed entity has provided all the required disclosure(s) under 
Regulation 30 along with Schedule III of SEBI LODR Regulations, 
2015 within the time limits prescribed thereunder.
YES
10. Prohibition of Insider Trading:
The listed entity is in compliance with Regulation 3(5) & 3(6) SEBI 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015.
YES
11. Actions taken by SEBI or Stock Exchange(s), if any:
No action(s) has been taken against the listed entity/ its promoters/ 
directors/ subsidiaries either by SEBI or by Stock Exchanges 
(including under the Standard Operating Procedures issued by SEBI 
through various circulars) under SEBI Regulations and circulars/ 
guidelines issued thereunder except as provided under separate 
paragraph herein (**).
         YES
12. Additional Non-compliances, if any:
No additional non-compliance observed for any SEBI
regulation/circular/guidance note etc.
      YES
Compliances related to resignation of statutory auditors from listed entities and their material subsidiaries as per SEBI Circular 
CIR/CFD/CMD1/114/2019 dated 18th October, 2019:
Sr.
No.
Particulars Compliance 
Status (Yes/No/ 
NA)
Observations/ 
Remarks by PCS
1. Compliances with the following conditions while appointing/re-appointing an auditor
i. If the auditor has resigned within 45 days from the end of a 
quarter of a financial year, the auditor before such resignation, 
has issued the limited review/ audit report for such quarter; 
or
ii. If the auditor has resigned after 45 days from the end of a 
quarter of a financial year, the auditor before such resignation, 
has issued the limited review/ audit report for such quarter as 
well as the next quarter; or
iii. If the auditor has signed the limited review/ audit report for 
the first three quarters of a financial year, the auditor before 
such resignation, has issued the limited review/ audit report 
for the last quarter of such financial year as well as the audit 
report for such financial year.
       NA
  NA
 NA
No such event during the 
review period
No such event during the 
review period
No such event during the 
review period
2. Other conditions relating to resignation of statutory auditor
=== PAGE 95 ===
89
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
i. Reporting of concerns by Auditor with respect to the listed entity/
its material subsidiary to the Audit Committee:
a. In case of any concern with the management of the listed entity/
material subsidiary such as non-availability of information / 
non- cooperation by the management which has hampered the 
audit process, the auditor has approached the Chairman of the 
Audit Committee of the listed entity and the Audit Committee 
shall receive such concern directly and immediately without 
specifically waiting for the quarterly Audit Committee meetings.
      
NA
No such event during the 
review period
b. In case the auditor proposes to resign, all concerns with respect to 
the proposed resignation, along with relevant documents has been 
brought to the notice of the Audit Committee. In cases where 
the proposed resignation is due to non-receipt of information / 
explanation from the company, the auditor has informed the 
Audit Committee the details of information/ explanation sought 
and not provided by the                    management, as applicable.
NA No such event during the 
review period
c. The Audit Committee / Board of Directors, as the case may be, 
deliberated on the matter on receipt of such information from the 
auditor relating to the proposal to resign as mentioned above and 
communicate its views to the management and the auditor.
NA No such event during the 
review period
ii. Disclaimer in case of non-receipt of information:
The auditor has provided an appropriate disclaimer in its audit report, 
which is in accordance with the Standards of Auditing as specified 
by ICAI / NFRA, in case where the listed entity/ its material 
subsidiary has not provided information as required by the auditor.
      
NA
No such event during the 
review period
    3. The listed entity has obtained information from the Auditor upon 
resignation, in the format as specified in Annexure- A in SEBI Circular 
CIR/ CFD/CMD1/114/2019 dated 18th October, 2019.
NA No such event during the 
review period
a) The listed entity has complied with the provisions of the above Regulations and circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder, 
except in respect of matters specified below:
Sr.
No.
Com- 
pliance 
Require- 
ment 
(Regu- 
lations/ 
circulars/ 
guide- 
lines 
including 
specific 
clause)
Regu- 
lation/ 
Circular 
No.
Deviations Action 
Taken 
by
Type of 
Action
Details 
of Vio- 
lation
Fine 
Amount
Obser- 
vations/ 
Re- 
marks 
of the 
Prac- 
ticing 
Compa- 
ny Sec- 
retary
Man- 
age- 
ment 
Re- 
sponse
Re- 
marks
NONE
b) The listed entity has taken the following actions to comply with the observations made in previous reports:
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 96 ===
90
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Sr.
No.
Com- 
pliance 
Require- 
ment 
(Regu- 
lations/ 
circulars/ 
guide- 
lines 
including 
specific 
clause)
Regu- 
lation/ 
Circular 
No.
Deviations Action 
Taken by
Type 
of Ac-
tion
Details of 
Viola- tion
Fine 
Amount
Ob- ser-
va- tions/ 
Re- marks 
of the 
Prac- tic-
ing Com- 
pany 
Secre- tary
Man- age- 
ment Re- 
sponse
Re- 
marks
NONE
Assumptions & Limitation of scope and Review:
1. Compliance of the applicable laws and ensuring the authenticity of documents and information furnished, are the 
responsibilities of the management of the listed entity.
2. My responsibility is to certify based upon my examination of relevant documents and information. This is neither an 
audit nor an expression of opinion.
3. W e have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial Records and Books of Accounts of the listed entity.
4. This Report is solely for the intended purpose of compliance in terms of Regulation 24A (2) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the 
listed entity nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the listed entity.
Place: Delhi            Signature:
Date: 30/04/2024   Name of the Practicing Company Secretary
     Amit Anand
     ACS No. 13409
     CP  No. : 17101
                                                                                                  UDIN : A013409F000278454
     PR No.: 1970/2022
=== PAGE 97 ===
91
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW
 Global Economics
In 2023, the global economy demonstrated unexpected resilience amid diverse regional conditions. According to the 
International Monetary Fund (IMF), global growth stabilized at a modest 3.2%, despite escalating geopolitical tensions, 
heightened inflation, sustained high interest rates, and volatility in energy and food prices. Notably, the Red Sea crisis 
prompted a significant redirection of global trade routes, impacting shipping logistics and costs as vessels avoided a route 
critical for 12% of global maritime trade. This disruption underscored vulnerabilities in global supply chains.
On a positive note, several emerging markets exceeded growth expectations in 2023. The US economy notably rebounded, 
bolstered by robust private consumption, effective management of potential banking crises, a tight labor market, and rising 
wages, leading to a GDP growth increase from 1.9% in 2022 to 2.5% in 2023. Conversely, the Euro Area navigated challenges 
from the prolonged Russia-Ukraine conflict, tight monetary policies, energy price fluctuations, and fiscal adjustments, 
avoiding recession despite a slight GDP contraction of 0.4%.
China's economy expanded to 5.2% in 2023 from 3.0% in 2022, though challenges in the real estate sector and subdued 
demand tempered growth. Meanwhile, global electricity demand rose by 2.2% in 2023, driven by strong growth in China 
and India, while advanced economies experienced declines due to subdued economic conditions and high inflation impacting 
manufacturing and industrial outputs.
Global inflation moderated from 8.7% in 2022 to 6.8% in 2023, yet core inflation persisted, prompting expectations for 
gradual declines. Advanced economies approached their inflation targets sooner than emerging markets, supporting optimism 
for improved financial conditions and monetary policy frameworks.
(Source: IMF Economic Outlook, April 2024)
Outlook
The Reserve Bank of India's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) projects global growth to remain steady in 2024. The 
IMF forecasts a global growth of 3.2% for both 2024 and 2025. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) forecasts global 
growth to stabilize at levels similar to the previous year, reflecting a balanced global economy as monetary policies adjust. 
However, 2024 is expected to bring divergent growth patterns across economies, particularly in major developed ones. The 
US economy is projected to maintain stability, contrasting with uncertain prospects in the Euro Zone. In China, efforts to pivot 
towards domestic consumption have yielded limited results despite ongoing experimentation. Meanwhile, developing Asian 
economies are poised for accelerated growth, while the Middle East, North Africa, and Sub-Saharan Africa anticipate more 
modest economic expansion. These varied trajectories underscore the importance of vigilance and adaptability in navigating 
the complexities of the global economic landscape.
 
 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 98 ===
92
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Domestic Economic 
Real GDP has been estimated to grow by 8.2% in FY 2023-24 as compared to the growth rate of 7.0% in FY 2022-23. 
Nominal GDP has witnessed a growth rate of 9.6% in FY 2023-24 over the  growth rate of 14.2% in FY 2022-23.
Real GV A has grown by 7.2% in 2023-24 over 6.7% in 2022-23. This GV A growth has been mainly due to significant growth 
of 9.9% in Manufacturing sector in 2023-24 over -2.2% in 2022-23 and growth of 7.1% in 2023-24 over 1.9% in 2022-23 for 
Mining & Quarrying sector.
Real GV A and Real GDP have been estimated to grow by 6.3% and 7.8% respectively in Q4 of FY 2023-24. Growth rates in 
Nominal GV A and Nominal GDP for Q4 of FY 2023-24 have been estimated at 8.0% and 9.9% respectively.
Real GDP or GDP at Constant Prices is estimated to attain a level of `173.82 lakh crore in the year 2023-24, against the First 
Revised Estimates (FRE) of GDP for the year 2022-23 of `160.71 lakh crore. The growth rate in Real GDP during 2023-24 
is estimated at 8.2% as compared to 7.0% in 2022-23. Nominal GDP or GDP at Current Prices is estimated to attain a level of  
` 295.36 lakh crore in the year 2023-24, against ` 269.50 lakh crore in 2022-23, showing a growth rate of 9.6%.
(
Source: Ministry of Statistics & Programme Implementation_PIB)
In FY 2023-24, India successfully curbed inflation, a challenge still plaguing many advanced economies. The country's 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation rate eased to 5.69% (provisional) in December 2023 from 5.72% in December 2022. 
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) maintained a steady policy repo rate of 6.50% in its efforts to stabilize inflation and 
stimulate economic growth. Additionally, India's per capita Net National Income (NNI) at constant prices grew by 6.08%, 
rising from 98,374 in FY 2022-23 to 1,04,550 in FY 2023-24. This increase in disposable incomes has spurred heightened 
household consumption in both urban and rural areas, thereby boosting demand across various sectors.
Outlook
India's economic prospects are optimistic, underpinned by demographic advantages, enhancements in physical and digital 
infrastructure, increased capital investments, and proactive policy initiatives such as the Production Linked Incentive (PLI) 
Schemes. According to the IMF, India is projected to sustain a steady economic expansion, with a growth rate of 6.5% 
expected in 2024.
1  IMF , April 2024 World Economic Outlook.
=== PAGE 99 ===
93
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
In the midst of a challenging global economic landscape, India continues to forge ahead with robust economic growth driven 
by ongoing reforms in critical sectors such as healthcare, energy, and MSMEs. A substantial cycle of public and private 
investments, coupled with strong domestic consumption, underpins this momentum. Despite inflation hovering above the 
monetary authority's target levels, expectations of a favorable monsoon season offer prospects for stabilization. 
Against this dynamic economic backdrop, the banking sector and rapidly evolving fintech industry are poised to extend 
financial inclusion to underserved segments, fostering manufacturing, job creation, income growth, and increased infrastructure 
investments. India is well positioned to deepen its involvement in global value chains through continued policy reforms, 
nurturing vertical markets during a sustained growth phase. The influx of foreign direct investment (FDI) and expansion 
of digital infrastructure are expected to create an enabling environment. India's appeal extends beyond its strong domestic 
consumption potential, now also recognized as a hub offering advanced technological skills to meet the evolving needs of 
global players across diverse sectors.
INDUSTRY STRUCTURE & DEVELOPMENT
Global Biotechnology Industry
 The Asia-Pacific is estimated to hit growth rate of over 12.7% during the forecast period. The improvement of healthcare 
infrastructure, clinical trial services, and supportive government regulations are all contributing to the Asia-Pacific 
biotechnology market growth. Asia Pacific is the fast growing market in this sector. Moreover, the international market 
players are partnering actively with local companies in order to accelerate the biotechnology market’s growth.
The global biotechnology market size was estimated at USD 1.38 trillion in 2023 and is expected to be worth around USD 
4.25 trillion by 2033 and poised to grow at a noteworthy CAGR of 11.8% from 2024 to 2033. 
 (Source: Precedence research)
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 100 ===
94
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Indian Biotechnology Industry
India is among the Top 12 destinations for biotechnology worldwide and 3rd largest destination for biotechnology in Asia 
Pacific. India’s Bio Economy has crossed an estimated $130 Bn in the year 2024 and has witnessed a many fold increase in 
valuation in the past eleven years, with COVID-19 giving the industry a much-needed push. Today, India is poised as one of 
the leading destinations for bio innovation and bio manufacturing, and hence is identified as a sunrise sector and a key part of 
India’s vision of reaching a $5 Tn Economy by 2024. 

=== PAGE 101 ===
95
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
US $130 Bn         
Indian bio-economy Industry is 
valued in 2023
 US $150 Bn by 2025
US $270-300 Bn by     2030
the Indian Bio-economy Industry is targeted to reach
Valued at $137 Bn in 2023, the Indian Bio economy Industry is targeted to reach $150 Bn by 2025 and $300 Bn by 2030. 
Nearly INR 4,500 Cr has been raised as follow on funding by 150 startups.
The growth of the Indian biotechnology sector is fueled by rising demand at both a domestic and international levels. The 
rise in domestic demand is fueled by initiatives such as Aatmanirbhar Bharat and Make In India, while overseas demand for 
Indian vaccines and biopharmaceuticals is due to the globally competitive efficacy of Indian products. India exports vaccines 
to over 150 countries and is a leading destination for contract manufacturing and clinical trials. In order to contain healthcare 
costs, companies are leveraging generics and biosimilars, and India has poised itself as a hub to deliver affordable access to 
innovative and inclusive healthcare solutions. India has about 3% share in the global biotechnology industry.
In the Interim Budget 2024-25, the Department of Biotechnology (DBT) was allotted Rs. 2,251.52 crore (US$ 271 million).
Projections suggest that the Bio Economy in India will experience steady growth, reaching an estimated value of US$ 241.3 
billion by 2030. Optimistic forecasts anticipate even greater expansion, potentially reaching US$ 330.7 billion, demonstrating 
a CAGR of 12%.There are a total of 6,756 biotech startups in India in 2022.
▪ India’s bio-economy industry has grown from US$ 10 billion in 2015 to US$ 130 billion in 2024.
▪ The Indian biotechnology industry is likely to reach US$ 150 billion by 2025 and has the potential to reach US$ 270-300 
billion by the year 2030.
▪ By 2025, the contribution of the Indian biotechnology industry in the global biotechnology market is expected to increase 
to ~19%.
In the Interim Budget 2024-25, the Department of Biotechnology (DBT) was allotted US$ 271 million (Rs. 2,251.52 crore).
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 102 ===
96
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
PRODUCT WISE PERFORMANCE/SEGMENT WISE
The Company has only one segment and primarily engaged in the business of Biological Products. As the Company’s business 
activity falls within a single primary business segment.
The revenue break-up by Geography is provided below:
During the year, revenue from Domestic Operation has increased by 7.80 % and revenue from Overseas Operation has 
increased by 27.81%.
The company has started exporting to some new countries during the year.
(Source IBEF)

=== PAGE 103 ===
97
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
OUTLOOK
The outlook of the Biotechnology sector is quite good in the last year and continues to be good presently also. Biotech is 
among one of the sectors, which have highlighted the profile of the country in the last decade. At the beginning of the decade 
itself, this industry began to take shape with the sprouting of dozens of start-up companies as well as diversification of major 
pharmacy players by setting up biotech divisions to focus on this segment. With the country offering great comparative 
advantages in terms of skills, knowledge, expertise, cost effectiveness, the Outlook of the Industry looks very positive.
RISK AND CONCERN
Organizations can create sustainable value for its stakeholders by effectively managing the risks they are willing to take, 
be it at a strategic, financial or operational. Therefore, identifying, analyzing and promptly managing risks is critical from 
a Corporate Governance standpoint to enable an organization to attain its strategic objectives and protect the interest of its 
stakeholders.
Risks can be categorized as financial, customer concentration operational, strategic, regulatory/statutory, reputational, geo-
political, catastrophic/pandemic.
The major risk is frequent increase in price of few raw materials which can increase cost of product and can make few 
products unprofitable unless the increase is passed on to the user which may at times be difficult due to stiff competition. 
Further, delay in grant of approvals can result in delay in launching of key products in the market. In addition, significant 
competition in key products could also affect market share and profitability of the Company.
OPPORTUNITIES
The increase in the population is driving the demand of product across the world and as we all know a simple rule of 
economics, higher the population bigger the opportunity. The Global Biotech Market is open and the opportunity to tap 
the global market is immense. The Company has maintained its market share during 2023-2024 and is regularly encashing 
on all opportunities. Your Company has maintained its quality standards and always working towards improvements. New 
Technology Developments and New Product Developments do take place and updating in terms of technology and quality is 
the need of the hour. 
THREATS
Stiff Competition both on domestic and International level poses some threat to the market share of company but since the 
market is quite large, the same is easily absorbed. Your Company has to abide by stringent regulations and specifications 
pertaining to its products in its domestic and export markets. Your Company operates in a highly competitive market. Some 
of the key factors driving competition in the industry include product functionality and quality, pricing, customer service, 
product innovation and effectiveness of marketing and distribution channels. To survive and succeed in a stiff competitive 
environment, it is very important for the Company to distinguish its product and service offerings through a clear and unique 
value proposition. Some of the competitors of the Company have greater financial, marketing and other resources, which 
enables them to pursue more vigorous marketing and expansion activities. Intense competition may have a material adverse 
impact on the Company’s operations.
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM AND THEIR ADEQUACY
Titan Biotech Limited has well established internal control systems for operations of the Company. All the departments of 
the company including the accounts & finance department has experienced and trained staff capable of implementing and 
monitoring internal control systems. The internal control system of the Company is adequate to safeguard the Company’s 
assets and to ensure that the transactions are properly recorded. Further, the internal control system ensures that proper record 
is being kept and all statutory and other laws, rules and regulations are being complied with.
The Company has appointed an independent firm of chartered accountants to monitor the internal audit of its activities, based 
on an internal audit plan, which is reviewed each year in consultation with the statutory auditors and approved by the audit 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 104 ===
98
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
committee. The Company has identified inherent reporting risks for major element in the financial statements and established 
controls to prevent the same. These risks and the prevention controls are revisited periodically considering the changes in 
business, IT systems, regulations and internal policies, based on evaluations of the audit, as per Section 177 of the Companies 
Act 2013 and Regulation 18 of SEBI Regulations, 2015, the Audit Committee has concluded that as March 31, 2024, internal 
financial controls were adequate and operating effectively.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE vis-à-vis OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
Revenue
The revenue of the Company was better as compared to previous year revenue increasing from Rs. 14,594.24 Lakhs to Rs. 
16,582.03 Lakhs. 
Selling and Distribution Expenses 
The selling and distribution expenses increased 12.36 %, in FY24 as compared to FY23.
Depreciation and Amortization
Our depreciation and amortization expenses increased by 28.09 % in FY24 as compared to FY23, the breakdown of which 
is as follows:
Particulars FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23 Increase/ 
(Decrease)  %Rs. (In Lacs) % of total revenue Rs. (In Lacs) % of total revenue 
Depreciation Property Plant 
& Equipment
 284.40 1.72  211.57 1.45 34 .4  
Amortisation intangible 
assets
2.68 0.02  2.65 0.02 1.1 %  
Amortisation of right- of- 
use assets
45.98 0.28  45.81 0.31 0.4%   
Tax Expenses  
Our income taxes increased by Rs. 76.93 Lacs from Rs. 712.55 Lacs for the year ended March 31, 2023 to Rs. 789.48 Lacs 
for the year ended March 31, 2024.  Our effective tax rate has not changed from the last year ended on March 31, 2023 to 
current year ended on March 31, 2024 i.e. 25.17 %.
Finance Cost 
Our finance cost increased from Rs. 74.59  Lacs for the year ended March 31, 2023 to Rs. 117 Lacs for the year ended March 
31, 2024. The borrowings during the year ended March 31, 2024, primarily, resulted in increasing the finance expense.
Employee benefits expenses  
Employee benefits expenses account for 14.30% of our total revenue and form a major part of our total expenses. The expenses 
include fi xed as well as variable components of employees’ salaries, along with contribution to provident fund and gratuity. Share 
based payments to employees and staff welfare expenses are not a part of that cost. Break-up of this head of expenses compared 
to the previous year’s numbers, is given below:                                                                                                                                      (Standalone)
Particulars                 FY 2023-24                      FY 2022-23 Increase/ 
(Decrease)  
%Rs. 
(In Lacs)
% of total 
revenue 
Rs. (In Lacs) % of total 
revenue 
 Salaries & Wages 2,173.86 13.11%  1,664.17 11.40 % 30.06%
Contribution to Provident & 
Other Funds 141.50 0.85 % 116.39 0.80 % 21.6% 
Staff Welfare 55.70 0.34 % 40.35 0.28% 38.0%
=== PAGE 105 ===
99
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Total employee benefits expenses has increased by 30.21%. As a percentage of revenue, employee benefits expenses increased 
to 14.30 % in FY24 from 12.48% in FY23 . Increase in salaries and wages and contribution to provident and other funds, 
is in line with increase in revenue and headcount, taking into account cost optimization and pyramid rebalancing measures. 
Annual Expenses Break-up (in %)  2023-24       
       Cost of Material Consumed            Changes in inventories of finished goods, Stock-in- trade and WIP
      Employee Benefits Expenses          Finance Costs        Depreciation          Other Expenses         T
 ax       
PAT with Comprehensive Income
Liquidity And Capital Resources/ Movement of Money (Cash)
The data given in Table A, Cash generated from operating activities in FY 2024 was Rs. 2,114.63 Lacs. Investing activities net 
outflow amounting to Rs. (2,030.37)  Lacs in FY 2024 includes net investment in property, plant, equipment and intangibles 
to build capacity and capabilities for future business growth. Cash outflow from financing activities was Rs. (286.62)  Lacs. 
Closing cash and cash equivalents as on March 31, 2024 was Rs. 284.01 Lacs.
Standalone Statement of Cash Flows (Rs. In Lacs)
PARTICULARS 2024 2023
Opening Cash and Cash Equivalents 486.37 681.39
Cash Flows from:
i. Operating Activities 2,114.63 2,117.81 
i. Investing Activities .(2,030.37) (2,072.51) 
ii. Financing Activities (286.62) (240.33) 
Closing Cash and Cash Equivalents 284.01 486.37 
MATERIAL DEVELOPMENT IN HUMAN RESOURCES
There has not been any major development on the human resources front. The industrial relation continues to be cordial 
during the year 2023-2024. The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on 31 st March, 2024 was 449. 
Total Headcount was increased by 13.38% during the year.
During the financial year 2023-2024, there have been no significant developments on the human resources front at Company. 
The industrial relations throughout the year remained amicable and cooperative.
As of March 31, 2024, the Company had a total of 449 permanent employees on its rolls. This number reflects a 13.38% 
increase in total headcount compared to the previous year.
Diversity and inclusivity initiatives continue to be a focus at Company. Of the total workforce:
  
     
 
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
=== PAGE 106 ===
100
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
• Female Employees: 80
• Employees with Disabilities: 3
These figures underscore Company's commitment to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace environment.
Overall, the human resources landscape at Company in the year 2023-2024 has been characterized by stability in industrial 
relations and strategic growth in workforce size.
SIGNIFICANT KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS
Details of significant changes (i.e. change of 25% or more as compared to the immediately previous financial year) in key 
financial ratios, along with detailed explanations therefore-
Particulars Financial Year 2023-2024 Financial Year 2022-2023 Change 
Debtors Turnover 8.27 7.71 7.26 %
Inventory Turnover ^^ 2.40 2.43 -1.23 %
Interest Coverage Ratio 30.79 42.18 -27.00 %
Current Ratio 3.77 3.36 12.20 %
Debt-equity Ratio 0.07 0.09 -22.22 %
Operating Profit Margin # 20.67 20.29 1.87 %
Net Profit Margin 0.14 0.15 -6.66 %
Return on Net Worth 18.42 19.82 -7.06 %
# Operating Margin is Defined as profit Before Taxes and Interest
^^ Inventory Turnover defined of Raw Material 
Interest Coverage Ratio:
Rise in expense due to increase in turnover profit, higher interest cost is the reason for fall in Interest Coverage Ratio.  
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
Statements in the Management Discussion and Analysis describing the Company’s objectives, expectations or predictions may 
be forward looking within the meaning of applicable securities, laws and regulations. Actual results may differ substantially 
or materially from those expressed or implied inter-lia due to risk and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include 
the effect of economic and political conditions in India and abroad, volatility in interest rates and in the securities market, 
new regulations and Government policies that may impact the Company’s businesses as well as the ability to implement its 
strategies. Important factors that would influence the Company’s operations include cost of raw materials, tax laws, interest 
and power cost and economic developments particularly in view of other factors within the country and the international 
economic and financial developments. The above discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company’s 
financial statements included in this report and the notes thereto. Investors are also requested to note that this discussion is 
based on the consolidated financial results of the Company.
For Titan Biotech Limited  for  Titan Biotech Limited
Suresh Chand Singla   Nar esh Kumar Singla
Managing Director   Managing Dir ector
DIN: 00027706    DIN: 00027448
Date: 03/09/2024
Place: Delhi
=== PAGE 107 ===

=== PAGE 108 ===
101
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the Members of Titan Biotech Limited 
Report on the Standalone Ind AS financial Statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the accompanying standalone Ind AS financial statements of Titan Biotech Limited (“the Company”) which 
comprises the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2024, the Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), 
Statement of Changes in Equity and Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, 
including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone Ind 
AS financial statements give the information required by the Act in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in 
conformity with the Ind AS and accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at 
March 31, 2024, and profit, total comprehensive income, the changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that date. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Companies 
Act, 2013. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the 
standalone Ind AS financial statements under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the 
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
Key Audit Matters
Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the standalone 
Ind AS financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the Standalone 
Ind AS financial statements as a whole, and informing our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these 
matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
We have determined that there are no other key audit matters to communicate in our report.
Information Other than the Standalone Ind AS financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexures to Board’s Report, Business 
Responsibility Report, Corporate Governance and Shareholder’s Information, but does not include the standalone Ind AS 
financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. 
Our opinion on the standalone Ind AS financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form 
of assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, 
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone Ind AS financial statements or 
our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, 
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing 
to report in this regard. 
Management Responsibility for the Standalone Ind AS financial Statements 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 
Act”) with respect to the preparation of these standalone Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair view of the 
financial position, financial performance, including other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of the 
Company in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in India, including Indian Accounting Standards (Ind 
AS) prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and 
application of appropriate implementation and maintenance of accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation 
of the standalone Ind AS financial statement that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due 
to fraud or error. 
In preparing the standalone Ind AS financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative 
=== PAGE 109 ===
102
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
but to do so. The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the company’s financial reporting process. Audit trail 
compliance is also primarily the responsibility of the Management.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of Standalone Ind AS financial Statement 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Standalone Ind AS financial statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
standalone Ind AS financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout 
the audit. We also: 
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone Ind AS financial statements, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 
or the override of internal control. 
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in 
the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion 
on whether the company has internal financial controls with reference to Financial Statements in place and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls. 
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management. 
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone Ind AS financial statements or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the 
date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going 
concern. 
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone Ind AS financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the standalone Ind AS financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a 
manner that achieves fair presentation. 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to 
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance 
in the audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2024 and are therefore the 
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about 
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report 
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such 
communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government of India in 
terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013, we give in the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters 
specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable. 
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that: 
 a)  W e have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were 
necessary for the purposes of our audit. 
 b)  In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from 
our examination of those books.
 c)  The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss including the Statement of Other Comprehensive Income, the 
Cash Flow Statement and Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of 
account.
=== PAGE 110 ===
103
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
 d)  In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone Ind AS financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards specified 
under Section 133 of the Act, read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended.
 e)  On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2024 taken on record by the 
Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2024 from being appointed as a director in 
terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
 f)  W ith respect to the adequacy of the Internal Financial Control with reference to Financial Statements of the Company 
and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure B” Our report expresses 
an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the Company’s internal financial controls over 
financial reporting.
 g)  In our opinion the managerial remuneration for the year ended March 31, 2024 has been paid/provided by the Company 
to its directors in accordance with the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act. 
 h)  W ith respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations 
given to us: 
  (i)  The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its standalone Ind AS 
financial statements – Refer Note 34 to the Standalone Ind AS financial statements;
  (ii)  The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any 
material foreseeable losses;
  (iii)  There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company during the year ended March 31, 2024.
 (iv)  a)   The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as disclosed in 
notes to accounts, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced 
or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) 
by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entity (‘Intermediaries’) with the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the intermediary shall, whether directly or 
indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf 
of the Company (‘Ultimate Beneficiaries’) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
  b)  The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material 
either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person or entity, 
including foreign entity (‘Funding Parties’) with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Company shall, whether directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified 
in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (‘Ultimate Beneficiaries’) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
  c)  Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to our attention that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) 
and (ii) of Rule 11 (e) as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material misstatement.
  (v)  The dividend declared and paid during the year by the company is in compliance with section 123 of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
  (vi)  Based on our examination which included test checks, except for the instances mentioned below, the Company 
and its joint operation companies have used accounting software for maintaining its books of account which have 
a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant 
transactions recorded in the respective software:
   (a) in respect of the Company, the feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility was not enabled at the database 
layer to log any direct data changes for the accounting software used for maintaining the books of account.
   Further , where audit trail (edit log) facility was enabled and operated, we did not come across any instance of the 
audit trail feature being tampered with. 
For ANSK & Associates
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 026177N)
CA Akhil Mittal
Partner
(Membership No. 517856)
Place: New Delhi
Date: 29.05.2024
UDIN: 24517856BKHCCJ8506
=== PAGE 111 ===
104
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
(Referred to in paragraph 2 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ Section of our report of 
even date)
In terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the Company and the books of account and records 
examined by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that
i) (a)  (A)  The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and 
situation of Property, Plant and Equipment, capital work-in-progress and right of use assets.
  (B)  The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the company, some of the Property, Plant and Equipment, capital work-in-progress and investment properties were 
physically verified during the year by the Management in accordance with a program of verification, which in 
our opinion provides for physical verification of all the Property, Plant and Equipment, capital work-in-progress 
and investment properties at reasonable intervals having regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its 
activities. According to the information and explanations given to us, no material discrepancies were noticed on 
such verification.
 (c)  W ith respect to immovable properties (other than properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease agreements 
are duly executed in favour of the Company) disclosed in the financial statements included in property, plant and 
equipment, capital work-in progress and investment properties according to the information and explanations given 
to us and based on the examination of the registered sale deed / title deed provided to us, we report that, the title 
deeds of such immovable properties are held in the name of the company as at the balance sheet date. 
 (d)  The Company has not revalued any of its property, plant and equipment (including Right of Use assets) or intangible 
assets or both during the year. Consequently, the question of our commenting on whether the revaluation is based 
on the valuation by a Registered Valuer, or specifying the amount of change, if the change is 10% or more in the 
aggregate of the net carrying value of each class of Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right of Use assets) 
or intangible assets does not arise.
 (e)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
company, no proceedings have been initiated during the year or are pending against the Company as at 31 March 
2024 for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as amended in 2016) 
and rules made thereunder.
ii) (a)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records produced 
before us, the inventories except Goods in Transit has been physically verified during the year by the management 
at reasonable intervals. In our opinion the coverage and procedure of such verification by the management is 
appropriate having regard to the size of the company and the nature of its operations. No discrepancies of 10% or 
more in the aggregate for each class of inventories were noticed on such physical verification of inventories when 
compared with books of account.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the company, the company has been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five crore rupees, in aggregate, 
from banks or financial institutions on the basis of security of current assets. In our opinion, the quarterly returns or 
statements filed by the company with such banks or financial institutions are in agreement with the books of account 
of the company other than those mentioned in the Note no.44(xii) of the standalone financial statements.
iii) a)  The Company has not provided any guarantee or security or granted any advances in the nature of loans, secured or 
unsecured to companies, firms, limited liability partnership or any other parties during the year. The Company has 
made investments in debt Instruments and investment made in associates during the year as per details given below:
Particulars Investments in Debt 
Instrument (In Lakhs)
Investments in Associates 
(In Lakhs)
Aggregate amount provided/granted during the year
- Investment 
899.96/- 203.43/-
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above 
cases
- Investment
1436.13/- 882.20/-
 b)  The Company has not provided any guarantee or given any security during the year. However, the Company has 
made investment in debt Instruments and in our opinion, and according to the information and explanations given 
to us, investments made, prima facie, not prejudicial to the interest of the Company.
=== PAGE 112 ===
105
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
iv) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of records of the Company, 
in respect of investments made and loans, guarantees and security given by the Company, in our opinion the provisions 
of Section 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) have been complied with.
v) In our opinion, and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not accepted any 
deposits or there are no amount which have been deemed to be deposits within the meaning of sections 73 to 76 of the 
Act and the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 (as amended). Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(v) of 
the Order is not applicable to the Company.
vi) The maintenance of cost records has been specified for the activities of the company by the Central Government under 
section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013. Hence, We have broadly reviewed the books of accounts maintained 
by the Company pursuant to the rules prescribed by the Central Government for maintenance of cost records under 
Section 148(1) of the Act in respect of its manufactured goods by the Company and are of the opinion that prima facie, 
the prescribed accounts and records have been made and maintained. However, we have not carried out a detailed 
examination of the records with a view to determine whether these are accurate or complete.
vii) (a) According to the information and explanations given to us, the company is generally regular in depositing with 
appropriate authorities undisputed statutory dues including Goods and Services Tax, provident fund, employees’ 
state insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, service tax, duty of customs, duty of excise, value added tax, cess and any 
other statutory dues.
 (b)  There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund, Income-tax, Sales 
Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, Duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, cess and other material statutory dues in arrears 
as at March 31, 2024 for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable.
viii) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
company, there were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that were surrendered or disclosed as 
income in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961) during the year. Hence, reporting under 
clause (viii) of the Order is not applicable.
ix) (a)  According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the company, in our opinion, the Company has not defaulted in the repayment of loans or borrowings from banks, 
financial institutions and Government.
 (b)  The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any 
government authority.
 (c)  The Company has not taken any term loan during the year and there are no unutilized term loans at the beginning of 
the year and hence, reporting under clause (ix)(c) of the Order is not applicable.
 (d)  On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, funds raised on short-term basis have, prima 
facie, not been used during the year for long-term purposes by the Company.
 (e)  On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, the Company has not taken any funds from 
any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.
 (f)  In our opinion, the Company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries, 
joint ventures or associate companies.
x) (a)  The Company not raised moneys by way of initial public offer or further public offer (including debt instruments) 
during the year and hence reporting under clause (x)(a) of the Order is not applicable.
 (b)  During the year the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible 
debentures (fully or partly or optionally) and hence reporting under clause (x)(b) of the Order is not applicable to 
the Company.
xi) (a)  T o the best of our knowledge, no fraud by the Company and no material fraud on the Company has been noticed or 
reported during the year.
 (b)  T o the best of our knowledge, no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has been 
filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central 
Government, during the year and upto the date of this report.
 (c)  W e have taken into consideration the whistle blower complaints received by the Company during the year and 
provided to us, when performing our audit.
xii) The Compa ny is not a Nidhi Company and hence reporting under clause (xii) of the Order is not applicable.
xiii) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
company, in our opinion, the company is in compliance with Section 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, where applicable, 
for all transactions with the related parties and the details of related party transactions have been disclosed in the financial 
=== PAGE 113 ===
106
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
statements etc. as required by the applicable accounting standards.
xiv)  (a)  In our opinion the Company has an adequate internal audit system commensurate with the size and the nature of its 
business.
 (b)  W e have considered, the internal audit reports issued to the Company during the year and covering the period up to 
31 March 2024 for the period under audit.
xv) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
company, in our opinion, during the year the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its directors or 
persons connected with its directors and hence provisions of section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable 
to the Company.
xvi) The Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Hence, 
reporting under clause (xvi)(a), (b), (c) and (d) of the Order is not applicable.
xvii) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
company, in our opinion, the company has not incurred cash losses during the financial year covered by our audit and the 
immediately preceding financial year. Hence, reporting under clause (xvii) of the Order is not applicable.
xviii)There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year. Accordingly, clause 3(xviii) of the Order is not 
applicable.
xix) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
company, in our opinion, on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realization of financial assets 
and payment of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the financial statements and our knowledge of the 
Board of Directors and Management plans and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, 
nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of the 
audit report indicating that Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and 
when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance 
as to the future viability of the Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the 
audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year 
from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
xx) The Company has fully spent the required amount towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and there is no 
unspent CSR amount for the year requiring a transfer to a Fund specified in Schedule VII to the Companies Act or special 
account in compliance with the provision of sub-section (6) of section 135 of the said Act. 
xxi) The reporting under Clause 3(xxi) of the Order is not applicable in respect of audit of financial statements. Accordingly, 
no comment in respect of the said clause has been included in this report. 
For ANSK & Associates
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 026177N)
CA Akhil Mittal
Partner
(Membership No. 517856)
Place: New Delhi
Date: 29.05.2024
UDIN: 24517856BKHCCJ8506
=== PAGE 114 ===
107
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
Annexure -B to the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date on the Standalone Ind AS financial statements of Titan 
Biotech Limited
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Titan Biotech Limited (‘the company’) as of 
March 31, 2024 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements of the Company for the year 
ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on “the internal 
control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India(‘ICAI’). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its 
business, including adherence to company’s policies, the safe guarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and 
errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, 
as required under the Companies Act, 2013. 
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our 
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an 
audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and 
the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if 
such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial 
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a 
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the 
assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on 
the Company’s internal financial controls system over financial reporting of the company.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting includes those 
policies and procedures that 
1. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company;
 2. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being 
made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and
3. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use or disposition of 
the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion 
or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to 
the risk that the internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, 
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting 
and such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2024, based on the 
=== PAGE 115 ===
108
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India.
For ANSK & Associates
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 026177N)
CA Akhil Mittal
Partner
(Membership No. 517856)
Place: New Delhi
Date: 29.05.2024
UDIN: 24517856BKHCCJ8506
=== PAGE 116 ===
109
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
 STANDALONE BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2024   
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
 Particulars    Note No.   As at   As at 
        31/03/2024   31/03/2023 
I  ASSETS   
1.  Non-Curr ent Assets    
 a.   Property , Plant and Equipment  2(a)   4,262.55   2,620.57 
 b.  Capital Work-in-Progress  2(b)   253.21   1,329.40 
 c.   Right of use Assets   3   931.21   960.39   
 d.   Other Intangible assets  4(a)   7.22   8.52  
 e.  Intangible assets under development  4(b)   2.28   -       
 f.   Financial Assets    
  (i)  Investments   5   2,318.33   1,158.62     
  (ii)  Other Financial Assets  6   164.87   161.52
Total Non-current assets     7,939.67   6,239.02
2.  Curr ent Assets     
  a.  Inventories   7   4,557.10   3,616.96
  b.  Financial Assets     
    (i)  T rade receivables  8   1,865.79   2,100.77  
      (ii)  Cash and cash equivalents  9   284.01   486.37  
    c.  Current Tax Assets (Net) 10(a)   5.28   -     
   d.  Other Current Assets   1 1   505.23   626.46  
Total Current assets    7,217.41   6,830.56 
TOTAL ASSETS    15,157.08   13,069.58 
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES   
A  Equity      
   a.  Equity Share Capital   12   826.37   826.37  
   b.  Other Equity   13   12,017.84   9,782.79  
TOTAL EQUITY    12,844.21  10,609.16 
B   Liabilities    
1.  Non-Curr ent Liabilities   
    a.  Financial Liabilities    
       (i)  Borrowings  14(a)   45.33   29.90  
       (ii)  Lease liabilities  15(a)   69.44   1 13.22  
     b.  Deferred tax liabilities (Net)  16   137.24   120.74 
     c.   Provisions   17(a)   148.34   161.50  
Total Non-Current Liabilities   400.35   425.36 
2.  Curr ent Liabilities    
  a.  Financial Liabilities   
    (i)  Borrowings  14 (b)   671.76    669.96 
       (ia)  Lease liabilities  15 (b)   43.76   38.10  
      (ii)   Trade payables  18   
        (a) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprise and small enterprises    55.65     -   
        (b) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro     281.17    554.97 
           enterprises and small enterprises
      (iii)  Other financial liabilities  19   565.73   493.10  
     b.  Other current liabilities  20  238.81   242.84  
     c.  Provisions   17 (b)   238.81    33.21 
    d.  Current Tax Liabilities (Net)  10(b)  -  2.88  
Total Current Liabilities    1,912.52   2,035.06  
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES    15,157.08   13,069.58  
Notes to Accounts   1-47   
The accompanying notes referred to above form an integral part of the standalone financial statements 
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Sur esh Chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director   Managing Director
 DIN-00027448  DIN-00027706     
CA Akhil Mittal   
Partner Charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Company Secretary  Chief Financial Officer   
UDIN-24517856BKHCCJ8506 ACS-12726   
Place : Delhi  
Date : 29.05.2024   
=== PAGE 117 ===
110
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
 STANDALONE  STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2024  
     (Rs. in lakhs) 
   Particulars   Note No.   Year Ended  Y ear Ended 
          31/03/2024   31/03/2023
I.   Revenue from Operations  21   16,407.21   14,399.93 
II. Other Income   22   174.82   194.32 
III. Total Income (I+II)   16,582.03   14,594.25 
IV .  EXPENSES    
  Cost of Materials Consumed  23   8,089.24   7,080.53 
  Changes in inventories of finished goods, Stock-in-trade   24   (528.63)   (93.21)
  and work in progress
  Employee Benefits Expense  25   2,371.06   1,820.90 
  Finance Costs   26   1 17.00   74.59 
  Depreciation and Amortization Expense  27   333.06   260.04 
  Other Expenses   28   3,047.40   2,639.80 
 Total (IV)     13,429.13   1 1,782.65 
V .  Profit before Exceptional & Extraordinary items and Tax (III-IV)    3,152.90   2,81 1.61 
VI.  Exceptional Items     -   - 
VII. Profit before Tax (V+VI)   3,152.90   2,81 1.61 
VIII. Tax Expenses:  29   
  Current Tax     778.87   721.44 
  Deferred Tax (Net)     10.61   (8.89)
  Earlier year Taxes     (2.90)   (3.43)
IX.  Profit for the period (VII-VIII)    2,366.32   2,102.49 
  
Profit for the period    2,485.30   2,484.42 
X.  Other Comprehensive Income    
A (i)  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss    -     -   
 (ia) Re-measurement gain on defined benefit plans    23.36   8.31 
 (ii) Income tax on the above item    (5.88)   (2.09)
B (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss   -     -   
 (ii) Income tax on the above item    -     -   
 Total Other Comprehensive Income for the period   17.48   6.22 
XI. Total Comprehensive Income for the period (IX+X) (Comprising)   2,383.80   2,108.71
     Pr ofit (Loss) and other Comprehensive  Income for the period 
  Earnings per  Equity Share:  30  
  Basic (In Rs.)     28.64   25.44 
  Diluted (In Rs.)     28.64   25.44  
  Notes to Accounts    1-47   
The accompanying notes referred to above form an integral part of the standalone financial statements
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Sur esh Chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director   Managing Director
 DIN-00027448  DIN-00027706     
CA Akhil Mittal   
Partner Charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Company Secretary  Chief Financial Officer  
UDIN-24517856BKHCCJ8506 ACS-12726   
Place : Delhi  
Date : 29.05.2024   
   
 
=== PAGE 118 ===
111
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
 STANDALONE  CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2023 
(Rs. in lakhs) 
 Particulars      Year Ended  Y ear Ended 
    31/03/2024   31/03/2023
A.  CASH FLOW  FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES   
Profit before Tax   3,152.90   2,81 1.61 
Adjustment for :   
Finance Costs   1 17.00   74.59 
Provisions   32.63   31.23 
Earlier year Taxes   2.90   3.43 
Unrealised foreign exchange differences  (9.14)   (17.14)
Depreciation and Amortization Expenses  333.06   260.03 
Operating profit before working capital changes  3,629.35   3,163.75 
Changes in working Capital:   
 (Increase) in Inventories   (940.15)   (148.98)
  (Increase)/ Decrease in Trade Receivables   244.98   (451.86)
  (Increase)/ Decrease in Other Financial Assets   (3.34)   7.03 
  Decrease in Other Current Assets   121.64   (32.89)
  Increase/ (Decrease) in Trade Payables   (218.17)   138.93 
 Increase/ (Decrease) in Other Financial Liabilities   72.63   122.86 
 Increase/ (Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities   (5.28)   68.95 
Cash generation from Operation 2,901.66   2,867.79 
Payment of Direct Taxes  (787.03)   (749.95)
Net Cash generated - Operating Activities  2,1 14.63   2,1 17.84 
B. CASH FLOW  FROM INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES  
Investment in equity shares  (1,159.71)   (755.50)
Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment  (1,948.49)   (307.37)
Proceeds from Sale of Property, Plant & Equipment  22.12   29.44 
Addition of Capital Work in Progress (Net)  1,076.18   (966.01)
Purchase of Other Intangible Assets  (1.38)   (0.72)
Purchase of Intangible assets under development  (2.28)   -   
(Addition) in Right of use assets  (16.81)   (72.36)
Net Cash Generated/ (Used) - Investing Activities  (2,030.37)   (2,072.52)
C. CASH FLOW  FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  
Repayment of Long-term Borrowings    15.44   (78.22)
Repayment of Lease Liabilities  (38.1 1)   1 1.49 
Proceeds/(Repayment) of Short-term Borrowings (Net)    1.80   24.94 
Finance Cost paid      (1 17.00)   (74.59)
Dividend paid    (148.75)   (123.96)
Net Cash (Used) - Financing Activities  (286.62)   (240.34)
Net (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents  (202.36)   (195.02)
Add : Opening Cash and Cash Equivalents  486.37   681.39 
Closing Cash and Cash Equivalents (refer note-9)  284.01   486.37 
 Notes:    
1.   The Cash Flow Statements have been prepared under the indirect method as set out in Accounting Standard (AS) on Statement of Cash Flow (Ind AS-7).
2.  Figures in brack et represent outflows.   
3. Previous year ’s figures have been regrouped wherever considered necessary to conform to this year’s classification.   
 
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Sur esh Chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director   Managing Director
 DIN-00027448  DIN-00027706     
CA Akhil Mittal   
Partner Charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Company Secretary  Chief Financial Officer  
UDIN-24517856BKHCCJ8506 ACS-12726   
Place : Delhi  
Date : 29.05.2024   
=== PAGE 119 ===
112
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
STANDALONE  STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2024
A.  Equity Shar e Capital                                                                                 (Rs. in lakhs)
 Balance as at Change in equity  Restated balance  Change in equity  Balance as at
 April 1, 2023   shar e capital due  as at April 1, 2023  shar e capital  Mar ch 31, 2024 
  to prior  period errors   during the year 
 826.37   -    826.37    -     826.37 
 Balance as at Change in equity  Restated balance  Change in equity  Balance as at
 April 1, 2022   shar e capital due  as at April 1, 2022  shar e capital  Mar ch 31, 2023 
  to prior  period errors   during the year 
 826.37   -     826.37   -    826.37 
B. Other Equity
     (Rs. in lakhs) 
Particulars Reserves and Surplus Other Comprehensive Income Total Other 
Equity
Capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Retained 
Earnings
Items that will not be Reclassified 
to Profit or Loss 
Remeasurement  
Gain / (Loss) 
of the defined 
benefit plans (Net 
of tax)
Equity 
Instruments 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (Net of 
tax)
Balance as at April 01, 2022                  -               867.50         6,921.68                     8.86                       -         7,798.04 
Profit  for the Year March 31, 2023                    -                         -           2,102.49                           -                          -        2,102.49 
Addition during the year                    -                         -                        -                             -                         -                     -   
Other comprehensive income (net of 
tax) for the year March 31, 2023                    -                         -                        -                       6.22                       -                6.22 
Dividend                    -                        -            (123.96)                           -                          -         (123.96)
Balance as at March 31, 2023                  -               867.50         8,900.21                   15.08                       -    9,782.79 
Profit for the Year March 31, 2024                    -                         -           2,366.32                           -                          -         2,366.32 
Addition during the year                    -                         -                       -                            -                         -                      -   
Other comprehensive income (net of 
tax) for the year March 31, 2024                    -                         -                        -                     17.48                        -              17.48 
Dividend                   -                         -           (148.75)                           -                          -          (148.75)
Balance as at March 31, 2024                  -    867.50  11,117.78  32.56  -    12,017.84 
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Sur esh Chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director   Managing Director
 DIN-00027448  DIN-00027706     
CA Akhil Mittal   
Partner Charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Company Secretary  Chief Financial Officer  
UDIN-24517856BKHCCJ8506 ACS-12726   
Place : Delhi  
Date : 29.05.2024   
   
 
=== PAGE 120 ===
113
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2024 
1. Company Overview , Basis of Preparation and Significant Accounting Policies
 I Corporate Information 
  Titan Biotech Limited (“TBL” or “the Company”) is a public limited company incorporated in India on 18.02.1992 vide CIN-
L74999RJ1992PLC013387 as a Non-govt Company limited by Shares and has its registered office at A-902 A, RIICO Industrial 
Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi (Rajasthan) -301019. The shares of the Company are listed on Bombay Stock Exchange. The Company 
is one of the leading manufacturer and exporter of the Biological products which are used in the field of Pharmaceuticals, 
Nutraceutical, Food & Beverages, Bio-technology & Fermentation, Cosmetic,Veterinary& Animal Feed etc. The Company has 
its manufacturing facilities at A-902 A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi, Distt. Alwar, Rajasthan-301019 (India) and 
at E-539 &540, RIICO Industrial Area, Chopanki, Distt. Alwar, Rajasthan-301019(India) and at F-689 & 690,RIICO Industrial 
Area, Chopanki, Distt. Alwar, Rajasthan-301019 (India).
 II Basis of Pr eparation 
  a) Statement of Compliance 
  Theses financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement 
principles laid down in the Indian Accounting Standard (‘Ind AS’) as per the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015 notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the other relevant provisions of the 
Act to the extent applicable. 
  The financial statements up to year ended March 31, 2017 were prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards 
notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read together with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014 (Indian GAAP) andother relevant provisions of the Act. 
  b) Basis of measur ement
  The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost convention on accrual basis except for certain financial 
assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Historical cost is generally 
based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange of goods or services.
  c ) Functional and Pr esentation currency
  Items included in the financial statements of the Company are measured using the currency of the primary economic 
environment in which the Company operates (“the functional currency”). The financial statements are presented in 
Indian National Rupee (‘INR’), which is the Company’s functional and presentation currency. All amounts have been 
given in Round off to Lakhs, unless otherwise indicated. 
 d) Curr ent and Non-current classification
  All Assets and Liabilities have been classified as current and non-current as per the Company’s normal operating cycle 
and other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the nature of the business of the 
Company and its business time cycle from inception of an order and its completion on realization in cash and cash 
equivalents, the Company has ascertained the operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose of current and non-current 
classification of assets and liabilities.  
  e)  Use of judgments and estimates
  In preparing these financial statements, the Management has made judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the 
application of accounting policies and the reported amount of assets, liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities 
and contingent assets as at the date of financial statements, income and expenses during the period. Actual results may 
differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to 
estimates are recognized prospectively in current and future periods.
 f) Measur ement of fair values
  A  number of the Company’s accounting policies and disclosures require measurement of fair values, for both financial 
and non- financial assets and liabilities. The Company has an established control framework with respect to measurement 
of fair values. The directors are responsible for overseeing all significant fair value measurements, including Level 3 fair 
values. Directors regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments.
  Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation 
techniques as follows:
  - Level  1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
  - Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly 
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices)
  - Level  3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
  When measuring the fair value of an asset or liability, the Company uses observable market data as far as possible. If 
the inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or liability fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, then 
the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirely in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level 
=== PAGE 121 ===
114
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
input that is significant to the entire measurement.
   The Company recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period during 
which the changes have occurred.
 III Significant Accounting Policy
  The Company has consistently applied the following accoun ting policies to till periods presented in the financial statements.
   a)  Pr operty, Plant and Equipment
    i)  Recognition and measur ement  
  Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses, if any. Cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price, any 
directly attributable cost of bringing the item to its working condition for its intended use and estimated cost 
of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site on which is located. Borrowing costs relating to 
acquisition of qualifying fixed assets, if material, are also included in cost to the extent they relate to the period 
till such assets are ready to be put to use. Capital work-in-progress includes cost of property, plant and equipment 
under installation / under development as at the balance sheet date. Advances paid towards the acquisition of 
property, plant and equipment outstanding at each balance date is classified as capital advances under other 
noncurrent assets. An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised when no future economic benefit are 
expected to arise from the continued use of the assets or upon disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of 
property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss.
  Estima ted useful lives of the assets are as follows:
    Nature of Tangible Assets Useful Life (years)
    Plant & Equipme nts  10 – 20
    Building   30
    Laboratory Equip ments  10
    Office Equipmen ts  5
    Furniture, Fixture s & Equipments  10
    V ehicles   8-10
    ii)  T ransition to Ind AS 
  On transition to Ind AS, the Company has elected to continue with the carrying value of all its property, plant 
and equipment recognised as at April 1, 2017 measured as per previous GAAP and use that carrying value as the 
deemed cost of the property, plant and equipment.
   iii)  Depr eciation  
  Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is provided on the Straight Line Method based on the useful life 
of assets as prescribed under Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013. Depreciation on additions to or on disposal 
of assets is calculated on pro-rata basis i.e.from (upto) the date on which the property, plant and equipment is 
available for use (disposed off). 
  b)  Recovera bility of Trade Receivables
  Judgements are required in assessing the recoverability of overdue trade receivables and determining whether a provision 
against those receivables is required. Factors considered include the credit rating of  the counterparty, the amount and 
timing of anticipated future payments and any possible actions that can  be taken to mitigate the risk of non-payment.
  c) Impairment of non-financial assets
  At each reporting date, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other than inventories and 
deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication on impairment. If any such indication exists, then the 
asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its 
estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss.
  d )  Inventories
  Inventories are valued at lower of Cost and Net Realisable value. The cost of finished goods is determined by taking 
material, labour and related factory overheads including depreciation. Cost of material is determined on weighted 
average cost basis. Further the cost for Work-in-progress includes material cost, stage wise direct cost and other related 
manufacturing overheads including depreciation.Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course 
of business, less estimated cost of completion and making the sale. Cost of raw materials, packing materials, stores and 
spares are determined on weighted average basis. Obsolete, slow moving and defective inventories are identified at the 
time of physical verification of inventories and where necessary, the same are written off or provision is made for such 
inventories.
=== PAGE 122 ===
115
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
  e)   Pr ovisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
  A  provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation that 
can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits  will be required to settle the obligation. 
Contingent liability is disclosed after careful evaluation of facts, uncertainties and possibility of reimbursement unless 
the possibility of an outflow of resource embodying economic benefit is remote. Contingent liabilities are not recognised 
but are disclosed in notes. Contingent assets are not disclosed in the financial statements unless an inflow of economic 
benefit is probable. 
 f )  Revenue Recognition 
  Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue is recognised when the 
significant risk and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the customer, recovery of the consideration is 
probable, the associated costs and possible return of goods can be estimated reliably, there is no continuing management 
involvement with the goods to the degree usually associated with the ownership and the amount of revenue can be 
measured reliably regardless of when the payment is being made.
  Export Incentive: Incentive on Export Income is recognised in books after due consideration of certainty of utilization / 
receipt of such incentives.
  Interest and Dividend Income: Interest income is recognized on a time proportion basis taking into account the amount 
outstanding and the rate applicable. Dividend income is recognized when the shareholders’ right to receive dividend is 
established.
 g )  Employee Benefits
  Short Term Employee Benefits
  Short-term employee benefits are expenses as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount 
expected to be paid if the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past 
service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
  Post-Employment Benefits
  Defined contribution plan
  A  defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions to a 
statutory authority and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts.
  Retirement benefits in the form of Provident Fund and employee state insurance are a defined contribution scheme and 
contributions paid/payable towards these funds are recognised as an expense in the statement of profit and loss during 
the period in which the employee renders the related service. There are no other obligations other than the contribution 
payable to the respective trusts.
  Defined benefit plan
  The Company provides for gratuity which is a defined benefit plan the liabilities of which is determined based on 
valuation, as at the balance sheet date, made by the independent actuary using the projected unit credit method. Re-
measurement comprising of actuarial gains and losses, in respect of gratuity are recognised in OCI (other comprehensive 
income), in the period in which they occur.
  Re-measurement recognised in OCI (other comprehensive income) are not reclassified to the Statement of Profit and 
Loss in Subsequent periods.
  The classification of the  company’s obligation into current and non-current is as per the acturial valuation report.
  h )  For eign Currency Transactions
  T ransactions in foreign currencies are translated into the Company’s functional currency at the exchange rates at the 
dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the 
functional currency at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured 
based on historical cost in a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Exchange 
differences are recognised in Statement of profit & loss. In accordance with Ind-AS 101 “First Time Adoption of Indian 
Accounting Standards”, the Company has continued the policy of capitalisation of exchange differences on foreign 
currency loans taken before the transition date.  
 i)  Borr owing costs
  Borrowing costs are interest and other costs (including exchange differences relating to foreign currency borrowings to 
the extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs) incurred in connection with the borrowing of funds. 
Borrowing costs directly attributable to acquisition or construction of an asset which necessarily take a substantial 
period of time to get ready for their intended use are capitalised as part of the cost of that assets. Other borrowing costs 
are recognised as an expenses in the period in which they are incurred. 
=== PAGE 123 ===
116
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
 j )  Income Tax
  Income Tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it 
relates to items recognised directly in Other Comprehensive Income. Current tax comprises the expected tax payable 
or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year after taking credit of the benefits available under the Income 
Tax Act and any adjustment to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. It is measured using tax rates 
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences 
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the corresponding tax bases 
used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax assets include Minimum Alternative Tax (MAT) paid in accordance with the tax 
laws, which gives rise to future economic benefits in the form of adjustment of future income tax liability, is considered 
as an asset if there is probable evidence that the Company will pay normal income tax in future. Accordingly MAT is 
recognised as deferred tax asset in the Balance Sheet.
 k )  Segment Reporting
  The Company’s business activity falls within a single segment viz. Manufacturing and Sale of Biological Products. The 
segment has been identified by taking into account the nature of product, the differing risks, the returns, the organisation 
structure and the internal reporting systems and the manner in which operating results are reviewed by the Management.
 l )  Cash and c ash equivalents
  Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand and short-term deposits with original maturities of three 
months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of 
changes in value.
 m) Cash flow s tatement
  Cash flow statements are prepared in accordance with “ Indirect Method” as explained in the Accounting Standard on 
Statement of Cash Flows ( Ind AS-7). The cash flows from regular revenue generating, financing and investing activity 
of the Company are segregated.
 n)  Earning per  share
  Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to Equity Shareholders 
by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. For the purpose of calculating diluted 
Earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable to Equity Shareholders and the weighted average 
number of shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential equity shares.
 o )  Investments in Subsid iaries
  Investment in subsidiary Company is measured at cost less impairment as per Ind AS 27- Separate Financial Statements. 
The Company reviews its carrying value of investments at cost or amortised cost annually, or more frequently when 
there is indication for impairment. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is 
accounted for. 
 p)  Intangible assets
  i)  Recognition and initial measur ement
  Intangible assets are stated at their cost of acquisition. Any trade discount and rebates are deducted in arriving at 
the purchase price.
  ii) Subsequent measur ement (amortisation)       
    Intangible assets are amortized over their respective individual estimated useful life on Straight Line Method basis 
commencing from the date, the asset is available to the company for its use.
   Estimated useful lives of the assets are as follows:
   Nature of Intangible Assets Useful Life (years)
   Computer Software  8
   Software License  3-5
  iii) T ransition to Ind AS 
  On transition to Ind AS, the Company has elected to continue with the carrying value of all its intangible assets 
recognised as at April 1, 2017 measured as per previous GAAP and use that carrying value as the deemed cost of 
the intangible assets.
 q)  Financial in struments
  A  financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity 
instrument of another entity. Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party 
to the contractual provisions of the instruments.
=== PAGE 124 ===
117
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
  Financial asset and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction cost which are directly attributable 
to the acquisition or issue of financial instruments (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, 
on initial recognition. Transaction cost directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets financial liabilities at 
fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss. Subsequently, financial instruments are 
measured according to the category in which they are classified.
  (i)  Financial Assets
  All purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way 
purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame 
established by regulation or convention in the market place.
  All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured in their entirely at either amortised cost or fair value, 
depending on the classification of the financial assets.
  Classification of financial assets
  Classification of financial assets depends on the nature and purpose of the financial assets and is determined at the 
time of initial recognition.
  The Company classifies  its financial assets in the following measurement categories:
  • those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income, or through profit 
or loss), and
  • those measured at am ortised cost
  The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual 
terms of the cash flows.
  A  financial asset that meets the following two conditions is measured at amortised cost unless the asset is 
designated at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option:
  • Business model test : the objective of the Company’s business model is to hold the financial asset to collect the 
contractual cash flows.
  • Cash flow characteristic test : the contractual term of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
  A  financial asset that meets the following two conditions is measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income unless the asset is designated at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option:
  • Business model test : the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both 
collecting cash flows and selling financial assets.
  • Cash flow characteristic test : the contractual term of the financial asset gives rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
  All other financial asse ts are measured at fair value through profit or loss.
  Investments in equity instrument at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
  On initial recognition, the Company can make an irrevocable election (on an instrument by instrument basis) to 
present the subsequent changes in fair value in other comprehensive income pertaining to investments in equity 
instrument. This election is not permitted if the equity instrument is held for trading. These elected investments 
are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains 
/ losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income. This cumulative gain or loss 
is not reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the investments.
  The Company has an equity investment in an entity which is not held for trading. The Company has elected to 
measure this investment at amortised cost. Dividend, if any, on this investments is recognised in profit or loss.
   Equity investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
  Investments representing equity interest in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are carried at cost less any 
provision for impairment. Investments are reviewed for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate 
that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
  Financial assets that do not meet the amortised cost criteria or fair value through other comprehensive income 
criteria are measured at fair value through profit or loss. A financial asset that meets the amortised cost criteria or 
fair value through other comprehensive income criteria may be designated as at fair value through  profit or loss 
upon initial  recognition if such designation  eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition 
inconsistency that would arise from measuring assets and liabilities or recognising the gains or losses on them on 
different bases.
=== PAGE 125 ===
118
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
  Income Recognition:
  Interest income is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss using the effective interest method. Dividend 
income is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the right to receive dividend is established.
  Impairment
  The Company assesses at each reporting date whether a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) such as 
investments, trade receivables, advances and security deposits held at amortised cost and financial assets that 
are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are tested for impairment based on evidence or 
information that is available without undue cost or effort. Expected credit losses are assessed and loss allowances 
recognised if the credit quality of the financial asset has deteriorated significantly since initial recognition.
  Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of 
the assets.For debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income, the loss allowance is recognised 
in other comprehensive income and is not reduced from the carrying amount of the financial asset in the balance 
sheet.
  The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no 
realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Company determines that the trade receivable 
does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject 
to the write-off. However, financial assets that are written-off could still be subject to enforcement activities under 
the Company’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are 
recognised in standalone statement of profit and loss.
  De-recognition of financial assets
   A  financial asset is derecognised only when
  • The Company has transferred the rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset or
  • Retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of the financial asset, but assumes a contractual obligation 
to pay the cash flows to one or more recipients.
  (ii)  Financial liabilities and equ ity instruments
  Classification of debt or equity Debt or equity instruments issued by the Company are classified as either 
financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the 
definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument. Equity instruments An equity instrument is any 
contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity 
instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.Financial 
liabilities Borrowings, trade payables and other financial liabilities are initially recognised at the value of the 
respective contractual obligations. They are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any discount or premium 
on redemption/ settlement is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss as finance cost over the life of the 
liability using the effective interest method and adjusted to the liability figure disclosed in the Balance Sheet. 
Financial liabilities are derecognised when the liability is extinguished, that is, when the contractual obligation is 
discharged, cancelled and on expiry.
   Offsetting Financial Instruments
  Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is included in the Balance Sheet where there is a 
legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise 
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
 r)  Leasing
  Ef fective April 1, 2020, the Company has applied Ind AS 116 using modified retrospective approach and, therefore the 
comparative information has been regrouped accordingly.
  At inception of a contract, the Company assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, 
a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. To ssess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Company assess 
whether:
  The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right of use asset 
is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments 
made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and 
remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentive 
received.
  The right of use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight line method from the commencement date to the 
end of the lease term. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the basis of remaining lease 
term. In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain 
remeasurements of the lease liability.
=== PAGE 126 ===
119
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
 Estimated u seful lives of the assets are as follows:
 Nature of Right-of-use Assets Useful Life (years)
 Office premises (Commerci al)  3-7
   Land    99
  The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, 
discounted using the Company’s incremental borrowing rate.
  Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the fixed payments, including in-substance fixed 
payments.
  The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a change 
in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in Company’s estimate of the amount 
expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Company changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a 
purchase, extension or termination option
  When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a orresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-
use asset, or is are structured solely to increase in line with expected general inflation to compensate for the lessor’s expected 
inflationary cost increases, such increases are recognised in the year in which such benefits accrue. Contingent rentals arising 
under operating leases are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.
  Operating leases
  Lease rental expenses from operating leases is generally recognised on a straight line basis over the term of the relevant lease. 
Where the rentals If any specific borrowing remains outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use, that borrowing 
is considered part of the funds that are borrowed generally for calculating the capitalisation rate.
=== PAGE 127 ===
120
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Notes to the STANDALONE Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2024      
 2 (a).  PROPERTY PLANT AND EQUIPMENT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                (Rs. in Lakhs)
 Gross Carrying Value Depreciation Net Carrying value
   Description As at Additional / Sales / As at As at Additional /  Sales /  As at  As at  As at
 April  1, 2023  adjustments  adjustments  Mar ch  April 1,  Adjustments  Adjustments  Mar ch  Mar ch  Mar ch
    31, 2024  2023    31, 2024  31, 2024  31, 2023
Buildings  1,303.42   772.18   -   2,075.60   416.58   45.09   -   461.67   1,613.93   886.84 
Plant and Equipment  2,433.62   1,01 1.79   22.65   3,422.76   847.23   204.07   2.18   1,049.12   2,373.64   1,586.39 
Office Equipments  38.08   6.19   -   44.27   29.32   3.53   -   32.85   1 1.42   8.76 
Furniture and Fixtures  88.68   57.20   -   145.88   71.27   7.77   -   79.04   66.84   17.41 
Vehicles   257.29   101.13   57.63   300.79   136.12   23.94   55.99   104.07   196.72   121.17 
Total  4,121.09   1,948.49   80.28   5,989.30   1,500.52   284.40   58.17   1,726.75   4,262.55   2,620.57 
Previous Year   3,844.51   307.37   30.79   4,121.09   1,290.30   21 1.57   1.35   1,500.52   2,620.57   2,462.89 
(i) The title deeds of the immovable properties are held in the name of the Company.
(ii) The Company has not revalued its property , plant and equipment
.2(b) CAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS           (Rs. in Lakhs)
 Cost  Amount 
 As at April 1, 2022  363.39
 Additions   966.01 
 Capitalised during the year - 
 As at Mar ch 31, 2023   1,329.40 
 As at April 1, 2023  1,329.40 
 Additions  4.86 
 Capitalised during the year   (1,081.05)
 As at Mar ch 31, 2024   253.21 
(i) The title deeds of the immovable properties are held in the name of the Company. 
 CAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS AGEING
 Ageing for capital works-in-progress as at March 31, 2024 as follows:                                                                                               (Rs. in Lakhs)
 Description Amount in CWIP for the period of T otal
 Less than 1 year 1-2 yrars  2-3 years  Mor e than 3 year 
Projects in progress 4.86   248.35  -   -    253.21      
 4.86  248.35     -     -    253.21 
Ageing for capital works-in-progress as at March 31, 2023 as follows:
 Description Amount in CWIP  for the period of  T otal
 Less than 1 year 1-2 yrars  2-3 years  Mor e than 3 year 
Projects in progress 1,007.92  321.48    -     -     1,329.40   
 1,007.92  321.48    -     -    1,329.40
Project execution plans are modulated basis capacity requirement assessment on an annual basis and all the projects are executed as per rolling annual plan..   
=== PAGE 128 ===
121
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
3     RIGHT -OF- USE ASSETS           
 Set out below are the carring amount of right-of-use assets recognised and the movments during the period:                                                                                                                       (Rs. in Lakhs)
Description Gross Carrying Value   Amortisation  Net Carrying Value 
 As at April 
1,2023 
 Additions/
adjust-
ments 
 Sales/ 
adjust-
ments 
 As at March 
31,2024 
 As at April 
1,2023 
Additions/ Adjust-
ments
Sales/ 
Adjust-
ments
 As at March 
31,2024 
 As at March 
31,2024 
 As at March 
31,2023 
Land    847.71              16.80                -      864.51      17.10                 8.83                -      25.93       838.58     830.61 
Office premises 
(Commercial)    229.03                      -                 -      229.03      99.25               37.15                 -    136.40         92.63     129.78 
Total 1,076.74          16.80                -   1,093.54    116.35            45.98                 -   162.33       931.21     960.39 
Previous Year 1,004.38          72.36                -   1,076.74      70.54             45.81             -    116.36  960.39       50.91 
(i) The Company has not revalued its Right of Use Assets.  
4 (a)    OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
             Summary of cost and net carrying amount of each class of Intangible assets are given below:                                                                     (Rs. in Lakhs)
Description Gross Carrying Value   Amortisation  Net Carrying Value 
 As at April 1, 
2023 
 Additions/adjust-
ments 
 Sales/ adjust-
ments 
 As at March 
31,2024 
 As at April 
1,2023 
 Additions/ 
Adjustments 
 Sales/ Adjust-
ments 
 As at March 
31,2024 
 As at March 
31,2024 
 As at March 
31,2023 
Computer Software          48.40  -                -        48.40            39.88              2.64                      -                  42.52                          5.88              8.52 
Software Liances                 -     1.38                -          1.38                     -              0.04                      -                    0.04                          1.34                          -   
Total         48.40            1.38                -          49.78      39.88              2.68                    -                     42.56                   7.22              8.52 
Previous Year         47.69            0.72                 -       48.41      37.23              2.65                      -                  39.88                   8.52            10.45 
(i) The Company has revalued other intangible Assets. 
4(b). INT ANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER  DEVERLOPMENT                                                                                                                                                                               (Rs. in Lakhs)
Cost  Amount 
As at April 1, 2022                       - 
Additions                       - 
Capitalised during the year                       - 
As at March 31, 2023                   - 
As at April 1, 2023                       - 
Additions                 2.28 
Capitalised during the year                       - 
As at March 31, 2024             2.28 
=== PAGE 129 ===
122
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER DEVELOPMENT AGEING   
Intangible assets under development aging schedule as at March 31, 2024  (Rs. in Lakhs) 
Description Amount in Intangible Assets under Development for the period of T otal
 Less than 1 year 1-2 yrars   2-3 years  Mor e than 3 year
Projects in progress 2.28  -  -  -   2.28
 2.28  -     -    -   2.28
Intangible assets under development aging schedule as at March 31, 2023                                                                       (Rs. in Lakhs)
Description Amount in Intangible Assets under Development for the period of T otal
 Less than 1 year 1-2 yrars  2-3 years  Mor e than 3 year
Projects in progress -  -  -  -  -  
 -  -     -    -  -
Note : New Accounting software - Navision Business Central is under development as on 31-03-2024.
5. INVESTMENTS                                                                                                                   (Amt. in ` Lakh)
 NON CURR ENT INVESTMENTS  Face value  As at Mar ch 31, 2024  As at Mar ch 31, 2023
  Per  Unit  No. of Shar e  V alue  No. of Shar e  V alue
 Associates     
 Fully paid-up      
 Peptech Bioscience Limited 10.00   12,74,940   127.49   12,74,940   127.49 
 T itan Media Ltd.  10.00   100   0.02   
 Partly paid-up     
 Peptech Biosciences Limited 10.00   31,50,050   551.26   31,50,050   551.26 
 T itan Media Ltd.  10.00   33,90,510   203.43   -     - 
 Total  78,15,600   882.20   44,24,990   678.75
  
 B.  Investments Measur ed at Fair Value through Profit & Loss (FVTPL)
      (Rs. in Lakhs)
  As at  As at  
   Mar ch 31, 2024                      Mar ch 31, 2023
  Investments in Debt Instruments Quoted, fully paid up  1,436.13   479.87 
    1,436.13   479.87 
  Total Investments (A+B)  2,819.24   1,540.55
    (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 1)  The following shall also be disclosed:  As at                        As at         
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
 (a) Aggregate amount of quoted inv estments and market value thereof;   1,436.13   479.87 
 (b)  Aggregate amount of unquoted investments; and  882.20  678.75
 (c)  Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments.   -     -
    2,318.33   1,158.62 
    (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 2)  Category-wise Investments  As at                        As at         
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 (a) Financial Assets measured at amortised Cost   882.20  678.75
 (b)  Financial Assets measured Fair Value through   -     -  
  Other Comprehensive Income 
 (c)  Financial Assets measured Fair Value through Profit and Loss   1,436.13   479.87 
    2,319.33   1,158.62
=== PAGE 130 ===
123
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
6 OTHER FINANCIAL  ASSETS          (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 Particulars As at  As at
  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
 Security Deposits   96.69   95.71 
 Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity   35.60   26.34 
 Balance with  Revenue Authorities   32.58   39.47 
   164.87   161.52
7 INVENTORIES  
   (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars As at  As at
  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 At the lower  of cost or net realisable value  
 Raw Materia l   2,656.36   2,274.74 
 Finished Goods   439.44   360.79 
 W ork-in-progress   1,204.09   754.1 1 
 Packing Material   228.63   203.23 
 Stores & Spares Parts   28.58   24.09 
   4,557.10   3,616.96   
8 TRADE RECEIV ABLE   
   (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 Particulars  As at  As at
  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Considered good – Secured -   - 
 Considered good – Unsecured   1,762.09   1,997.07 
 Disputed Trade Receivables– considered good   103.70   103.70 
 T rade Receivables – credit impaired  -     -   
   1,865.79   2,100.77 
 Note : Trade receivables have been hypothecated with banks against working capital loans, refer note 14 for details. Also refer note 
39B for related parties details. 
 Ageing for trade receivable As at March 31,2024 as follows:                                                                       (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars                                                  Outstanding for following periods fr om due date of payment Total
  Not Due  Less than  6 months  1 - 2 years  2 - 3 years  Mor e than  
   6 months  1 year   3 years
 Undisputed trade receivables – considered good  1,477.66   169.26   66.46   10.50   3.38   34.83   1,762.09
 Undisputed trade receivables – which have  -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 significant increase in credit risk
 Undisputed trade receivables – credit impaired   -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 Disputed trade receivables – considered good  -     -     -     -     103.70   -     103.70 
 Disputed trade receivables – which have significant   -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 increase in credit risk
 Disputed trade receivables – credit impaired   -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 increase in credit risk
   1,477.66   169.26   66.46   10.50   107.08   34.83   1,865.79 
 Ageing for trade receivable As at March 31, 2023 as follows:      (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 Particulars     Outstanding for  following periods from due date of payment Total
  Not Due  Less than  6 months  1 - 2 years  2 - 3 years  Mor e than  
   6 months  1 year   3 years
 Undisputed trade receivables – considered good  1,129.79   823.50   2.83   36.08   3.38   1.49   1,997.07 
 Undisputed trade receivables – which have   -     -     -     -     -     -     - 
 significant increase in credit risk  
 Undisputed trade receivables – credit impaired   -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 Disputed trade receivables – considered good   -     -     -     103.70   -     -     103.70 
 Disputed trade receivables – which have significant   -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 increase in credit risk  
 Disputed trade receivables – credit impaired   -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
   1,129.79   823.50   2.83   139.78   3.38   1.49   2,100.77 
=== PAGE 131 ===
124
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
 (i) Note : Debts dues by        
         (Rs. in Lakhs)
 Particulars As at     As at
  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Directors or other officers of the company *  -     -   
 Firm in which director is a partner   -     -   
 Private company in which director is a member   0.07   63.38 
 * Either severally or jointly   
 (ii) Note : There are no unbilled dues to be disclosed. 0.07   63.38 
9 CASH AND CASH EQUIV ALENTS       (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars As at     As at
  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Balance with Banks  274.05   483.58 
 Cash on hand   7.96   2.79 
 Bank Deposits with original  Maturity less than 3 months  2.00  -
  284.01  486.37 
10(a) CURRENT  TAX ASSETS (NET)  (Rs. in lakhs)
  Particulars As at       As at
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
  Advance Income tax/TDS  784.15  -
  Less:-Provision for Current Tax  (778.87)    -
   5.28 -
10(b) CURRENT TAX LIABILITY (NET)
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
  Particulars  As at     As at
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
  Provision for Current Tax  -   721.44 
  Less:Advance Income tax/TDS  -   (718.56)
   - 2.88
11 OTHER CURRENT  ASSETS  
     (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars  As at   As at
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
 Balance with Revenue Authorities  62.14   105.39 
 Goods in transit included Raw material inventories   30.41   38.81 
 Advance for Investment   -   50.00 
 Advances to Suppliers   103.84   307.74 
 Advances to Others   284.99   103.98 
 Prepaid Expenses   18.72   12.29 
 Advance to Employees   5.13   8.25 
    505.23   626.46 
=== PAGE 132 ===
125
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
12 EQUITY  SHARES CAPITAL  (Rs. in lakhs) 
 Particulars  As at  As at
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Authorized:  
 100,00,000 (Previous year ‘100,00,000 Equity Shares ) of Rs.10/-each.  1000.00   1000.00 
   1000.00   1000.00 
 Issued:                  
 82,63,700 (Previous year 82,63,700) Equity Shares of  Rs.10/- each   826.37   826.37 
   826.37    826.37
 Subscribed and Paid-up:     
 82,63,700 (Previous year 82,63,700) Equity Shares of  Rs.10/- each   826.37   826.37
   826.37    826.37
(i) Reconciliation of Shar es outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period  
    As at March 31, 2024   As at Mar ch 31, 2023  
   Numbers   (Rs. in Lakhs)   Numbers   (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 Equity Shares outstanding at the beginning of the year  82,63,700   826.37   82,63,700.00   826.37 
 Add: Equity Shares Issued during the year   -   -   -   - 
 Equity Shares outstanding at the end of the year   82,63,700   826.37   82,63,700.00   826.37 
(ii) Detail of shar eholder holding more than 5 percent shares of the Company as on reporting date are given below:
   As at Mar ch 31, 2024   As at Mar ch 31, 2023  
   Numbers of   Per centage of   Numbers of   Per centage of
   Shar e held  Holding  Shar e held  Holding
 1.  T itan Securities Limited   27,76,155  33.59%   27,76,155  33.59%
 2.  T anita Leasing & Finance Limited   7,84,455  9.49%   7,84,455  9.49%
 3.   Connoisseur Management Services P . Ltd,   5,60,000  6.78%   5,60,000  6.78%
 4.   Investor Education And Protection Fund   7,27,932  8.81%   6,83,632  8.27%
  Authority (Ministry Of Corporate Affairs)
(iii) Rights, pr eferences and restrictions attached to shares     
 Equity shares   
 The Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of Rs. 10 each. Each shareholder is eligible for one vote per share held and 
carry a right to dividend. The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting, except in case of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining 
assets of the Company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding.
 Disclosure of Shareholding of Promoters    
 Disclosure of shareholding of promoters as at March 31, 2024 & March 31, 2023 is as follows:   
 Shares held by promoters
 S. No. Pr omoter Name   As at March 31, 2024   As at Mar ch 31, 2023   % Change
    No. of Shar es  % of Total  Shares  No. of  Shar es  % of Total Shares   during the year
 1 Madhu Gupta  66510  0.80  66510  0.80   -   
 2  Manju Singla  71210  0.86  71210  0.86   -   
 3  Naresh Kumar Singla  34510  0.42  34510  0.42   -   
 4  Raja Singla  61 100  0.74  61 100  0.74   -   
 5  Ravinder Gupta  7900  0.10  7900  0.10   -   
 6  Shivom Singla  35400  0.43  35400  0.43   -   
 7  Supriya Singla  54493  0.66  54493  0.66   -   
 8  Suresh Chand Singla  105671  1.28  105671  1.28   -   
 9  Udit Singla  50000  0.61  50000  0.61   -   
 10  Naresh Kumar Singla HUF  10000  0.12  10000  0.12   -   
 1 1  Ravinder Gupta HUF  1 11  0.00  1 11  0.00   -   
  12 Connoisseur Management 560000  6.78  560000  6.78   -   
   Services Private  Limited
 13  T anita Leasing & Finance  784455  9.49  784455  9.49   -  
    Limited   
 14  T itan Securities  Limited  2776155  33.59  2776155  33.59   -   
   Total 4617515   55.88  4617515   55.88  -
=== PAGE 133 ===
126
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
13  OTHER EQUITY                                                                                                                                                         (Rs. in lakhs)
 
Particulars Reserves and Surplus Other Comprehensive Income Total 
Other Equity
Capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Retained 
Earnings
Items that will not be 
Reclassified to Profit or Loss 
Remeasurement  
Gain / (Loss) 
of the defined 
benefit plans 
(Net of tax)
Equity 
Instruments 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (Net of 
tax)
Balance as at April 01, 2022             -         867.50  6,921.68                      8.86                         -          7,798.04 
Profit for the Year March 31, 2023                  -                   -    2,102.49                           -                              -           2,102.49 
Addition during the year                 -                   -                 -                             -                              -                       -   
Other comprehensive income (net of tax) 
for the year March 31, 2023                  -                   -                 -                        6.22                            -                   
6.22 
Dividend                  -                   -     (123.96)                           -                              -           (123.96)
Balance as at March 31, 2023             -         867.50 8,900.21                    15.08                         -    9,782.79 
Profit for the Year March 31, 2024                  -                   -    2,366.32                           -                              -           2,366.32 
Addition during the year                  -                   -                 -                             -                              -                         
-   
Other comprehensive income (net of tax) 
for the year March 31, 2024                  -                   -                  -                      17.48                            -                17.48 
Dividend                  -                   -     (148.75)                           -                              -           (148.75)
Balance as at March 31, 2024             -         867.50 11,117.78                    32.56                         -    12,017.84 
14.  FINANCIAL  LIABILITIES  (NON CURRENT)
14(a) BORROWINGS                                                                              (Rs. in lakhs)
    As at  As at
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
  Loan Fr om Bank    
  Secur ed   
  T erm Loan  
  (I)  From banks  29.90  130.61
  (II)  From  other parties  57.61  16.59
  Total    87.51   147.20
  Less: Curr ent Maturity of Long Term Borrowings (42.18)   (1 17.30)
  Total   45.33   29.90 
  Details of curr ent maturity of long term borrowing:  
  Secured  
  Term Loan  
  (I)  From banks  19.70  100.71
  (II)  From  other parties  22.48  16.59
  Total   42.18  1 17.30
14.  FINANCIAL  LIABILITIES  (CURRENT)
14 (b) BORROWINGS      (Rs. in lakhs)
     As at  As at
   Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
   Loans r epayable on demand   
   Fr om Bank   
   W orking Capital Loans (secured) -at amortised cost
   Cash Credit,Packing Credit and Bill Discounting Facilities 629.58  552.66
   Current Maturity of Long Term Borrowings(refer note 14)   42.18   1 17.30 
     671.76   669.96
=== PAGE 134 ===
127
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
 Note: (a) Terms of repayment of Borrowings:
(i)  Cash Credit, Packing Credit and Bill Discounting Facilities lending from HDFC Bank repayable on demand and bear interest of  Repo 
Rate + 3.88% P.A. with repayable amount as on 31.03.2024 is Rs.629.58 Lakhs   
(ii) V ehicle loan pending from TOYOTA FINANCIAL SERVICES INDIA LTD. repayable on equal monthly instalment of  Rs. 1.10 Lakhs 
bear interest of  8.50% P.A. with maturity date of  10-08-2026 having principal amount as on 31.03.2024 is Rs.28.81 Lakhs and TOY-
OTA FINANCIAL SERVICES INDIA LTD. on equal monthly instalment of Rs. 1.10 Lakhs bear interest of 8.50% P.A. with maturity 
date of 10.08.2026 having principal as on 31.03.2024 is Rs.28.80 Lakhs  
(iii) V ehicle loan pending from HDFC Bank repayable on equal monthly instalment of  Rs. 0.47 Lakhs bear interest of  8.70% P.A. with 
maturity date of  07-03-2025 having principal amount as on 31.03.2024 is Rs.5.38 Lakhs and HDFC Bank on equal monthly instalment 
of Rs. 1.31 Lakhs bear interest of  8.70% P.A. with maturity date of 05.11.2025 having principal as on 31.03.2024 is Rs.24.52 Lakhs
Note (b) : Charge on secured borrowings is as given below:  
1 Primary Security
(i) Cash Credit -> Hypothecation by way of  First and Exclusive charge on all present and future stocks and book debts for CC limit, FD 
for LC/BC.   
(ii) V ehicle loan is hypothecation on specific car.    
2 Collateral Security   
(i) Industrial Property at Plot No.902A,Block-A, RIICO Industrial Area, Bhiwadi,Rajasthan-301002 in the name of M/s Titan Biotech 
Limited. 
(ii) E 540 ,Chopanki,Chopanki Industrial Area,Near Highway,Bhiwadi,Rajasthan.    
Note (c) : above secured Loans (Other than Vehicle Loan) are personal guarantee of two directors.   
15  LEASE LIABILITIES  
15(a) Non Current Lease liabilities    (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
  Lease Liabilities 107.55   144.46
  Less:-Dischar ge of liabilties   (38.1 1)   (31.24) 
  69.44   1 13.22 
15(b) Current Lease Liabilities                                          (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
     Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
  Lease liabilities  43.76   38.10 
   43.76   38.10
  Amounts recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss as on 31-03-2024  
  Interest on Lease Liability    12.62   1 1.33  
  Depreciation on Right of Use asset  37.15  37.15 
  Impact due to change in Accounting Policy  
  On transition to Ind AS 116, the Company has recognised right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. The impact on transition is sum -
marized below:
      (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
     Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
  Operating Lease Liability as on 31-03-2024 as per Ind AS 116   186.30   186.30  
  Right of Use asset recognised as per Ind AS 116   1,093.55   1,004.38 
16  DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (Net)     (Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at                           As at
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
  Deferred Tax Liabilities   242.35   207.85  
  Less: Deferred Tax Assets   (105.1 1)   (87.1 1)
    137.24   120.74  
=== PAGE 135 ===
128
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
     (Rs. in lakhs)
ii  Movement in Deferred tax liabilities/ assets  As at  March 31, 2024   As at  Mar ch 31, 2023
  balances :-
  Deferr ed tax liabilities  Opening  Recognised  Recognised  Closing  Opening  Recognised/  Recognised  Closing
  /(assets) in r elation to:-  Balance   /r eversed through  in Other Balance  Balance  r eversed  in Other Balance
    Pr ofit or Loss   Compr ehensive    thr ough  Compr ehen-  
     Income    Pr ofit or Loss  sive Income  
  Deferred tax Assets in relation to:-        
  Provision for Employees Benefits  56.94   8.74   -     65.68   51.12   5.82   -     56.94 
  Leave Encashment   30.16   9.27   -     39.43   21.64   8.53   -     30.17
  T otal Deferred Tax Assets   87.10   18.01   -     105.1 1   72.76   14.35   -     87.1 1
  Deferred tax Liabilities in relation to:-       
  Depreciation and Amortization Expense   202.31   28.62   -     230.93   196.86   5.45   -     202.31 
  Re-measurement gain on defined benefit plans   5.54   -     5.88   1 1.42   3.45   -     2.09   5.54 
  Total Deferred Tax Liabilities  207.85   28.62   5.88   242.35   200.31   5.45   2.09   207.85 
17 (a)  PROVISIONS (NON-CURRENT)    
 (Rs. in lakhs)
    As at                           As at
    Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
  Provision for Employees Benefits  148.34  161.50 
   148.34   161.50 
17(b) PROVISIONS (CURRENT)
     (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
   Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
  Provision for Employees Benefits   55.64  33.21  
   55.64 33.21
18  TRADE PAYABLES
 (Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at                           As at
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
  Total outstanding dues of micro enterprise and small enterprises 55.65  -
  Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises 281.17  554.97
  336.82 554.97
 
  Aging for trade payable As at March 31,2024 as follows:        (Rs. in lakhs) 
         Particulars                       Outstanding for  following periods from due date of payment    Total
  Not due  Less than   1 - 2 years  2 - 3 years  Mor e than  
   1 year   3 years  
 MSME (Refer note-37)  45.99   9.66   -     -     -     55.65 
 Others   102.97   176.50   1.14   -     0.57   281.18  
 Disputed due-MSME   -     -     -     -     -     -   
 Disputed due-Others   -     -     -     -     -     -    
  148.96   186.16   1.14   -     0.57  336.83
   Aging for trade payable As at March 31,2023 as follows:    (Rs. in lakhs) 
   Outstanding for  following periods from due date of payment    Total
  Not due  Less than   1 - 2 years  2 - 3 years  Mor e than  
   1 year   3 years
  MSME (Refer note-37)  -     -     -     -     -     -   
  Others   447.86   106.32   0.49   0.20  0.10  554.97
  Disputed due-MSME   -     -     -     -     -     -   
  Disputed due-Others   -     -     -     -     -     -   
   447.86   106.32   0.49   0.20   0.10   554.97 
     (i) Note : There are no unbilled dues to be disclosed.  
=== PAGE 136 ===
129
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
19 OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES    
   (Rs. in lakhs) 
 Particulars  As at                           As at
  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Expenses Payable  292.07   242.55 
 Security deposits received from customers   5.84   4.84 
 Creditors for exp.   267.82   245.71
   565.73   493.10 
20 OTHER CURRENT  LIABILITIES   (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 Particulars  As at                   As at                          
  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Advance from customers  195.55   209.22 
 Statutory dues   43.26   33.62 
   238.81   242.84 
21 REVENUE FROM OPERA TIONS   (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars  As at                           As at
  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Sale of Products  16,407.21   14,399.93 
   16,407.21   14,399.93 
22 OTHER INCOME    (Rs. in lakhs) 
 Particulars  Y ear Ended                  Year ended
  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Interest  
  Bank Deposits   2.74   0.96 
  Others   5.83   3.47 
 Other Non-Operating Income   109.95   185.00 
 Gain on Financial Assets   
  Unrealised Gain   56.30   4.89 
    174.82   194.32  
23 COST  OF MATERIAL CONSUMED    (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars  Y ear Ended                  Year ended
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
 Raw Material  
 Opening Balance   2,274.74   2,241.62 
 Add : Purchases of Raw Material   8,468.33   7,104.78 
    10,743.07   9,346.40 
 Less: Closing Stock   2,656.36   2,274.74 
 Cost of Raw Material Consumed :  8,086.71   7,071.66 
 Packing Material  
 Opening Balance  21.21   28.90 
 Add : Purchases   4.25   1.18 
    25.46   30.08 
 Less: Closing Stock   22.93   21.21 
 Cost of Packing Material Consumed :  2.53   8.87 
 Total Cost of raw material and components consumed  8,089.24   7,080.53 
=== PAGE 137 ===
130
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
24 CHANGE IN INVENT ORIES OF FINISHED GOODS, WORK IN PROGRESS AND STOCK IN TRADE
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
 Particulars  Y ear Ended                  Year ended
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Inventories (At Commencement)                                       
 Finished Goods  360.79   319.93 
 W ork-in-Progress   754.1 1   701.76 
    1,114.90   1,021.69 
 Inventories (At Close)       
 Finished Goods   439.44   360.79 
 W ork-in-Progress   1,204.09   754.1 1 
    1,643.53   1,1 14.90
 (Increase)/ Decrease in Inventories   (528.63)  (93.21)
25 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT  EXPENSES   (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 Particulars  Y ear Ended                  Year ended
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Salaries & Wages   2,173.86   1,664.16 
 Contribution to Provident & Other Funds   141.50   1 16.39
 Staf f Welfare Expenses   55.70   40.35 
    2,371.06   1,820.90 
26 FINANCE COST   (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars  Y ear Ended                  Year ended
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
 Interest expense on financial liabilities at amortised cost  79.57   45.00 
 Other finance costs   23.10   18.20 
 Net interest on defined benefit arrangement   14.33   1 1.39 
    117.00   74.59   
27 DEPRECIA TION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSES   (Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars  Y ear Ended                  Year ended
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Depreciation Property Plant & Equipment  284.40   21 1.58 
 Amortisation intangible assets   2.68   2.65 
 Amortisation of right- of- use assets   45.98   45.81
    333.06   260.04 
=== PAGE 138 ===
131
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
28 OTHER EXPENSES   ( (Rs. in lakhs
 Particulars  Y ear Ended                  Year ended
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Manufacturing & Operating Overheads  
 Cartage & Freight Inward   1 14.19   1 14.66 
 Power & Fuel Exp.   997.92   882.75 
 Repair & Maintenance -Factory   84.08   73.79 
 Lab Exp   13.18   9.67 
 Consumable Store   103.03   76.19 
 Packing Material  444.18   380.15 
 Processing Char ges   56.35   39.41 
    1,812.93   1,576.62 
 Administrative Expenses   
 Auditors’ Remuneration - (a)  3.14   3.00 
 Bad Debts Written off   -     7.86 
 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)   63.90   50.65 
 Director  Sitting Fees   0.95   -   
 Economic Char ges  2.90   2.07 
 Factory Cleaning Exp.  16.52   12.58 
 Electricity Exp.   25.80   15.17 
 Rates & Taxes   35.50   48.04 
 Repair & Maintenance   
  Building   14.07   10.57 
  V ehicle   19.03   17.23 
  Others   15.80   15.37 
 Internal Audit Fees  0.20   0.20 
 Insurance   8.73   1 1.75 
 Legal & Professional Char ges   29.89   16.92 
 Loss due to Quality Issue   0.15   12.29 
 Rent Expense   33.00   0.38 
 Printing & Stationery & Postage   19.12   16.04 
 Security & Man Power Suppliers Char ges   33.44   14.71 
 Software Exp   8.90   4.51 
 T elephone Exp.   12.30   1 1.05 
 Other Expenses   14.47   12.89 
    358.16   283.28 
 Selling & Distribution Expenses   
 Advertisement Exp.   17.19   25.19 
 Business Promotion   244.01   238.97 
 Cartage & Freight Outward   376.59   337.53 
 Commission Paid   30.57   19.07
 T ravelling Exp.   207.95   159.14 
    876.31   779.90 
   3,047.40   2,639.80 
 (a)  Details of Statutory Auditor’s Remuneration are as follows:   
   Statutory Audit Fees  2.14   2.00 
   T axation matters   1.00   1.00 
     3.14   3.00
=== PAGE 139 ===
132
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
29 INCOME TAX EXPENSES   (Rs. in lakhs)
    Y ear Ended                  Year ended
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Current Tax expense  778.87   721.44 
 Deferred Tax expense   10.61   (8.89)
     789.48   712.55  
 The r econciliation of estimated income tax expense at statutory income tax rate to income tax expense reported in statement 
of profit and loss is as follows:
      (Rs. in lakhs)
     Y ear Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Profit before income taxes  3,152.90   2,81 1.61 
  Indian statut ory income tax rate  25.17%  25.17%
  Expected income tax expense  793.58   707.68 
 T ax effect of adjustments to reconcile expected income tax expense to 
 r eported income tax expense:   
 T ax impact of expenses which will never be allowed   35.31   28.64 
  Others (net)  (39.42)   (23.77)
  T otal income tax expense   789.48   712.55 
 The tax rate used for the year 2023-24 and 2022-23 is the corporate tax rate of 25.17%  (22% + surcharge @ 10% and cess @ 4%) and 
25.17% (22% + surcharge @ 10% and cess @ 4%) respectively payable on taxable profits under the Income Tax Act, 1961.Significant 
components of net deferred tax assets and liabilities for the year ended March 31, 2024 are given in Note 16.
30 EARNING PER SHARE                                                                                                                                    (Rs. in lakhs)
     Y ear Ended                  Year ended
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Profit for the period   2,366.32   2,102.49 
 Weighted average number of shares used in the calculation of EPS:  
 W eighted average number of Basic Equity Shares outstanding   82,63,700.00   82,63,700.00 
  W eighted average number of Diluted Equity Shares outstanding   82,63,700.00   82,63,700.00 
  Face value o f per share   10.00   10.00 
  Basic EPS (In Rs.)   28.64   25.44 
  Diluted EPS (In Rs.)   28.64   25.44 
31 Discontinuing Operations  
 The Company has not discontinued any operation during the year under audit. Hence there are no detail which need to be disclosed  
as required by Ind AS 105.
32 Disclosur e required by Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 19 on “Employee Benefits”:   
 Defined Benefit Plan-Gratuity
 Table I: Assumptions    (Rs. in lakhs)
     As at  As at                      
  Assumptions  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Discount Rates 7.18%  7.36%
  Rate of incre ase in Compensation levels  1 1.50%  1 1.50%
  Rate of Retu rn on Plan Assets   NA    NA  
  Expected Future Service   26.90 Years  26.99 Years   
 Table II: Service Cost   (Rs. in lakhs) 
     As at  As at                      
  Particular Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Current Service Cost  20.39   23.12 
  “Past Service Cost (including curtailment Gains/Losses)”   -     -   
 Gains or losses on Non Routine settlements   -     -   
 Total   20.39   23.12 
=== PAGE 140 ===
133
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
 Table III: Net Interest Cost  ( Rs. in lakhs) 
     As at  As at                      
  Particular Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Interest Cost on Defined Benefit Obligation  14.33   1 1.39
  Interest Income on Plan Assets   -     - 
 Net Interest Cost (Income)   14.33   1 1.39 
 T able IV: Change in Present Value of Obligations (Unfunded)   ( Rs. in lakhs) 
     As at  As at                      
  Particular Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Opening of defined benefit obligations  194.71   171.79
 Service cost   20.39   23.12 
 Interest Cost  14.33   1 1.39 
 Benefit Paid   (2.10)   (3.28)
 Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on total liabilities:   (23.36)   (8.31)
 - due to change in financial assumptions   1.82   (6.67)
 - due to change in demographic assumptions   (20.62)   - 
 - due to experience variance   (4.56)   (1.63)
 Closing of defined benefit obligation (Non-Funded)  203.97   194.71 
 Table V: Other Comprehensive Income  ( Rs. in lakhs) 
     As at  As at                      
  Particular Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Opening amount recognized in OCI outside P&L account  -     - 
  Actuarial ga in / (loss) on liabilities   23.36   8.31 
 Actuarial gain / (loss) on assets  -  -
 Closing amount recognized in OCI outside P&L account  23.36   8.31
  T able VI: The amount to be recognized in Balance Sheet Statement   ( Rs. in lakhs) 
     As at  As at                      
  Particular Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Present Value of Obligations  203.98   194.71
 Fair value of plan assets  -     - 
  Net Obligati ons   203.98   194.71 
  Amount not recognized due to  asset limit  -  -
  Net defined benefit liability / (assets) recognized in balance sheet (Unfunded)  203.98   194.71 
 T able VII: Expense Recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss   ( Rs. in lakhs) 
     Y ear Ended                  Year ended
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Service cost  20.39   23.12 
  Net Interest Cost   14.33   1 1.39 
 Expenses Recognized in the statement of Profit & Loss  34.72   34.51
 Table VIII: Change in Net Defined Obligations (Unfunded)  ( Rs. in lakhs)
     Y ear Ended                  Year ended
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Opening of Net defined benefit liability  194.71   171.79 
  Service cost  20.39   23.12 
  Net Interest Cost   14.33   1 1.39 
  Re-measurem ents  (23.36)   (8.31)
  Contribution  paid to fund   (2.10)   (3.28)
  Closing of Net defined benefit liability  203.97   194.71 
=== PAGE 141 ===
134
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
 T able IX: Reconciliation of Expense in Profit and Loss Statement   ( Rs. in lakhs) 
     Y ear Ended                  Year ended
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Present Value of Obligation as at the end of the year  203.97   194.71 
  Present Value of Obligation as at the beginning of the year   (194.71)   (171.79)
  Benefit Paid   2.10   3.28 
  Actual Retur n on Assets   -     -   
  OCI    23.36   8.31 
  Expenses Recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  34.72   34.51
 T able X: Reconciliation of Liability in Balance Sheet   ( Rs. in lakhs)
     As at  As at                      
  Particular Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 ”Opening net defined benefit liability / (asset)  194.71   171.79 
  Expense char ged to profit and loss account   34.72   34.51 
  Amount reco gnized outside profit & loss account  -  -
  Employer Contributions   (2.10)   (3.28)
  OCI    (23.36)   (8.31)
  Closing net defined benefit liability / (asset) (Unfunded)  203.97   194.71 
 T able XI: Sensitivity Analysis   
 Following table shows the sensitivity results on liability due to change in the assumptions: 
      ( Rs. in lakhs) 
     Y ear Ended                 Impact  Impact %
  Items   Mar ch 31, 2024  (Absolute)  
 Base Liability   203.97   
 Increase Discount Rate by 0.50%   201.29   (2.69)  -1.32%
  Decrease Discount Rate by 0.5 0%   206.76   2.78  1.36%
  Increase Sala ry Inflation by 1.00%   209.01   5.03  2.47%
 Decrease Salary Inflation by 1.00%   199.03   (4.94)  -2.42%
 Increase Salary Inflation by 5.00%   197.24   (6.74)  -3.30%
  Decrease Salary Inflation by 5 .00%   212.71   8.74  4.28%
 Note:  
 1   The base liability is calculated at discount rate of 7.18% per annum and salary inflation rate of 11.50% per annum for all future 
years. 
 2   Liabilities are very sensitive to salary escalation rate, discount rate & withdrawal rate.  
 3   Liabilities are very less sensitive due to change in mortality assumptions. Hence, sensitivities due to change in mortality are 
ignored.
      ( Rs. in lakhs) 
    Y ear Ended                 Impact  Impact %
 Items   Mar ch 31, 2023  (Absolute)  
 Base Liability 194.71   
 Increase Discount Rate by 0.50%  190.41   (4.30)  -2.21%
 Decrease Discount Rate by 0.50%   199.23   4.52  2.32%
 Increase Salary Inflation by 1.00%  202.48   7.77  3.99%
 Decrease Salary Inflation by 1.00%   187.29   (7.42)  -3.81%
 Increase Salary Inflation by 5.00%  185.47   (9.24)  -4.75%
 Decrease Salary Inflation by 5.00%   207.95   13.24  6.80%
 Note:  
 1   The base liability is calculated at discount rate of 7.36% per annum and salary inflation rate of 11.50% per annum for all future 
years. 
 2  Liabilities are very sensitive to salary escalation rate, discount rate & withdrawal rate.
 3  Liabilities are very less sensitive due to change in mortality assumptions. Hence, sensitivities due to change in mortality are 
ignored.
=== PAGE 142 ===
135
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
Table XII: Maturity Profile of Defined Benefit Obligation (Valued on undiscounted basis)
    (Rs. in lakhs)
 P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Year 1   56.21   33.64 
 Y ear 2   36.81   24.93 
 Y ear 3   30.80   25.19 
 Y ear 4   26.68   21.93 
 Y ear 5   23.12   21.03 
 After 5 Year   81.99   167.64 
 Total  255.61   294.36 
33 Disclosures of Provisions required by Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) 37 on “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and 
Contingent Assets”: 
 In the opinion of the Management , there are no provisions for  which disclosure is required during the financial year 2023-24 as per 
Accounting Standard (AS) 37 on “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets”. 
34 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments
 (I) Contingent Liabilities   
 There is a probability of liability arising in future as of the BG Amount.
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
 P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Contingent Liabilities  
 Guarantees to bank against credit facilities/ Performance guarantees    128.40   1 12.63 
   128.40  1 12.63 
 (II)   Commitments
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
 P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Uncalled liability on partly paid-up shares  1,161.55   551.26 
    1,161.55   551.26 
 Peptech Biosciences Limited (No. of Shares 3150050)   551.26   551.26 
 T itan Media Limited(No. of Shares 3499940)   610.29   -   
    1,161.55   551.26 
35 Gain or  loss on foreign currency transaction and translation: 
 The Company has made a gain of Rs 80.95 Lakh and Rs.131.50  Lakh on account of foreign currency transactions during the financial 
year 2023-24 and 2022-23 respectively due to exchange price fluctuation.  
36 Segment Reporting  
 A.  Primary Segment Reporting (by Business Segment):      
 (a).   Based on the guiding principles given in Ind AS 108 - “Operating segments”, the Company is primarily engaged in the business 
of  Biological Products. As the Company’s business activity falls within a single primary business segment, the disclosure 
requirements of Ind AS-108 in this regard are not applicable. 
 B. Secondary Segment Reporting (by Geographical demar cation):    
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
  Particulars  Y ear Ended                  Year ended
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
  Revenue from Operation 
  Domestic  10,757.81   9,979.85  
  Overseas  5,649.40   4,420.08 
  Total  16,407.21   14,399.93 
=== PAGE 143 ===
136
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
37  Information as required to be furnished as per section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 
(MSMED Act) for the year ended March 31, 2024 & March 31, 2023 are given below. This information has been determined 
to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information available with the Company         
(Rs. in lakhs)
    Particular As at  As at 
    Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
  i) Principal amount and interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier 
   covered under MSMED Act   
   Principal   9.66   -   
   Interest   -     -   
 ii)   The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED Act, 
   2006 along with amounts of the payments made to the supplier beyond the appointed day  
   Principal Paid during FY -  -
   Interest Paid during FY*  -  -
 iii)  The amount of interest due and payables for the period of delay in making payment 
   (Which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year ) but without 
   adding the interest specified under MSMED Act.  -  -
 iv)  The amount of Interest accrued and remaining unpaid  -  -
 v)   The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding 
   years, until such date when the interest dues as above actually paid to the small 
   enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible enterprise under section 
   23 of the MSMED Act, 2006.  
 *  The interest has been reversed since the same was not required to be paid as per
   the agreement/PO 
38 Disclosur e under Regulation 34 (3) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) (listing obligations and disclosure 
requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 Loans and advances (excluding advance towards equity) in the nature of loans and advances given to Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures, 
Associates and Firms/Companies in which directors are interested:
(Rs. in lakhs)
   Period ended 31/03/2024  Y ear ended 31/03/2023 
    Balance at   Maximum    Balance at   Maximum 
    Period end   Outstanding   Year end   Outstanding 
 1)  Associate:     
 (a)   Titan Media Limited -   -   -   - 
 (ii)  Firms/companies in which directors are interested    
 (a) T itan Securities Limited   -   125.00   -   165.00 
 (b)  T anita Leasing & Finance Limited   -   -   -   - 
 (c)  Connoisseur Management Services Private Limited   -   -   -   - 
 (d)  T ee Eer Securities & Financial Services Private Limited   -   -   -   - 
 (e)  Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd.  -   -   -   37.76 
39 Related Party Disclosur es:    
A. List of Related Parties:  
 i.  Associate  
   (a) Peptech Biosciences Limited  
   (b)  T itan Media Limited  
 ii. Significant influence over  the entity; 
   (a)  T itan Securities Limited  
 iii. Other  related parties  
   (a)  T anita Leasing & Finance Limited  
   (b)  Connoisseur Management Services Private Limited  
   (c)  T ee Eer Securities & Financial Services Private Limited
   (d)  Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd  
=== PAGE 144 ===
137
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
   (e)  Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd.
   (f)  Emprise Productions Private Ltd.
   (g)  Mbon Nutrients LLP 
   (h)  Suptex Industries Pvt. Ltd.  
   (i)  Simtex Mart Pvt. Ltd.
   (j)  SR Infratech  
   (k)  Eminent Realtech LLP
   (l)  T itan Agritech Limited  
   (m)  PG Micro Lab Solution LLP 
   (n)  Naresh Kumar Singla (HUF)  
   (o)  Suresh Chand Singla (HUF)  
   (p)  Mr . Brijesh Kumar Singh (Independent Director) w.e.f. 01/10/2023
   (q)  Mr . Dhairya Madan (Independent Director) w.e.f. 01/10/2023
   (r)  Mr . Abhishek Agarwal (Independent Director)  
   (s)  Mr . Rohit Jain (Independent Director)  
 iv. Key Managerial Personnel (KMP): 
   (a)  Mr .Naresh Kumar Singla (Managing Director)  
   (b)  Mr .Suresh Chand Singla (Managing Director)  
   (c)  Mr .Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary)  
   (d)  Mr .Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O)  
   (e)  Mr .Udit Singla (Whole Time Director) From 01.10.2023
   (f)  Mr .Shivom Singla (Whole Time Director)  From 01.10.2023
   (g)  Mr .Raja Singla (Whole Time Director)  
   (h)  Mrs Manju Singla (Director)  
   (i)  Ms Supriya Singla (Director)  
 v. Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel: 
   (a)  Mr . Udit Singla (Vice President-Media) till 30.09.2023
   (b)  Mr . Shivom Singla (Vice President-Bulk) till 30.09.2023
   (c)  Mrs Madhu Gupta  
   (d)  Mrs. Sachi Singla  
B. Disclosur e of transactions between the Company and Related Parties during the year in the ordinary course of business and 
status of outstanding balances at year end: 
 (a).  Details of significant transactions with Subsidiary , other related parties;
        (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particular Relationship  As at  As at                  
      Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Borr owings (Non-Current) (Net)    
 Titan Securities Limited Significant influence over , the entity;   125.00   (165.00)
  Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd.  Other related parties   -     (37.76)
       125.00   (202.76)
  Finance Costs  
 T itan Securities Limited  Significant influence over , the entity;   1.44   -   
       1.44   -   
 Dividend Issued   
 T itan Securities Limited  Significant influence over , the entity;   49.97   41.64 
 T anita Leasing & Finance Limited  Other related parties   14.12   1 1.77 
  Connoisseur Management Services  Other related parties   10.08   8.40
 Private Limited 
=== PAGE 145 ===
138
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
       (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particular Relationship  As at  As at                  
      Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
   Naresh Kumar Singla (HUF)  Other related parties   0.18   0.15 
       74.35   61.96 
   Pur chase of Shares    
  T ee Eer Securities & Financial  Other related parties   0.02   - 
   Services Private Limited  
       0.02   -
   Interest income   
   Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd. Other related parties   -     0.85 
       -     0.85 
   Revenue from Operations   
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd  Associate   464.02   621.82 
   Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd.  Other related parties   96.46   68.1 1 
   Mbon Nutrients LLP Other related parties  -     -   
   T itan Media Limited  Associate   1 1.76   3.20 
   PG Micro Lab Solution LLP Other related parties   29.60   34.66 
       601.84   727.79 
   Processing Charges (Job Work) 
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate   22.26   -   
   Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd  Other related parties   6.75   -   
       29.01   -   
   Fixed Assets Purchased 
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd  Associate   77.60   354.42 
   Expenditure(Rent)   
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd  Associate  36.00   1 1.00 
   Cost of Materials Consumed    
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd  Associate   283.34   85.53 
   Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd  Other related parties   1,735.51   1,679.95 
   Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd.  Other related parties   1,143.07   104.16 
   T itan Media Limited  Associate   -     0.66 
   Other Expenses   
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd  Associate   41.80   -   
       3,317.32   2,235.72
 (b). Details of signi fi cant transactions with Key Managerial Personnel:   
       (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particular Relationship  As at  As at                  
      Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
   Dividend Issued   
   Mrs Madhu Gupta  Relative of KMP 1.20   1.00 
   Mrs Manju Singla (Director)  KMP  1.28   1.07 
   Ms Supriya Singla (Director)  KMP  0.98   0.82 
   Mr Raja Singla  KMP  1.10   0.92 
   Mr Shivom Singla  KMP  0.64   0.53 
   Mr . Naresh Kumar Singla  KMP  0.62   0.52 
   Mr . Suresh Chand Singla  KMP  1.90  1.59 
   Mr . Udit Singla  KMP  0.90   0.75 
       8.62   7.20 
       
=== PAGE 146 ===
139
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
(Rs. in lakhs)
   Particular Relationship  As at  As at                  
      Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
   Short-term employee benefits    
   Dir ectors’ Remuneration
   Mr . Naresh Kumar Singla (Managing Director)  KMP  48.00   48.00 
   Mr . Suresh Chand Singla (Managing Director)  KMP  48.00   48.00 
   Mr . Udit Singla (Whole Time Director)  KMP  60.00   -   
   From 01.10.2023
   Mr . Shivom Singla (Whole Time Director)   KMP  60.00   -  
   From 01.10.2023 
   Mr . Raja Singla (Whole Time Director)  KMP  120.00   23.40 
       336.00   1 19.40 
   Leave Encashment   
   Mr .Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O)  KMP  0.43   0.39 
   Mr .Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary)  KMP  0.30   0.86 
       0.73   1.25 
   Bonus   
   Mr . Udit Singla (Vice President-Media) till 30.09.2023  Relative of KMP  0.94   1.87
   Mr . Shivom Singla (Vice President-Bulk)  Relative of KMP  0.94   1.87
   till 30.09.2023 
   Mr . Raja Singla (Senior Vice President-Production)  Relative of KMP -     1.17 
   Mrs. Madhu Gupta (V ice President Admn.)  Relative of KMP  0.48   -   
   Mr . Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O)  KMP  0.72   0.65 
   Mr . Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary)  KMP  0.94   0.84 
      4.02   6.40 
   Fees to Independent Directors  
   Mr . Brijesh Kumar Singh (Independent Director)  Independent Director   0.30   - 
   w .e.f. 01/10/2023 
   Mr . Dhairya Madan (Independent Director)  Independent Director   0.30   -   
   w .e.f. 01/10/2023
   Mr . Abhishek Agarwal (Independent Director)  Independent Director   0.35   -   
       0.95   -
   Salary & Wages   
   Mr . Udit Singla (Vice President-Media)  Relative of KMP  22.50   45.00 
   till 30.09.2023
   Mr . Shivom Singla (Vice President-Bulk)  Relative of KMP  22.50   45.00 
   till 30.09.2023
   Mr . Raja Singla (Senior Vice President- Production)  Relative of KMP  -     23.40 
   Mrs. Madhu Gupta (V ice President Admn.)  Relative of KMP  28.80   -   
   Mr .Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary)  KMP  20.95   22.96 
   Mr .Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O)  KMP  17.38   17.70 
       112.13   154.06
=== PAGE 147 ===
140
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
 (c).  Details of significant balances with Associates, KMPs, other related parties:-
        (Rs. in lakhs)
  Particular Relationship  As at  As at             
      Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Investments 
 Peptech Biosciences Limited  Associate   678.75   678.75 
 T itan Media Limited  Associate   203.45   -   
    882.20   678.75 
 Trade Receivables  
 Peptech Biosciences Ltd  Associate   42.48   201.26 
 Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd.  Other related parties   59.88   64.10 
 PG Micro Lab Solution LLP Other related parties   20.98   24.91 
     123.34   290.27 
 T rade Payable    
  Peptech Biosciences Ltd  Associate   6.23   18.75 
  Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd  Other related parties   169.70   183.91 
     175.93   202.66 
 Other  Current Liabilities    
 Mr .Suresh Chand Singla (Managing Director)  KMP  2.83   2.93 
 Mr .Udit Singla (Whole Time Director) From 01.10.2023  KMP  6.95   -   
 Mr . Udit Singla (Vice President-Media) till 30.09.2023  KMP  0.94   4.63 
 Mr . Shivom Singla (Vice President-Bulk) till 30.09.2023  KMP  0.94   4.58 
 Mr .Raja Singla (Whole Time Director)  KMP  -     4.35 
 Mr .Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O)  KMP  1.91   2.36 
 Mr . Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary)  KMP  2.84   2.68 
     16.41   21.53
 The Company has been advised that the computation of net profit for the purpose of Director’s Remuneration under section 197 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 need not be enumerated since no commission has been paid to the Directors. The Company has paid fixed 
monthly remuneration to the Director as per Companies (Appointment & Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.  
40. Financial instruments
 (I)  Financial instruments by category     (Rs. in lakhs)
      As at March 31, 2024  As at Mar ch 31, 2023  
  Particulars  Carrying  Fair    Carrying  Fair  
    V alue  V alue    Value  V alue 
  Financial Assets      
 Measur ed at amortised cost     
  Trade Receivable  1,865.79   1,865.79   2,100.77   2,100.77 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents   284.01   284.01   486.37   486.37 
  Other Financial Assets Non Current   164.87   164.87   161.52   161.52 
  Total Financial Assets  2,314.67   2,314.67   2,748.66   2,748.66 
  Financial liabilities    
  Measur ed at amortised cost     
  Borr owings-Non Current   45.33   45.33   29.90   29.90
  Borrowings-Current  671.76   671.76   669.96   669.96 
  T rade Payables   336.82   336.82   554.97   554.97 
  Other financial Liabilities   565.73   565.73   493.10   493.10 
  T otal Financial liabilities   1,619.64   1,619.64   1,747.93   1,747.93 
  Investment in Associate is measured at cost and hence are not required to be disclosed as per Ind AS 107 “Financial Instruments  
 D isclosures”. Hence, the same have been excluded from the above table.   
=== PAGE 148 ===
141
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
(II)    Fair value measurement   
 The following table shows the levels within the hierarchy of financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at 31 
March 2024 and 31 March 2023 :     
      ( Rs. in lakhs)
  Particulars  Fair  values   As at   As at
    hierar chy (Level)  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Financial Assets   
 Measur ed at amortised cost    
 Trade Receivable 3   1,865.79   2,100.77 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents  3   284.01   486.37 
 Other Financial Assets Non Current  3   164.87   161.52 
 Total Financial Assets   2,314.67   2,748.66 
 Financial liabilities 
 Measur ed at amortised cost   
 Borrowings-Non Current  3   45.33   29.90 
 Borrowings-Current  3   671.76   669.96 
 T rade Payables  3   336.82   554.97 
 Other financial Liabilities  3   565.73   493.10 
 Total Financial liabilities    1,619.64   1,747.93 
   
 III)  Fair  values hierarchy 
 Fair value of the financial instruments is classified in various fair value hierarchies based on the following three levels:“
 Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical assets or liabilities.   
 “Level 2: Inputs other than quoted price included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. 
as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).“
 The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using market approach and valuation 
techniques which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If 
significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in Level 2. 
 Level 3: Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).  
 If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the fair value is determined using generally 
accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the most significant inputs being the discount rate that 
reflects the credit risk of counterparty    
 The fair value of trade receivables, trade payables and other current financial assets and liabilities is considered to be equal to the 
carrying amounts of these items due to their short-term nature. Where such items are non-current in nature, the same has been 
classified as Level 3 and fair value determined using discounted cash flow basis. Similarly, unquoted equity instruments where 
most recent information to measure fair value is insufficient, or if there is a wide range of possible fair value measurements, cost 
has been considered as the best estimate of fair value.     
 There has been no change in the valuation methodology for Level 3 inputs during the year. The Company has not classified any 
material financial instruments under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 
during the year. .     
 Financial Risk Management Objectives And Policies
 The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The 
Company’s primary risk management focus is to minimize potential adverse effects of market risk on its financial performance. 
The Company’s risk management assessment and policies and processes are established to identify and analyze the risks faced 
by the Company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor such risks and compliance with the same. Risk 
assessment and management policies and processes are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the 
Company’s activities. The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company’s risk 
assessment and management policies and processes.   
 The Company’s financial risk management policy is set by the management. Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, 
fair values or future cash flows that may result from a change in the price of a financial instrument. The value of a financial in-
strument may change as a result of changes in the interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity prices and other market 
changes that affect market risk sensitive instruments. The Company manages market risk which evaluates and exercises inde-
pendent control over the entire process of market risk management. The management recommend risk management objectives 
and policies, which are approved by Senior Management and the Audit Committee.  
=== PAGE 149 ===
142
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
a)  Cr edit risk   
 ”Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its 
contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers. Credit risk arises from cash held 
with banks as well as credit exposure to clients, including outstanding accounts receivable. The maximum exposure to credit 
risk is equal to the carrying value of the financial assets. The objective of managing counterparty credit risk is to prevent losses 
in financial assets. The Company assesses the credit quality of the counterparties, taking into account their financial position, 
past experience and other factors. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful debts and impairment that represents its 
estimate of incurred losses in respect of trade and other receivables and investments.“  
 The Company’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. The demograph -
ics of the customer, including the default risk of the industry and country in which the customer operates, also has an influence 
on credit risk assessment. Credit risk is managed through continuously monitoring the creditworthiness of customers to which 
the Company grants credit terms in the normal course of business. An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting 
date on an individual basis for major customers. The history of  receivables shows a negligible provision for bad and doubtful 
debts.
 
i)   Concentration of Trade Receivables
 The Company’ s exposure to credit risk for Trade Receivables is presented as below. 
     ( Rs. in lakhs)
   P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
    Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
   Trade Receivables  (Bulk purchaser)  1,047.00   1,127.00 
   T rade Receivables  (Culture Media )   496.00   416.00 
   T rade Receivables  (Export)   323.00   557.00 
   Total  1,866.00   2,100.00 
 ii)  Cr edit risk exposure   
   Provision for expected credit losses
   As at 31 March 2024   (Rs. in lakhs)        
   Particulars Estimated gr oss   Expected cr edit   carrying amount 
    Carrying amount   losses   net of impairment 
    at default   pr ovision
   Trade Receivables  1,865.79   -     1,865.79 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents   284.01   -     284.01 
   Other Financial Assets Non Current   164.87   -     164.87 
   Total  2,314.67   -     2,314.67 
   As at 31 March 2023    (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particulars  Estimated gr oss   Expected cr edit   carrying amount 
    Carrying amount   losses   net of impairment 
    at default   pr ovision
   Trade Receivables  2,108.63   -     2,108.63 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents   486.37   -     486.37 
   Other Financial Assets Non Current   161.52   -     161.52 
   Total  2,756.52   -     2,756.52 
   Reconciliation of loss provision – expected credit losses     (Rs. in lakhs)
   Reconciliation of loss allowance    T rade Receivables
   Loss allowance on 31 Mar ch 2023     -   
   Impairment loss recognised/reversed during the year    -   
   Loss allowance on 31 March 2024   -
  b)  Liquidity risk
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The Company 
manages its liquidity risk by ensuring, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when 
due.   
=== PAGE 150 ===
143
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
  Maturities of financial liabilities
  The tables below analyze the company’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their contractual maturities:
     (Rs. in lakhs)
   Contractual maturities of financial T otal   On Demand  on due within  Over  1 Year Over  3 year
   liabilities as at Mar ch 31, 2024  Carrying Value  Payables  1 year within 3 Year  within 5 Year
   Trade Payables  336.82   -     336.82   -     -   
   Borrowings  717.09   -     671.76   45.33   -   
   Other financial Liabilities   565.73   523.55   42.18   -     -   
   Total   1,619.64   523.55   1,050.76   45.33  -  
   Contractual maturities of financial T otal   On Demand  on due within  Over  1 Year Over  3 year
   liabilities as at Mar ch 31, 2023  Carrying Value  Payables  1 year within 3 Year  within 5 Year
   Trade Payables  554.97   -     554.97   -     -   
   Borrowings   699.86   -     669.96   29.90   -   
   Other financial Liabilities   493.10   375.80   1 17.30   -     -   
   Total   1,747.93   375.80   1,342.23   29.90   -   
 c)  Market risk     
  Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, fair values or future cash flows that may result from adverse changes in market 
rates and prices (such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices) or in the price of market risk-sen-
sitive instruments as a result of such adverse changes in market rates and prices. Market risk is attributable to all market risk-sen-
sitive financial instruments and all short term and long-term debt. The Company is exposed to market risk primarily related to 
foreign exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and the market value of its investments. Thus, the Company’s exposure to market risk 
is a function of investing and borrowing activities.  
 i)  For eign exchange risk
   Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in 
foreign exchange rates.     
   The Company has international transactions and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from foreign currency trans -
actions (imports and exports). Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and 
liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the Company’s functional currency. The Company does not hedge its foreign 
exchange receivables/payables.     
   The following table sets forth information relating to foreign currency exposure (other than risk arising from derivatives 
disclosed below):
   (a)  For eign currency risk exposure:
        (Rs. in lakhs)
    Particulars   As at March 2024  As at Mar ch 2023
     FC  INR   FC  INR
    Financial Assets    
    T rade Receivables     
    USD   3,78,728.74   323.00   6,97,577.25   556.99 
    EURO   -     -     -     -   
    T otal   3,78,728.74   323.00   6,97,577.25   556.99 
    Financial Liabilities     
    T rade Payables  
    USD   1,581.50   1.34   506.01   0.42 
    EURO   124.25   0.1 1   -     -   
    T otal   1,705.75   1.45   506.01   0.42 
=== PAGE 151 ===
144
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
   (b)  Sensitivity
  The sensitivity of profit or loss to changes in the exchange rates arises mainly from foreign currency denominated 
financial instruments.
        (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particulars   As at March 2024  As at Mar ch 2023 
    Incr ease by 5%  Decr ease by 5%   Incr ease by 5%  Decr ease by 5%
   Financial Assets    
   T rade Receivables     
   USD   16.15   (16.15)   27.85   (27.85)
   EURO   -     -     -     -   
   Total  16.15   (16.15)   27.85   (27.85)
   Financial Liabilities    
   T rade Payables    
   USD   (0.07)   0.07   (0.02)   0.02 
   EURO   (0.01)   0.01   -     -   
   Total  (0.08)   0.08   (0.02)   0.02 
   (ii)   Inter est rate risk   
   The Company’s fixed rate borrowings are carried at amortised cost. They are therefore not subject to interest rate risk as de-
fined in Ind AS 107, since neither the carrying amount nor the future cash flows will fluctuate because of a change in market 
interest rates.
 
   The Company’s variable rate borrowing is subject to interest rate. Below is the overall exposure of the borrowing:
      (Rs. in lakhs)
   P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
    Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
   Variable rate borrowing  629.58   552.66
   Fixed rate borrowing   10.20  29.90
   Total 639.78  582.56 
   Sensitivity
   Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/lower interest expense from borrowings as a result of changes in interest rates.
     (Rs. in lakhs) 
   P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
    Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
   Interest rates – decrease by 50 basis points   47.85  42.00
   Interest rates – increase by 50 basis points  (47.85)   (42.00)
 (IV)  Capital management  
  The capital structure of the Company consists of equity, debt, cash and cash equivalents. The Company’s objective for capital 
management is to maintain the capital structure which will support the Company’s strategy to maximize shareholder’s value, 
safeguarding the business continuity and help in supporting the growth of the Company.  
41 The Board of Directors of the Company has recommended a dividend of Rs. 2.00 Per Equity share for the financial year ended on 
31st March 2024. The dividend will be paid after approval of the same by shareholders in the Annual General meeting.
=== PAGE 152 ===
145
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
42. CORPORA TE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) EXPENDITURE
 Particular Y ear Ended  Y ear Ended                      
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 In accordance with the provisions of section 135 of the Act, the Board of 
 Directors of the Company h ad constituted CSR Committee. The details 
 for CSR activities are as fol lows:   
 1.  Amount required to be spent by the company during the year   63.90   50.65 
 2.  Amount of expenditure incurred   63.90   50.65 
 3.  Shortfall at the end of the year   Nil   Nil 
 4.  T otal of previous year shortfall   Nil   Nil 
 5.  Reason for shortfall   Nil   Nil 
 6.  Nature of CSR activities  Promoting education (Item  Promoting education
   Promoting education No. II of  Animal welfare (Item
   schedule VII of  the Company  No. I,&IV  of schedule
   Act, 2013)   VII of  the Company 
    Act, 2013) 
 7.  Details of related party transactions in relation to   Nil   Nil 
  CSR expenditure as per relevant Accounting Standard
 8.  Where a provision is made with respect to a liability by   Nil   Nil 
  entering in to a contractual obligation, the movements in 
  the provision during the year .
43. Ratio    (Rs. in lakhs) 
 
Particulars Numerator Denominator  Year ended      
March 31, 2024 
 Year ended      
March 31,2023 
Variance(in %)
(a) Current ratio (in times) Current Assets Current Liabilities 3.77 3.36 12.20%
(b) Debt-Equity ratio (in times) * Total Debt Total Shareholder's Equity 0.06 0.08 -25%
(c ) Debt service coverage ratio (in times) Earnings Available for Debt Service Debt service = Interest & 
Lease Payments + Principal 
Repayments
13.78 11.77 17.08%
(d) Return on equity ratio (in %) Net Profits After Tax - Preference 
Dividend
Avg. Shareholder's Equity 18.42% 19.82% -1.40%
(e ) Inventory turnover ratio (in times) Cost of Goods Sold or Sales Avg Inventory 2.29 2.42 -5.37%
(f) Trade receivables turnover ratio (in 
times)
Net credit sales = Gross credit sales - sales 
return
Average Trade Receivable 8.27 7.71 7.26%
(g) Trade payables turnover ratio (in 
times)
Net credit purchases = Gross credit 
purchases - purchase return
Average Trade Payables 19.00 14.64 29.78%
(h) Net capital turnover ratio (in times) Net sales = Total sales - sales return Working capital = Current assets 
– Current liabilities
1.28 1.36 -5.88%
(i) Net profit ratio (in %) Net Profit Net sales = Total sales - sales 
return
14.42% 14.60% -0.18%
(j) Return on capital employed (in %) Earning before interest and taxes Capital Employed 23.91% 25.18% -1.27%
(k) Return on investment (in %) Net Return of Investments Cost of Investment 6.26% 1.03% 5.23%
Reasons for Variance                 
(b) Debt equity ratio falling which evaluate a low risk to shareholders. Ratio decrease due to reduction in loan   
(g) Higher purchases during the year has lead to increase in the ratio.
   
=== PAGE 153 ===
146
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
44 Additional Regulatory information:   
 i)  The Company does not have any benami property, and no proceeding has been initiated against the Company for holding any 
benami property.    
 ii)  The Company does not have any transactions with struck of f companies.    
 iii)  The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with Registrar of Companies (ROC) be -
yond the statutory period.   
 iv)  The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the financial year.
 v)  The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:  
  a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Company (ultimate beneficiaries) or  
  b)  provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on beha lf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.  
 vi)  The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the 
understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:  
  a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or party (ultimate beneficiaries) or  
  b)  provide any guaran tee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.   
 vii)  The Company does not have any transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961  (such as, search or survey or any 
other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).   
 viii)  The Company has not been declared as a wilful defaulter by any banks or any other financial institution at any time during the 
financial year or after the end of the reporting period but before the date when the financial  statements are approved.
 ix)  The title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than immovable properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease 
agreements are duly executed in favour of the Company) disclosed in the financial  statements included in property, plant and 
equipment and capital work-in progress are held in the name of the Company as at the balance sheet date. 
 x)  The Company does not have any loan or advance in the nature of loans granted to promoters, directors, KMPs and the related 
parties (as defined under Companies Act, 2013) either severally or jointly with  any other person, that are:
  a)  repayable on dema nd; or
  b)  without specifying  any terms or period of repayment.   
 xi)  Figures have been rounded of f to the nearest Lakhs rupees.
 xii)  a)  As per the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) notification, proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014, for the financial year commencing April 1, 2023, every company which uses accounting software for maintaining 
its books of account, shall use only such accounting software which has a feature of recording audit trail of each and every 
transaction, creating an edit log of each change made in the books of account along with the date when such changes were 
made and ensuring that the audit trail cannot be disabled. The interpretation and guidance on what level edit log and audit 
trail needs to be maintained evolved during the year and continues to evolve. 
  b)  The ERP used by the Company has not been enabled with the feature of audit trail log at the database layer to log direct 
transactional changes, due to present design of ERP. This is being taken up with the vendor. In the meanwhile, the Com-
pany continues to ensure that direct write access to the database is granted only via an approved change management 
process.
 xiii)  Security of current assets against borrowings  
  (Rs. in Lakhs)
Quarter Name of bank Particulars 
of Securities 
Provided
Amount as 
per books of 
account
Amount as reported 
in the quarterly 
return/ statement
Amount of 
difference
Reason for material 
discrepancies
Jun-23 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Inventories 3,842.58       3,842.13                0.45  Price and Quantity 
may very time to time 
from Stock Statement Sep-23 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Inventories 3,906.21       3,904.77                 1.44 
Dec-23 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Inventories 4,084.23        4,085.29             (1.06)
Mar-24 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Inventories 4,299.89       4,299.89                    -   
=== PAGE 154 ===
147
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
Quarter Name of bank Particulars 
of Securities 
Provided
Amount as 
per books of 
account
Amount as reported 
in the quarterly 
return/ statement
Amount of 
difference
Reason for material 
discrepancies
Jun-23 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables 2,060.66     1,578.36        482.30  Due to TDS/ TCS 
Entry & we pledge 
only 90 days Debtors 
& Creditors from our 
books 
Sep-23 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables 2,384.49   1,669.36         715.13 
Dec-23 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables 1,316.36             945.57         370.79 
Mar-24 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables 1,865.79        1,534.47         331.32 
45 Previous year’s figures have been reclassified / regrouped wherever necessary to conform to current year’s classification / disclo -
sure.     
46 The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘Code’) relating to employee benefits during employment and post-employment benefits received 
Presidential assent in September 2020. The Code has been published in the Gazette of India. However, the date on which the Code will 
come into effect has not been notified and the final rules/interpretation have not yet been issued. The Company will assess the impact 
of the Code when it comes into effect and will record any related impact in the period the Code becomes effective. Based on a pre-
liminary assessment, by the Company, the additional impact on Provident Fund contributions by the Company is not expected to be 
material, whereas, the likely additional impact on Gratuity liability / contributions by the Company could be material. The Company 
will complete their evaluation and will give appropriate impact in the financial statements in the period in which, the Code becomes 
effective and the related rules to determine the financial impact are published.  
47 The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on May 29, 2024.  
  
 
  
        
   
 
 
   
 
  
     
    
   
 
     
    
   
     
    
  
     
   
 
 
 
 
    
     
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Sur esh Chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director   Managing Director
 DIN-00027448  DIN-00027706     
CA Akhil Mittal   
Partner Charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Company Secretary  Chief Financial Officer   
UDIN-24517856BKHCCJ8506 ACS-12726   
Place : Delhi  
Date : 29.05.2024   
=== PAGE 155 ===

=== PAGE 156 ===
148
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the Members of Titan Biotech Limited 
Report on the Consolidated Ind AS financial Statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the consolidated Ind AS financial statements of TITAN BIOTECH LIMITED (hereinafter referred to as 
“the Holding Company”) and its Associates, Peptech Biosciences Limited and Titan Media Limited (holding company and 
its associate together have been referred to as the “Group”), which comprise the consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 
2024, and the consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive income), consolidated Cash Flow 
Statement and the consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter 
referred to as “the consolidated Ind AS financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration 
of report of other auditor on separate financial statements and on the other financial information of the associate, the aforesaid 
consolidated Ind AS financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”) 
in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in 
India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Group as at March 31, 2024, of its consolidated profit and other comprehensive 
income, consolidated cash flows and consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Companies 
Act, 2013. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of 
the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit 
of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder, 
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We 
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
Key Audit Matters
Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
consolidated Ind AS financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of 
the consolidated Ind AS financial statements as a whole, and informing our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate 
opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated 
in our report.
We have determined that there are no other key audit matters to communicate in our report.
Information Other than the Consolidated Ind AS financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexures to Board’s Report, Business 
Responsibility Report, Corporate Governance and Shareholder’s Information, but does not include the Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. 
Our opinion on the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any 
form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we 
have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that 
fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 
Management Responsibility for the Consolidated Ind AS financial Statements 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 
Act”) with respect to the preparation of these Consolidated Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair view of the 
financial position, financial performance, including other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of the 
Company in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in India, including Indian Accounting Standards (Ind 
AS) prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. 
=== PAGE 157 ===
149
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection 
and application of appropriate implementation and maintenance of accounting policies; making judgments and estimates 
that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that 
were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation 
and presentation of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statement that give a true and fair view and are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative 
but to do so. The Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the company’s financial reporting process. Audit trail 
compliance is also primarily the responsibility of the Management.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of Consolidated Ind AS financial Statement 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will 
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 
the basis of these Consolidated Ind AS financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also: 
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible for expressing our 
opinion on whether the company has internal financial controls with reference to Financial Statements in place and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls. 
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management. 
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements or, if 
such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to 
the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a 
going concern. 
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events 
in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to 
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2024 and are 
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public 
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated 
=== PAGE 158 ===
150
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that: 
 a) W e have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were 
necessary for the purposes of our audit. 
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from our 
examination of those books.
c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss including Other Comprehensive Income, 
the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are 
in agreement with the books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements;
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Ind AS financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards specified 
under Section 133 of the Act, read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended.
e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2024 taken on record by the Board 
of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2024 from being appointed as a director in terms of 
Section 164 (2) of the Act.
f) W ith respect to the adequacy of the Internal Financial Control with reference to Financial Statements of the Company 
and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A”. Our report expresses 
an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the Company’s internal financial controls over 
financial reporting.
g) In our opinion the managerial remuneration for the year ended March 31, 2024 has been paid/provided by the Company 
to its directors in accordance with the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act.
 h) W ith respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations 
given to us: 
 (i)  The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements – Refer Note 34 to the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements;  
 (ii)  The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any material 
foreseeable losses;
 (iii)  There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund by the Company during the year ended March 31, 2024.
 (iv)  a)   The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as disclosed in notes to 
accounts, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or 
invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company 
to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entity (‘Intermediaries’) with the understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or otherwise, that the intermediary shall, whether directly or indirectly lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (‘Ultimate 
Beneficiaries’) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
  b)  The Management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material 
either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person or entity, including 
foreign entity (‘Funding Parties’) with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the 
Company shall, whether directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (‘Ultimate Beneficiaries’) or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
  c)  Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to our attention that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (i) and 
(ii) of Rule 11 (e) as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material misstatement.
 (v) The dividend declared or paid during the year by the company is in compliance with section 123 of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
=== PAGE 159 ===
151
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
 (vi)  Based on our examination, which included test checks, and that performed by us including the audit of the associates 
companies, which incorporated in India whose financial statements/financial information have been audited under 
the Act, except for the instances mentioned below, the Holding Company and its, associate company have used 
accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility 
and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the respective software:
  (a) in respect of the Holding Company and one of the associates (M/s Peptech Biosciences Limited), the feature of 
recording audit trail (edit log) facility was not enabled at the database layer to log any direct data changes for the 
accounting software used for maintaining the books of account.
  Further , where audit trail (edit log) facility was enabled and operated, we auditors of such associate company                      
(M/s Titan Media Limited) did not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered.
For ANSK & Associates
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 026177N)
CA Akhil Mittal
Partner
(Membership No. 517856)
Place: New Delhi
Date: 29.05.2024
UDIN: 24517856BKHCC13892
Annexure -A to the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date on the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements of 
Titan Biotech Limited
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Titan Biotech Limited (‘the company’) as of 
March 31, 2024 in conjunction with our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements of the Company for the year 
ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on “the internal 
control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India(‘ICAI’). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its 
business, including adherence to company’s policies, the safe guarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and 
errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, 
as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our 
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an 
audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and 
the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if 
such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial 
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a 
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the 
assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material 
=== PAGE 160 ===
152
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on 
the Company’s internal financial controls system over financial reporting of the company.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting includes those 
policies and procedures that 
1. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; 
2. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being 
made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and 
3. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use or disposition of 
the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion 
or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to 
the risk that the internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes inconditions, 
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting 
and such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2024, based on the 
internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India.
For ANSK & Associates
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No. 026177N)
CA Akhil Mittal
Partner
(Membership No. 517856)
Place: New Delhi
Date:  29.05.2024 
UDIN: 24517856BKHCC13892
=== PAGE 161 ===
153
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2024   
    (Amt. in lakhs) 
           As at   As at 
Particulars   Note No.  31/03/2024   31/03/2023 
I  ASSETS   
1. Non-Current Assets   
 a.   Property , Plant and Equipment  2(a)   4,262.55   2,620.57  
 b.  Capital Work-in-Progress  2(b)   253.21   1,329.40  
   c.   Right of use Assets   3   931.21   960.39  
   d.   Other Intangible assets  4(a)   7.22   8.52  
 e.  Intangible assets under development  4(b)   2.28   -      
 f.   Financial Assets    
      (i)  Investments  5   2,819.24   1,540.55  
      (ii)  Other Financial Assets  6   164.87   161.52  
 T otal Non-current assets     8,440.58   6,620.95  
2. Curr ent Assets    
    a.  Inventories     7   4,557.10   3,616.96  
    b.  Financial Assets    
       (i)  T rade receivables  8   1,865.79   2,100.77  
      (ii)  Cash and cash equivalents  9   284.01   486.37  
    c.  Current Tax Assets (Net) 10(a)   5.28   -     
   d.  Other Current Assets   1 1   505.23   626.46  
 T otal Current assets     7,217.41   6,830.56 
TOTAL ASSETS    16,657.99   13,451.51 
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES   
A  Equity      
   a.  Equity Share Capital   12   826.37   826.37  
   b.  Other Equity   13   12,518.75   10,164.72  
TOTAL EQUITY    13,345.12  10,991.09 
B   Liabilities    
1.  Non-Curr ent Liabilities   
    a.  Financial Liabilities    
       (i)  Borrowings  14(a)   45.33   29.90  
       (ii)  Lease liabilities  15(a)   69.44   1 13.22  
     b.  Deferred tax liabilities (Net)  16   137.24   120.74 
     c.   Provisions   17(a)   148.34   161.50  
Total Non-Current Liabilities   400.35   425.36 
2.  Curr ent Liabilities    
  a.  Financial Liabilities   
    (i)  Borrowings  14 (a)   671.76    669.96 
       (ii)  Lease liabilities  15 (a)   43.76   38.10  
      (iii)   Trade payables  18   
        (a) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprise and small enterprises    55.65     -   
        (b) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro     281.17    554.97 
           enterprises and small enterprises
      (iv)  Other financial liabilities  19   565.73   493.10  
     b.  Other current liabilities  20  238.81   242.84  
     c.  Provisions   17 (b)  55.64     33.21 
    d.  Current Tax Liabilities (Net)  10(b)   -   2.88  
Total Current Liabilities    1,912.52   2,035.06  
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES    15,657.99   13,451.51  
Notes to Accounts   1-47   
The accompanying notes referred to above form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Sur esh Chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director   Managing Director
 DIN-00027448  DIN-00027706     
CA Akhil Mittal   
Partner Charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Co-Secretary Chief Financial Officer    
UDIN-24517856BKHCCI3892 ACS-12726   
Place : Delhi  
Date : 29.05.2024   
=== PAGE 162 ===
154
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
 CONSOLIDATED  STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2024  
     (Rs. in lakhs) 
            Year Ended  Y ear Ended 
   Particulars   Note No.  31/03/2024   31/03/2023
I.  Revenue from Operations  21   16,407.21   14,399.93 
II. Other Income   22   174.82   194.32 
III.  T otal Income (I+II)    16,582.03   14,594.25 
IV .  EXPENSES    
   Cost of Materials Consumed  23   8,089.24   7,080.53 
   Changes in inventories of finished goods, Stock-in-trade   24   (528.63)   (93.21)
   and work in progress
   Employee Benefits Expense  25   2,371.06   1,820.90 
   Finance Costs   26   1 17.00   74.59 
   Depreciation and Amortization Expense  27   333.06   260.04 
   Other Expenses   28   3,047.40   2,639.80 
   Total (IV)    13,429.13   1 1,782.65 
V .  Profit before Exceptional & Extraordinary items and Tax (III-IV)    3,152.90   2,81 1.61 
VI.  Exceptional Items    -   - 
VII.  Profit before Tax (V+VI)    3,152.90   2,81 1.61 
VIII.  T ax Expenses:   29   
 Current Tax     778.87   721.44 
    Deferred Tax (Net)    10.61   (8.89)
    Earlier year Taxes    (2.90)   (3.43)
IX.   Profit for the period (VII-VIII)    2,366.32   2,102.49 
    Share in profit of associate    1 18.98   381.93 
    Pr ofit for the period    2,485.30   2,484.42 
X.   Other Comprehensive Income    
A   (i)  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss    -     -   
     (ia) Re-measurement gain on defined benefit plans    23.36   8.31 
    (ii) Income tax on the above item    (5.88)   (2.09)
B   (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss    -     -   
    (ii) Income tax on the above item    -     -   
    Total Other Comprehensive Income for the period   17.48   6.22 
XI.   Total Comprehensive Income for the period (IX+X) (Comprising)   2,502.78   2,490.64
       Pr ofit (Loss) and other Comprehensive  Income for the period 
    Earnings per  Equity Share:  30  
    Basic (In Rs.)     30.07   30.06 
    Diluted (In Rs.)     30.07   30.06  
    Notes to Accounts   1-47   
The accompanying notes referred to above form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Sur esh Chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director   Managing Director
 DIN-00027448  DIN-00027706     
CA Akhil Mittal   
Partner Charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Co-Secretary Chief Financial Officer    
UDIN-24517856BKHCCI3892 ACS-12726   
Place : Delhi  
Date : 29.05.2024   
   
 
=== PAGE 163 ===
155
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
 CONSOLIDATED  CASH FLOW STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2023 
(Rs. in lakhs) 
       Year Ended  Y ear Ended 
 Particulars    31/03/2024   31/03/2023
A.  CASH FLOW  FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES   
 Profit before Tax    3,152.90   2,81 1.61 
 Adjustment for  :  
 Finance Costs    1 17.00   74.59 
 Provisions    32.63   31.23 
 Earlier year Taxes   2.90   3.43 
 Unrealised foreign exchange dif ferences   (9.14)   (17.14)
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses   333.06   260.03 
 Operating profit before working capital changes   3,629.35   3,163.75 
 Changes in working Capital:    
 (Increase) in Inventories   (940.15)   (148.98)
  (Increase)/ Decrease in Trade Receivables   244.98   (451.86)
  (Increase)/ Decrease in Other Financial Assets   (3.34)   7.03 
  Decrease in Other Current Assets   121.64   (32.89)
  Increase/ (Decrease) in Trade Payables   (218.17)   138.93 
 Increase/ (Decrease) in Other Financial Liabilities   72.63   122.86 
 Increase/ (Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities   (5.28)   68.95 
 Cash generation from Operation  2,901.66   2,867.79 
 Payment of Direct Taxes   (787.03)   (749.95)
 Net Cash generated - Operating Activities   2,1 14.63   2,1 17.84 
B. CASH FLOW  FROM INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES  
 Investment in equity shares   (1,159.71)   (755.50)
 Purchase of Property , Plant and Equipment   (1,948.49)   (307.37)
 Proceeds from Sale of Property , Plant & Equipment   22.12   29.44 
 Addition of Capital Work in Progress (Net)   1,076.18   (966.01)
 Purchase of Other Intangible Assets   (1.38)   (0.72)
 Purchase of Intangible assets under development   (2.28)   -   
 (Addition) in Right of use assets   (16.81)   (72.36)
 Net Cash Generated/ (Used) - Investing Activities   (2,030.37)   (2,072.52)
C. CASH FLOW  FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  
 Repayment of Long-term Borrowings    15.44   (78.22)
 Repayment of Lease Liabilities   (38.1 1)   1 1.49 
 Proceeds/(Repayment) of Short-term Borrowings (Net)    1.80   24.94 
 Finance Cost paid     (1 17.00)   (74.59)
 Dividend paid    (148.75)   (123.96)
 Net Cash (Used) - Financing Activities   (286.62)   (240.34)
 Net (Decr ease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents   (202.36)   (195.02)
 Add : Opening Cash and Cash Equivalents   486.37   681.39 
 Closing Cash and Cash Equivalents (r efer note-9)   284.01   486.37 
 Notes:    
1. The Cash Flow Statements have been prepared under the indirect method as set out in Accounting Standard (AS) on Statement of Cash Flow (Ind AS-
7).    
2. Figures in bracket represent outflows.   
3. Previous year’s figures have been regrouped wherever considered necessary to conform to this year’s classification.  
 
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Sur esh Chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director   Managing Director
 DIN-00027448  DIN-00027706     
CA Akhil Mittal   
Partner Charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Co-Secretary Chief Financial Officer    
UDIN-24517856BKHCCI3892 ACS-12726   
Place : Delhi  
Date : 29.05.2024   
=== PAGE 164 ===
156
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
CONSOLIDATED  STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2024
A.  Equity Shar e Capital                      (Amount in lakhs)
 Balance as at Change in equity  Restated balance  Change in equity  Balance as at
 April 1, 2023   shar e capital due  as at April 1, 2023  shar e capital  Mar ch 31, 2024 
  to prior  period errors   during the year 
 826.37   -    826.37    -     826.37 
 Balance as at Change in equity  Restated balance  Change in equity  Balance as at
 April 1, 2022   shar e capital due  as at April 1, 2022  shar e capital  Mar ch 31, 2023 
  to prior  period errors   during the year 
 826.37   -     826.37   -    826.37 
B. Other Equity
Particulars Reserves and Surplus Other Comprehensive Income Total Other 
Equity
Capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Retained 
Earnings
Items that will not be Reclassified 
to Profit or Loss 
Remeasurement  
Gain / (Loss) of 
the defined benefit 
plans (Net of tax)
Equity 
Instruments 
through other 
comprehensive 
income
 (Net of tax)
Balance as at April 01, 2022                  -                867.50           6,921.68                       8.86                       -           7,798.04 
Profit  for the Year March 31, 2023                     -                           -             2,484.42                             -   -            2,484.42 
Addition during the year                     -                           -                         -                              -                           -                        -   
Other comprehensive income (net of 
tax) for the year March 31, 2023                     -                           -                         -                         6.22                         -                   
6.22 
Dividend                     -                           -             (123.96)                             -   -            (123.96)
Balance as at March 31, 2023                  -                867.50           9,282.14                     15.08                       -    10,164.72 
Profit for the Year March 31, 2024                    -                           -             2,485.30                             -                           -           2,485.30 
Addition during the year -    -    -                                -                           -                        -   
Other comprehensive income (net of 
tax) for the year March 31, 2024 -                            -                         -                       17.48                         -                17.48 
Dividend  -                            -             (148.75)                             -   -            (148.75)
Balance as at March 31, 2024                  -    867.50  11,618.69  32.56  -     12,518.75 
    
 
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Sur esh Chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director   Managing Director
 DIN-00027448  DIN-00027706     
CA Akhil Mittal   
Partner Charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Co-Secretary Chief Financial Officer    
UDIN-24517856BKHCCI3892 ACS-12726   
Place : Delhi  
Date : 29.05.2024   
   
 
=== PAGE 165 ===
157
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2024 
1. Company Overview , Basis of Preparation and Significant Accounting Policies
 I Corporate Information 
  T itan Biotech Limited (“TBL” or “the Holding Company”) is a public limited company incorporated in India on 18.02.1992 
vide CIN-L74999RJ1992PLC013387 as a Non-govt Company limited by Shares and has its registered office at A-902 A, RIICO 
Industrial Area, Phase-III, Bhiwadi (Rajasthan) -301019. The shares of the Holding Company are listed on Bombay Stock 
Exchange Limited. The Holding Company is one of the leading manufacturer and exporter of the Biological products which are 
used in the field of Pharmaceuticals, Nutraceutical, Food & Beverages, Bio-technology & Fermentation, Cosmetic,Veterinary& 
Animal Feed etc. The Holding Company has three manufacturing facilities, one at A-902 A, RIICO Industrial Area, Phase-
III, Bhiwadi, Distt. Alwar, Rajasthan-301019 India and other one at E-539 &540, RIICO Industrial Area, Chopanki, Distt. 
Alwar, Rajasthan-301019 and at F-689 & 690, RIICO Industrial Area, Chopanki, Distt. Alwar, Rajasthan-301019 (India).. The 
Consolidated Financial Statements comprise the Holding Company and its subsidiary (referred to collectively as “the Group”). 
The principal activities of the subsidiary Company is manufacturing of Bio-Fertilizers, Bio-pesticides, Bio-insecticides etc. The 
Subsidiary Company has its manufacturing facility at RIICO Industrial Area Chopanki, Rajasthan. 
 II Basis of Pr eparation 
 a)  Statement of Compliance 
  Theses financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement principles 
laid down in the Indian Accounting Standard (‘Ind AS’) as per the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 
notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the other relevant provisions of the Act to the extent 
applicable. 
  The financial statements up to year ended March 31, 2017 were prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards notified 
under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read together with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 (Indian 
GAAP) andother relevant provisions of the Act. 
 b) Basis of measur ement
  The financial statements have been prepared on accrual basis and under the historical cost convention on accrual basis except 
for certain financial assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Historical cost is 
generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange of goods or services.  
 c ) Functional and Pr esentation currency
  Items included in the financial statements of the Company are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment 
in which the Company operates (“the functional currency”). The financial statements are presented in Indian National Rupee 
(‘INR’), which is the Company’s functional and presentation currency. All amounts have been given in Round off to Lakhs, 
unless otherwise indicated. 
 d) Current and Non-current classification
  All Assets and Liabilities have been classified as current and non-current as per the Company’s normal operating cycle and 
other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the nature of the business of the Company and its 
business time cycle from inception of an order and its completion on realization in cash and cash equivalents, the Company has 
ascertained the operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose of current and non-current classification of assets and liabilities. 
 e) Use of judgements and estimates
  In preparing these financial statements, the Management has made judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the 
application of accounting policies and the reported amount of assets, liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities and 
contingent assets as at the date of financial statements, income and expenses during the period. Actual results may differ from 
these estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to estimates are recognised 
prospectively in current and future periods.
 f) Measur ement of fair values
  A  number of the Company’s accounting policies and disclosures require measurement of fair values, for both financial and non- 
financial assets and liabilities. The Company has an established control framework with respect to measurement of fair values. 
The directors are responsible for overseeing all significant fair value measurements, including Level 3 fair values. Directors 
regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments.
  Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques as 
follows:
  - Level  1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
  - Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as 
prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices)
  - Level  3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
=== PAGE 166 ===
158
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
  When measuring the fair value of an asset or liability, the Company uses observable market data as far as possible. If the inputs 
used to measure the fair value of an asset or liability fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, then the fair value 
measurement is categorised in its entirely in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant 
to the entire measurement.
  The Company recognises transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period during which the 
changes have occurred.
 III Significant Accounting Policy
  The Group has consistently applied the following accounting  policies to till periods presented in the financial statements.
  a)  Principle of Consolidation 
  i)  The consolidated Financial Statement includes the financial statement of the parent company, its subsidiary company. 
The consolidated financial statement have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS 110 on “Consolidated financial 
statement” as per Companies (Indian Accounting Standard ) Rules 2015 notified under section 133 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act) and other relevant provisions of the act to the extent possible.  
  ii)  The Financial Statement of the Parent Company its Subsidiary company are prepared on line by line adding together 
like items of assets, liabilities, equity, income and expenses, intercompany balances and transactions and any 
unrealised gains arising from inter company transactions are eliminated. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same 
way as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no evidences of impairment.  
  iii)  The consolidated Financial Statements are prepared by adopting uniform accounting policies for like transactions and 
other events in similar circumstances and are presented to the extent possible, in the same manner as the Company’s 
separate financial statements.
  iv)  Non controlling Interest in the consolidated financial statement is identified and recognised after taking into 
consideration the amount of equity attributable to non controlling interest at date on which investment in subsidiary 
is made.
  v)  The Associate Company which is included in the consolidation and the parent company’s holding are as under:
    Name of the Company % of Shar e Holding  Place of Incorporation
      As at Mar ch 31, 2024  As at Mar ch 31, 2023  
      Peptech Bios ciences Limited  36.87%  36.87%  India
      Titan Media Limited  32.63%  Nil  India
 
  b)  Pr operty, Plant and Equipment
   i) Recognition and measur ement
  Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses, if any. Cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price, any directly 
attributable cost of bringing the item to its working condition for its intended use and estimated cost of dismantling 
and removing the item and restoring the site on which is located. Borrowing costs relating to acquisition of qualifying 
fixed assets, if material, are also included in cost to the extent they relate to the period till such assets are ready to 
be put to use. Capital work-in-progress includes cost of property, plant and equipment under installation / under 
development as at the balance sheet date. Advances paid towards the acquisition of property, plant and equipment 
outstanding at each balance date is classified as capital advances under other noncurrent assets. An item of property, 
plant and equipment is derecognised when no future economic benefit are expected to arise from the continued use 
of the assets or upon disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised 
in profit or loss.
    Estimated use ful lives of the assets are as follows:
    Nature of Tangible Assets Useful Life (years)
    Plant & Equip ments  10 – 20
    Building  30
    Laboratory Eq uipments  10
    Office Equipm ents  5
    Furniture, Fixtures & Equipments  10
    V ehicles  8-10
   ii) T ransition to Ind AS 
  On transition to Ind AS, the Group has elected to continue with the carrying value of all its property, plant and 
equipment recognised as at April 1, 2017 measured as per previous GAAP and use that carrying value as the deemed 
=== PAGE 167 ===
159
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
cost of the property, plant and equipment.
   iii) Depr eciation   
  Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is provided on the Straight Line Method based on the useful life of 
assets as prescribed under Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013. Depreciation on additions to or on disposal of 
assets is calculated on pro-rata basis i.e.from (upto) the date on which the property, plant and equipment is available 
for use (disposed off). 
  c) Recoverabil ity of Trade Receivables
   Judgements are required in assessing the recoverability of overdue trade receivables and determining whether a provision 
against those receivables is required. Factors considered include the credit rating of the counterparty, the amount and 
timing of anticipated future payments and any possible actions that can be taken to mitigate the risk of non-payment.
  d) Impairment of non-financial assets
   At each reporting date, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other than inventories and 
deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication on impairment. If any such indication exists, then the 
asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its 
estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss.
  e) Inventories
   Inventories are valued at lower of Cost and Net Realisable value. The cost of finished goods is determined by taking 
material, labour and related factory overheads including depreciation. Cost of material is determined on weighted 
average cost basis. Further the cost for Work-in-progress includes material cost, stage wise direct cost and other related 
manufacturing overheads including depreciation. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course 
of business, less estimated cost of completion and making the sale. Cost of raw materials, packing materials, stores and 
spares are determined on weighted average basis. Obsolete, slow moving and defective inventories are identified at the 
time of physical verification of inventories and where necessary, the same are written off or provision is made for such 
inventories.
  f )  Pr ovisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
   A  provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation that 
can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits  will be required to settle the obligation. 
Contingent liability is disclosed after careful evaluation of facts, uncertainties and possibility of reimbursement unless the 
possibility of an outflow of resource embodying economic benefit is remote. Contingent liabilities are not recognised but 
are disclosed in notes. Contingent assets are not disclosed in the financial statements unless an inflow of economic benefit 
is probable
  g )  Revenue Recognition 
   Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue is recognised when the 
significant risk and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the customer, recovery of the consideration is probable, 
the associated costs and possible return of goods can be estimated reliably, there is no continuing management involvement 
with the goods to the degree usually associated with the ownership and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably 
regardless of when the payment is being made.
   Export Incentive: Incentive on Export Income is recognised in books after due consideration of certainty of utilization / 
receipt of such incentives.
   Interest and Dividend Income: Interest income is recognized on a time proportion basis taking into account the amount 
outstanding and the rate applicable. Dividend income is recognized when the shareholders’ right to receive dividend is 
established.
  h )  Employee Benefits
   Short-term employee benefits are expenses as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount 
expected to be paid if the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past 
service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
   Post-Employment Benefits
   Defined contribution plan
   Defined benefit plan
   The Company provides for gratuity which is a defined benefit plan the liabilities of which is determined based on valuation, 
as at the balance sheet date, made by the independent actuary using the projected unit credit method. Re-measurement 
comprising of actuarial gains and losses, in respect of gratuity are recognised in OCI (other comprehensive income), in the 
period in which they occur.
   Re-mea surement recognised in OCI (other comprehensive income) are not reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss 
in Subsequent periods.
=== PAGE 168 ===
160
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
  i )  For eign Currency Transactions
   T ransactions in foreign currencies are translated into the Group’s functional currency at the exchange rates at the dates of the 
transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency 
at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured based on historical cost in 
a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Exchange differences are recognised 
in Statement of profit & loss. In accordance with Ind-AS 101 “First Time Adoption of Indian Accounting Standards”, the 
Company has continued the policy of capitalisation of exchange differences on foreign currency loans taken before the 
transition date.  
  j )  Borr owing costs
   Borrowing costs are interest and other costs (including exchange differences relating to foreign currency borrowings to 
the extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs) incurred in connection with the borrowing of funds. 
Borrowing costs directly attributable to acquisition or construction of an asset which necessarily take a substantial period 
of time to get ready for their intended use are capitalised as part of the cost of that assets. Other borrowing costs are 
recognised as an expenses in the period in which they are incurred. 
  k )  Income Tax
  l )  Segment Reporting
   The accounting policies adopted for the segment reporting are in conformity with the accounting policies adopted for 
the Group. The primary segments has been identified by taking into account the nature of product, the differing risks, 
the returns, the organisation structure and the internal reporting systems and the manner in which operating results are 
reviewed by the Management.
  m)  Cash and cash equivalents
   Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand and short-term deposits with original maturities of three 
months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of 
changes in value.
  n)  Cash fl ow statement
   Cash flow statements are prepared in accordance with “ Indirect Method” as explained in the Accounting Standard on 
Statement of Cash Flows ( Ind AS-7). The cash flows from regular revenue generating, financing and investing activity of 
the Company are segregated.
  o)  Earning per  share
   Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to Equity Shareholders 
by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. For the purpose of calculating diluted 
Earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable to Equity Shareholders and the weighted average 
number of shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential equity shares.
  p)  Intangible assets
   i) Recognition and initial measur ement
  Intangi ble assets are stated at their cost of acquisition. Any trade discount and rebates are deducted in arriving at the 
purchase price.
 ii) Subsequent measur ement (amortisation) 
  Intangi ble assets are amortized over their respective individual estimated useful life on Straight Line Method basis 
commencing from the date, the asset is available to the company for its use.
    Estimated useful lives of the assets are as follows:
    Nature of Intangible Assets Useful Life (years)
    Computer Software   8
    Software Lice nse    3-5
   iii) T ransition to Ind AS 
  On transition to Ind AS, the Company has elected to continue with the carrying value of all its intangible assets 
recognised as at April 1, 2017 measured as per previous GAAP and use that carrying value as the deemed cost of the 
intangible assets.
  q)  Financial in struments
   A  financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity 
instrument of another entity. Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party 
to the contractual provisions of the instruments.
   Financial asset and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction cost which are directly attributable 
=== PAGE 169 ===
161
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
to the acquisition or issue of financial instruments (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, 
on initial recognition. Transaction cost directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets financial liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss. Subsequently, financial instruments are measured 
according to the category in which they are classified.
   (i)  Financial Assets
  All purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases 
or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by 
regulation or convention in the market place.
  All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured in their entirely at either amortised cost or fair value, 
depending on the classification of the financial assets.
  Classification of financia l assets
  Classification of financial assets depends on the nature and purpose of the financial assets and is determined at the 
time of initial recognition.
  The Company classifies i ts financial assets in the following measurement categories:
  • those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income, or through profit or 
loss), and
  • those measured at amor tised cost
  The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms 
of the cash flows.
  A  financial asset that meets the following two conditions is measured at amortised cost unless the asset is designated 
at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option:
  • Business model test : the objective of the Company’s business model is to hold the financial asset to collect the 
contractual cash flows.
  • Cash flow characteristic test : the contractual term of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
  A  financial asset that meets the following two conditions is measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income unless the asset is designated at fair value through profit or loss under the fair value option:
  • Business model test : the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both 
collecting cash flows and selling financial assets.
  • Cash flow characteristic test : the contractual term of the financial asset gives rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
  All other financial assets  are measured at fair value through profit or loss.
  Investments in equity instrument at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
  On initial recognition, the Company can make an irrevocable election (on an instrument by instrument basis) to 
present the subsequent changes in fair value in other comprehensive income pertaining to investments in equity 
instrument. This election is not permitted if the equity instrument is held for trading. These elected investments are 
initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains / losses 
arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income. This cumulative gain or loss is not 
reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the investments.
  The Company has an equity investment in an entity which is not held for trading. The Company has elected to 
measure this investment at amortised cost. Dividend, if any, on this investments is recognised in profit or loss.
  Equity investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
  Investments representing equity interest in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are carried at cost less any 
provision for impairment. Investments are reviewed for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate 
that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
  Financial assets that do not meet the amortised cost criteria or fair value through other comprehensive income criteria 
are measured at fair value through profit or loss. A financial asset that meets the amortised cost criteria or fair value 
through other comprehensive income criteria may be designated as at fair value through  profit or loss upon initial  
recognition if such designation  eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that 
would arise from measuring assets and liabilities or recognising the gains or losses on them on different bases.
=== PAGE 170 ===
162
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
    Income Recognition:
  Interest income is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss using the effective interest method. Dividend 
income is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the right to receive dividend is established.
  Impairment
  The Company assesses at each reporting date whether a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) such as 
investments, trade receivables, advances and security deposits held at amortised cost and financial assets that 
are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are tested for impairment based on evidence or 
information that is available without undue cost or effort. Expected credit losses are assessed and loss allowances 
recognised if the credit quality of the financial asset has deteriorated significantly since initial recognition.
  Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the 
assets. For debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income, the loss allowance is recognised in other 
comprehensive income and is not reduced from the carrying amount of the financial asset in the balance sheet.
  The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no 
realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Company determines that the trade receivable 
does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject 
to the write-off. However, financial assets that are written-off could still be subject to enforcement activities under 
the Company’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are 
recognised in standalone statement of profit and loss.
  De-recognition of financial assets
  A  financial asset is derecognised only when
  • The Company has transferred the rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset or
  • Retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of the financial asset, but assumes a contractual obligation 
to pay the cash flows to one or more recipients.
   (ii)  Financial liab ilities and equity instruments
  Classification of debt or equity
  Debt or equity instruments issued by the Company are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance 
with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.
  Equity instruments
  An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of 
its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue 
costs.
  Financial liabilities
  Borrowings, trade payables and other financial liabilities are initially recognised at the value of the respective 
contractual obligations. They are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any discount or premium on redemption/ 
settlement is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss as finance cost over the life of the liability using the 
effective interest method and adjusted to the liability figure disclosed in the Balance Sheet. Financial liabilities are 
derecognised when the liability is extinguished, that is, when the contractual obligation is discharged, cancelled and 
on expiry.
  Offsetting Financial Instruments
  Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is included in the Balance Sheet where there is a legally 
enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset 
and settle the liability simultaneously.
 r)  Leasing
  Ef fective April 1, 2020, the Company has applied Ind AS 116 using modified retrospective approach and, therefore the 
comparative information has been regrouped accordingly.
  At inception of a contract, the Company assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if 
the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. To ssess 
whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Company assess whether:
  The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right of use asset is 
nitially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at 
or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the 
underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentive received.
  The right of use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight line method from the commencement date to the end of the 
lease term. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the basis of remaining lease term. In addition, 
=== PAGE 171 ===
163
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease 
liability.
  Estima ted useful lives of the assets are as follows:
    Nature of Right-of-use Assets Useful Life (years)
     Office premises (Comm ercial)  3-7
     Land     99
  The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, 
discounted using the Company’s incremental borrowing rate.
  Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the fixed payments, including in-substance fixed 
payments.
  The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a change 
in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in Company’s estimate of the amount 
expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Company changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a 
purchase, extension or termination option
  When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a orresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-
use asset, or is are structured solely to increase in line with expected general inflation to compensate for the lessor’s expected 
inflationary cost increases, such increases are recognised in the year in which such benefits accrue. Contingent rentals arising 
under operating leases are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.
  Operating leases
  Lease rental expenses from operating leases is generally recognised on a straight line basis over the term of the relevant lease. 
Where the rentals If any specific borrowing remains outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use, that borrowing 
is considered part of the funds that are borrowed generally for calculating the capitalisation rate.
=== PAGE 172 ===
164
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2024      
 2 (a).  PROPERTY PLANT AND EQUIPMENT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                (Rs. in Lakhs)
 Gross Carrying Value Depreciation Net Carrying value
   Description As at Additional / Sales / As at As at Additional /  Sales /  As at  As at  As at
  April  1, 2023  adjustments  adjustments  Mar ch 31, 2024  April 1, 2023  Adjustments  Adjustments  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
           
Buildings  1,303.42   772.18   -   2,075.60   416.58   45.09   -   461.67   1,613.93   886.84 
Plant and Equipment  2,433.62   1,01 1.79   22.65   3,422.76   847.23   204.07   2.18   1,049.12   2,373.64   1,586.39 
Office Equipments  38.08   6.19   -   44.27   29.32   3.53   -   32.85   1 1.42   8.76 
Furniture and Fixtures  88.68   57.20   -   145.88   71.27   7.77   -   79.04   66.84   17.41 
Vehicles   257.29   101.13   57.63   300.79   136.12   23.94   55.99   104.07   196.72   121.17 
Total  4,121.09   1,948.49   80.28   5,989.30   1,500.52   284.40   58.17   1,726.75   4,262.55   2,620.57 
Previous Year   3,844.51   307.37   30.79   4,121.09   1,290.30   21 1.57   1.35   1,500.52   2,620.57   2,462.89 
(i) The title deeds of the immovable properties are held in the name of the Company.
(ii) The Company has not revalued its property , plant and equipment
.2(b) CAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS                                                                                                                                                                                                            (Rs. in Lakhs)
 Cost  Amount 
 As at April 1, 2022  363.39
 Additions   966.01 
 Capitalised during the year - 
 As at Mar ch 31, 2023   1,329.40 
 As at April 1, 2023  1,329.40 
 Additions  4.86 
 Capitalised during the year   (1,081.05)
 As at Mar ch 31, 2024   253.21 
(i) The title deeds of the immovable properties are held in the name of the Company. 
 CAPITAL WORK IN PROGRESS AGEING 
 Ageing for capital works-in-progress as at March 31, 2024 as follows:
 Description Amount in CWIP for the period of T otal
 Less than 1 year 1-2 yrars  2-3 years  Mor e than 3 year 
Projects in progress -   253.21  -   -    253.21      
 -  253.21     -     -    253.21 
Ageing for capital works-in-progress as at March 31, 2023 as follows:
 Description Amount in CWIP  for the period of  T otal
 Less than 1 year 1-2 yrars  2-3 years  Mor e than 3 year 
Projects in progress 1,007.92  321.48    -     -     1,329.40   
 1,007.92  321.48    -     -    1,329.40
Project execution plans are modulated basis capacity requirement assessment on an annual basis and all the projects are executed as per rolling annual plan..   
 
     
=== PAGE 173 ===
165
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
3     RIGHT -OF- USE ASSETS          
 Set out below are the carring amount of right-of-use assets recognised and the movments during the period:
 (Rs. in Lakhs) 
Description Gross Carrying Value   Amortisation  Net Carrying Value 
 As at 
April 1,2023 
 Additions/
adjustments 
 Sales/ 
adjustments
 
 As at
 March 31,2024 
 As at 
April 1,2023 
Additions/ 
Adjustments
Sales/ 
Adjusments
 As at March 
31,2024 
 As at March 
31,2024 
 As at 
March 31,2023 
Land    847.71              6.80                   -      864.51      17.10                 8.83                -      25.93       838.58     830.61 
Office premises 
(Commercial)    229.03                      
-                    -      229.03      99.25               37.15                 -    136.40         92.63     129.78 
Total 1,076.74          16.80                  -   1,093.54    116.35            45.98                 -   162.33       931.21     960.39 
Previous Year 1,004.38          72.36                  -   1,076.74      70.54             45.81                 -    116.36  960.39       50.91 
(i) The Company has not revalued its Right of Use Assets.  
4 (a)    OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
             Summary of cost and net carrying amount of each class of Intangible assets are given below:              (Rs, In Lakhs)
Description Gross Carrying Value   Amortisation  Net Carrying Value 
 As at April 
1,2023 
 Additions/adjust-
ments 
 Sales/ adjust-
ments 
 As at March 
31,2024 
 As at April 1,2023  Additions/ 
Adjustments 
 Sales/ Adjust-
ments 
 As at March 
31,2024 
 As at March 
31,2024 
 As at March 
31,2023 
 Computer Software          48.40                      -                -        48.40            39.88              2.64                      -                  42.52                          5.88              8.52 
 Software Liances                 -     1.38                -          1.38                     -              0.04                      -                    0.04                          1.34                          -   
 Total         48.40            1.38                -          49.78      39.88              2.68                    -                     42.56                   7.22              8.52 
 Previous Year         47.69            0.72                 -       48.40      37.23              2.65                      -                  39.88                   8.52            10.45 
(i) The Company has revalued other intangible Assets. 
4(b). INT ANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER  DEVELOPMENT                                                                                                                                                                                     (Rs in lakh)
Cost  Amount 
As at April 1, 2022                       - 
Additions                       - 
Capitalised during the year                       - 
As at March 31, 2023                   - 
As at April 1, 2023                       - 
Additions                 2.28 
Capitalised during the year                       - 
As at March 31, 2024             2.28 
=== PAGE 174 ===
166
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
(Rs. in Lakh)
 Description Amount in Intangible Assets under Development for the period of T otal
 Less than 1 year 1-2 yrars  2-3 years  Mor e than 3 year
 Projects in progress 2.28  -  -  -  2.28
 2.28  -     -    -  2.28
 Description Amount in Intangible Assets under Development for the period of T otal
 Less than 1 year 1-2 yrars  2-3 years  Mor e than 3 year 
 Projects in progress -  -  -  -   -
  -     -    -  -  -
Note : New Accounting software - Navision Business Central is under development as on 31-03-2024.
5. INVESTMENTS                                                                                                                        (Rs. in Lakh)
  Face value  As at Mar ch 31, 2024  As at Mar ch 31, 2023
 NON CURR ENT INVESTMENTS  Per  Unit  No. of Shar e  V alue  No. of Shar e  V alue
 Associates     
 Fully paid-up      
 Peptech Bioscience Limited 10.00   12,74,940   127.49   12,74,940   127.49 
 T itan Media Ltd.  10.00   100   0.02   
      
 Partly paid-up      
 Opening Balance Share in Profit of Associate    381.93    - 
 (Peptech Bio science Limited)
 Add:- Share in Profit of Associate     104.70    381.93 
 (Peptech Bio sciences Limited)
 Peptech Bios cience Limited  10.00   31,50,050   551.26   31,50,050   551.26 
 T itan Media Ltd.  10.00   33,90,510   203.43   -     - 
 Add:- Share in Profit of Associate(     14.28    - 
 T itan Media Limited)  
 Total  78,15,600   1,383.1 1   44,24,990   1,060.68
 B. Investments Measur ed at Fair Value through Profit & Loss (FVTPL)
      (Rs. in Lakhs)
   As at  As at  
    Mar ch 31, 2024                      Mar ch 31, 2023
  Investments in Debt Instruments Quoted, fully paid up  1,436.13   479.87 
    1,436.13   479.87 
  Total Investments (A+B)  2,819.24   1,540.55
    (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 1)  The following shall also be disclosed:  As at                        As at         
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
 (a) Aggregate amount of quoted inv estments and market value thereof;   1,436.13   479.87 
 (b)  Aggregate amount of unquoted investments; and  1,383.1 1  1,060.68
 (c)  Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments.   -     -
    2,819.24   1,540.55 
=== PAGE 175 ===
167
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
    (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 2)  Category-wise Investments  As at                        As at         
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 (a) Financial Assets measured at amortised Cost  1,383.1 1   1060.68
 (b)  Financial Assets measured Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income   -     -  
 (c)  Financial Assets measured Fair Value through Profit and Loss   1,416.13   479.87 
   2,819.24  1,540.55
6 OTHER FINANCIAL  ASSETS          (Rs. in Lakhs) 
   As at  As at
 Particulars Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
 Security Deposits   96.69   95.71 
 Bank deposits with more than 12 months maturity   35.60   26.34 
 Balance with  Revenue Authorities   32.58   39.47 
   164.87   161.52
7 INVENTORIES  
   (Rs. in lakhs)
  As at  As at
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 At the lower  of cost or net realisable value  
 Raw Materia l   2,656.36   2,274.74 
 Finished Goods   439.44   360.79 
 W ork-in-progress   1,204.09   754.1 1 
 Packing Material   228.63   203.23 
 Stores & Spares Parts   28.58   24.09 
   4,557.10   3,616.96   
8 TRADE RECEIV ABLE   
   (Rs. in Lakhs) 
  As at  As at
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Considered good – Secured -   - 
 Considered good – Unsecured   1,762.09   1,997.07 
 Disputed Trade Receivables– considered good   103.70   103.70 
 T rade Receivables – credit impaired  -     -   
   1,865.79   2,100.77 
 Note : Trade receivables have been hypothecated with banks against working capital loans, refer note 14 for details. Also refer note 
39B for related parties details. 
 Ageing for trade receivable As at March 31,2024 as follows:                                                                       (Rs. in lakhs)
                                                   Outstanding for following periods fr om due date of payment Total
  Not Due  Less than  6 months  1 - 2 years  2 - 3 years  Mor e than  
 Particulars   6 months  1 year   3 years
 Undisputed trade receivables – considered good  1,477.66   169.26   66.46   10.50   3.38   34.83   1,762.09
 Undisputed trade receivables – which have  -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 significant increase in credit risk
 Undisputed trade receivables – credit impaired   -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 Disputed trade receivables – considered good  -     -     -     -     103.70   -     103.70 
 Disputed trade receivables – which have significant   -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 increase in credit risk
 Disputed trade receivables – credit impaired   -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 
   1,477.66   169.26   66.46   10.50   107.08   34.83   1,865.79 
=== PAGE 176 ===
168
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
  Ageing for trade receivable As at March 31, 2023 as follows:      (Rs. in Lakhs) 
      Outstanding for  following periods from due date of payment Total
   Not Due  Less than  6 months  1 - 2 years  2 - 3 years  Mor e than  
         Particulars   6 months  1 year   3 years
 Undisputed trade receivables – considered good  1,129.79   823.50   2.83   36.08   3.38   1.49   1,997.07 
 Undisputed trade receivables – which have   -     -     -     -     -     -     - 
 significant increase in credit risk  
 Undisputed trade receivables – credit impaired   -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 Disputed trade receivables – considered good   -     -     -     103.70   -     -     103.70 
 Disputed trade receivables – which have significant   -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
 increase in credit risk  
 Disputed trade receivables – credit impaired   -     -     -     -     -     -     -   
   1,129.79   823.50   2.83   139.78   3.38   1.49   2,100.77 
 (i) Note : Debts dues by        
         (Rs. in Lakhs)
  As at     As at
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Directors or other officers of the company *      -      -   
 Firm in which director is a partner       -      -   
 Private company in which director is a member       0.07    63.38 
 * Either severally or jointly       0.07    63.38 
 (ii) Note : There are no unbilled dues to be disclosed.
9  CASH AND CASH EQUIV ALENTS       (Rs. in lakhs)
  As at     As at
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
  Balance with Banks  274.05   483.58 
  Cash on hand   7.96   2.79 
  Bank Deposits with original Maturity less than 3 months                         2.00  -
  284.01  486.37 
10(a) CURRENT  TAX ASSETS (NET)  (Rs. in lakhs)
  Particulars As at       As at
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
  Advance Income tax/TDS  784.15  -
  Less:-Provision for Current Tax  (778.87)    -
   5.28 -
10(b) CURRENT TAX LIABILITY (NET)
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at     As at
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
  Provision for Current Tax  -   721.44 
  Less:Advance Income tax/TDS  -   (718.56)
   - 2.88
11 OTHER CURRENT  ASSETS   (Rs. in lakhs)
  As at   As at
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
 Balance with Revenue Authorities  62.14   105.39 
 Goods in transit included Raw material inventories   30.41   38.81 
 Advance for Investment   -   50.00 
 Advances to Suppliers   103.84   307.74 
 Advances to Others   284.99   103.98 
 Prepaid Expenses   18.72   12.29 
 Advance to Employees   5.13   8.25 
    505.23   626.46 
=== PAGE 177 ===
169
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
12 EQUITY  SHARES CAPITAL  (Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at  As at
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Authorized:  
 100,00,000 (Previous year 100,00,000 Equity Shares ) of `Rs.10/-each.  1000.00   1000.00 
   1000.00   1000.00 
 Issued:                  
 82,63,700 (Previous year 82,63,700) Equity Shares of  `Rs.10/- each   826.37   826.37 
   826.37    826.37
 Subscribed and Paid-up:     
 82,63,700 (Previous year 82,63,700) Equity Shares of  `Rs.10/- each   826.37   826.37
   826.37    826.37
 (i)  Reconciliation of Shar es outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period  
    As at March 31, 2024   As at Mar ch 31, 2023  
   Numbers   (Rs. in Lakhs)   Numbers   (Rs. in Lakhs) 
 Equity Shares outstanding at the beginning of the year  82,63,700   826.37   82,63,700.00   826.37 
 Add: Equity Shares Issued during the year   -   -   -   - 
 Equity Shares outstanding at the end of the year   82,63,700   826.37   82,63,700.00   826.37 
 (ii)  Detail of shar eholder holding more than 5 percent shares of the Company as on reporting date are given below:
   As at Mar ch 31, 2024   As at Mar ch 31, 2023  
  Name of Shar eholder Numbers of   Per centage of   Numbers of   Per centage of
   Shar e held  Holding  Shar e held  Holding
 1.  T itan Securities Limited   27,76,155  33.59%   27,76,155  33.59%
 2.  T anita Leasing & Finance Limited   7,84,455  9.49%   7,84,455  9.49%
 3.   Connoisseur Management Services P .Ltd,   5,60,000  6.78%   5,60,000  6.78%
 4.   Investor Education And Protection Fund   7,27,932  8.81%   6,83,632  8.27%
  Authority (Ministry Of Corporate Affairs)
(iii) Rights, pr eferences and restrictions attached to shares     
 Equity shares   
 The Company has one class of equity shares having a par value of Rs. 10 each. Each shareholder is eligible for one vote per share held and 
carry a right to dividend. The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting, except in case of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining 
assets of the Company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding.
 Disclosure of Shareholding of Promoters    
 Disclosure of shareholding of promoters as at March 31, 2024 & March 31, 2023 is as follows:   
 Shares held by promoters
 S.  Pr omoter Name   As at March 31, 2024   As at Mar ch 31, 2023   % Change
  No.   No. of Shar es  % of Total Shares  No. of Shar es  % of Total Shares  during the year
 1 Madhu Gupta  66510  0.80  66510  0.80   -   
 2  Manju Singla  71210  0.86  71210  0.86   -   
 3  Naresh Kumar Singla  34510  0.42  34510  0.42   -   
 4  Raja Singla  61 100  0.74  61 100  0.74   -   
 5  Ravinder Gupta  7900  0.10  7900  0.10   -   
 6  Shivom Singla  35400  0.43  35400  0.43   -   
 7  Supriya Singla  54493  0.66  54493  0.66   -   
 8  Suresh Chand Singla  105671  1.28  105671  1.28   -   
 9  Udit Singla  50000  0.61  50000  0.61   -   
 10  Naresh Kumar Singla HUF  10000  0.12  10000  0.12   -   
 1 1  Ravinder Gupta HUF  1 11  0.00  1 11  0.00   -   
  12  Connoisseur Management  560000  6.78  560000  6.78   -   
   Services Private  Limited
 13  T anita Leasing & Finance  Limited  784455  9.49  784455  9.49   -  
 14  T itan Securities  Limited  2776155  33.59  2776155  33.59   -   
   Total 4617515   55.88  4617515   55.88  0
=== PAGE 178 ===
170
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
13    OTHER EQUITY                                                                                                                                                         (Rs. in lakhs)
 
Particulars Reserves and Surplus Other Comprehensive Income Total 
Other Equity
Capital 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Retained 
Earnings
Items that will not be 
Reclassified to Profit or Loss 
Remeasurement  
Gain / (Loss) 
of the defined 
benefit plans 
(Net of tax)
Equity 
Instruments 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (Net of 
tax)
Balance as at April 01, 2022             -        867.50  6,921.68                     
8.86                         -          7,798.04 
Profit for the Year March 31, 2023 -                 -    2,484.42 -    -    2,484.42 
Addition during the year                   
-    -                  -   -    -                         
-    Other comprehensive income (net of tax) 
for the year March 31, 2023                 -   -                  -                       
6.22                           -                  
6.22 
Dividend                 -                 -     (123.96)                          -                             -           (123.96)
Balance as at March 31, 2023             -        867.50  9,282.14                  15.08                         -    10,164.72 
Profit for the Year March 31, 2024                   
-                  -    2,485.30                          -                             -          2,485.30 
Addition during the year                   
-    -                  -                            -                             -                        
-    
Other comprehensive income (net of tax) 
for the year March 31, 2024
                  
-                  -                  -                     
17.48                           -                
17.48 
Dividend                 -                 -     (148.75)                          -                             -           (148.75)
Balance as at March 31, 2024             -        867.50 11,618.69                  32.56                         -    12,518.75 
14.  FINANCIAL  LIABILITIES  (NON CURRENT)
14(a) BORROWINGS                                                                              (Rs. in lakhs)
     As at  As at
   Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
   Loan Fr om Bank    
   Secur ed   
   T erm Loan  
   (I)  From banks  29.90  130.61
   (II)  From  other parties  57.61  16.59
   Total   87.51   147.20
   Less: Curr ent Maturity of Long Term Borrowings (42.18)   1 17.30
   Total   45.33   29.90 
   Details of curr ent maturity of long term borrowing:  
   Secured  
   Term Loan  
   (I)  From banks  19.70  100.71
   (II)  From  other parties  22.48  16.59
   Total   42.18  1 17.30
14.  FINANCIAL  LIABILITIES  (CURRENT)
14 (b) BORROWINGS      (Rs. in lakhs)
     As at  As at
   Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
   Loans r epayable on demand   
   Fr om Bank   
   W orking Capital Loans (secured) -at amortised cost
   Cash Credit,Packing Credit and Bill Discounting Facilities 629.58  552.66
   Current Maturity of Long Term Borrowings(refer note 14)   42.18   1 17.30 
     671.76   669.96
=== PAGE 179 ===
171
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
 Note: (a)  T erms of repayment of Borrowings:
 (i) Cash Credit, Packing Credit and Bill Discounting Facilities lending from HDFC Bank repayable on demand and bear 
interest of  Repo Rate + 3.88% P.A. with repayable amount as on 31.03.2024 is Rs.629.58 Lakhs  
 (ii)  V ehicle loan pending from TOYOTA FINANCIAL SERVICES INDIA LTD. repayable on equal monthly instalment of  
Rs. 1.10 Lakhs bear interest of  8.50% P.A. with maturity date of  10-08-2026 having principal amount as on 31.03.2024 
is Rs.28.81 Lakhs and TOYOTA FINANCIAL SERVICES INDIA LTD. on equal monthly instalment of Rs. 1.10 Lakhs 
bear interest of 8.50% P.A. with maturity date of 10.08.2026 having principal as on 31.03.2024 is Rs.28.80 Lakhs
 (iii )  V ehicle loan pending from HDFC Bank repayable on equal monthly instalment of  Rs. 0.47 Lakhs bear interest of  8.70% 
P.A. with maturity date of  07-03-2025 having principal amount as on 31.03.2024 is Rs.5.38 Lakhs and HDFC Bank on 
equal monthly instalment of Rs. 1.31 Lakhs bear interest of  8.70% P.A. with maturity date of 05.11.2025 having principal 
as on 31.03.2024 is Rs.24.52 Lakhs
Note (b) :  Charge on secur ed borrowings is as given below:  
    1  Primary Security
 (i)  Cash Credit -> Hypothecation by way of  First and Exclusive charge on all present and future stocks and book debts 
for CC limit, FD for LC/BC.   
(ii) V ehicle loan is hypothecation on specific car.    
    2  Collateral Securit y   
 (i)  Industrial Property at Plot No.902A,Block-A, RIICO Industrial Area,Bhiwadi,Rajasthan-301002 in the name of M/s 
Titan Biotech Limited. 
 (ii)  E 540 ,Chopanki,Chopanki Industrial Area,Near Highway,Bhiwadi,Rajasthan.    
Note (c) : above secured Loans (Other than Vehicle Loan) are personal guarantee of two directors.   
15 LEASE LIABILITIES  
15(a) Non Current Lease liabilities    (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
  Lease Liabilities 107.55   144.46
  Less:-Dischar ge of liabilties   (38.1 1)   (31.24) 
  69.44   1 13.22 
15(b) Current Lease Liabilities                                                             (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
     Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
  Lease liabilities  43.76   38.10 
   43.76   38.10
  Amounts recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss as on 31-03-2024  
  Interest on Lease Liability    12.62   1 1.33  
  Depreciation on Right of Use asset  37.15  37.15 
  Impact due to change in Accounting Policy  
  On transition to Ind AS 116, the Company has recognised right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. The impact on transition is sum-
marized below:
      (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
     Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
  Operating Lease Liability as on 31-03-2024 as per Ind AS 116   186.30   186.30  
  Right of Use asset recognised as per Ind AS 116   1,093.55   1,004.38 
16  DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (Net)     (Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at                           As at
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
  Deferred Tax Liabilities  242.35   207.85  
  Less: Deferred Tax Assets   (105.1 1)   (87.1 1)
    137.24   120.74  
=== PAGE 180 ===
172
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
     (Rs. in lakhs)
  Movement in Deferred tax   As at  March 31, 2024   As at  Mar ch 31, 2023
  liabilities/assets balances :-
  Deferr ed tax liabilities  Opening  Recognised  Recognised  Closing  Opening  Recognised/  Recognised  Closing
  /(assets) in r elation to:-  Balance   /r eversed through  in Other Balance  Balance  r eversed  in Other Balance
    Pr ofit or Loss   Compr ehensive    thr ough  Compr ehen-  
     Income    Pr ofit or Loss  sive Income  
  Deferred tax Assets in relation to:-        
  Provision for Employees Benefits  56.94   8.74   -     65.68   51.12   5.82   -     56.94 
  Leave Encashment   30.16   9.27   -     39.43   21.64   8.53   -     30.17
  T otal Deferred Tax Assets   87.10   18.01   -     105.1 1   72.76   14.35   -     87.1 1
  Deferred tax Liabilities in relation to:-       
  Depreciation and Amortization Expense   202.31   28.62   -     230.93   196.86   5.45   -     202.31 
  Re-measurement gain on defined benefit plans   5.54   -     5.88   1 1.42   3.45   -     2.09   5.54 
  Total Deferred Tax Liabilities  207.85   28.62   5.88   242.35   200.31   5.45   2.09   207.85 
17 (a)  PROVISIONS (NON-CURRENT)        (Rs. in lakhs)
    As at                           As at
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
  Provision for Employees Benefits  148.34  161.50 
   148.34   161.50 
17(b) PROVISIONS (CURRENT)                                     (Rs. in lakhs)
   As at                           As at
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
  Provision for Employees Benefits   55.64  33.21  
   55.64 33.21
18  TRADE PAYABLES
( (Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at                           As at
    Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Total outstanding dues of micro enterprise and small enterprises 55.65  -
 T otal outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises  281.17  554.97
  336.82 554.97
     Aging for trade payable As at March 31,2024 as follows:     (Rs. in lakhs) 
             Particulars                       Outstanding for  following periods from due date of payment    Total
  Not due  Less than   1 - 2 years  2 - 3 years  Mor e than  
   1 year   3 years  
 MSME (Refer note-37)  45.99   9.66   -     -     -     55.65 
 Others   102.97   176.50   1.14   -     0.57   281.18  
 Disputed due-MSME   -     -     -     -     -     -   
 Disputed due-Others   -     -     -     -     -     -    
  148.96   186.16   1.14   -     0.57  336.83
     TRADE PAYABLES
      Aging for trade payable As at March 31,2023 as follows:    (Rs. in lakhs) 
   Outstanding for  following periods from due date of payment    Total
     Particulars  Not due  Less than   1 - 2 years  2 - 3 years  Mor e than  
   1 year   3 years
     MSME (Refer note-37)  -     -     -     -     -     -   
     Others   447.86   106.32   0.49   0.20   0.10   554.97
     Disputed due-MSME   -     -     -     -     -     -   
     Disputed due-Others   -     -     -     -     -     -   
  447.86   106.32   0.49   0.20   0.10   554.97 
 (i) Note : There are no unbilled dues to be disclosed.  
=== PAGE 181 ===
173
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
19 OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES    
   (Rs. in lakhs) 
  As at                           As at
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Expenses Payable  292.07   242.55 
 Security deposits received from customers   5.84   4.84 
 Creditors for exp.   267.82   245.71
   565.73   493.10 
20 OTHER CURRENT  LIABILITIES   (Rs. in Lakhs) 
  As at                   As at                          
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Advance from customers  195.55   209.22 
 Statutory dues   43.26   33.62 
   238.81   242.84 
21 REVENUE FROM OPERA TIONS   (Rs. in lakhs)
  As at                           As at
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Sale of Products  16,407.21   14,399.93 
   16,407.21   14,399.93 
22 OTHER INCOME    (Rs. in lakhs) 
  Y ear Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Interest  
  Bank Deposits   2.74   0.96 
  Others   5.83   3.47 
 Other Non-Operating Income   109.95   185.00 
 Gain on Financial Assets   
  Unrealised Gain   56.30   4.89 
    174.82   194.32  
23 COST  OF RAW MATERIAL AND COMPONENTS CONSUMED    (Rs. in lakhs)
   Y ear Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
 Raw Material  
 Opening Balance   2,274.74   2,241.62 
 Add : Purchases of Raw Material   8,468.33   7,104.78 
    10,743.07   9,346.40 
 Less: Closing Stock   2,656.36   2,274.74 
 Cost of Raw Material Consumed :  8,086.71   7,071.66 
 Packing Material  
 Opening Balance  21.21   28.90 
 Add : Purchases   4.25   1.18 
    25.46   30.08 
 Less: Closing Stock   22.93   21.21 
 Cost of Packing Material Consumed :   2.53   8.87 
 Total Cost of raw material and components consumed  8,089.24   7,080.53  
=== PAGE 182 ===
174
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
24 CHANGE IN INVENT ORIES OF FINISHED GOODS. WORK IN PROGRESS AND STOCK IN TRADE
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
   Y ear Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Inventories (At Commencement)                                       
 Finished Goods  360.79   319.93 
 W ork-in-Progress   754.1 1   701.76 
    1,114.90   1,021.69 
 Inventories (At Close)       
 Finished Goods   439.44   360.79 
 W ork-in-Progress   1,204.09   754.1 1 
    1,643.53   1,1 14.90
 (Increase)/ Decrease in Inventories   (528.63)  (93.21)
25 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT  EXPENSES   (Rs. in Lakhs) 
   Y ear Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Salaries & Wages   2,173.86   1,664.16 
 Contribution to Provident & Other Funds   141.50   1 16.39
 Staf f Welfare Expenses   55.70   40.35 
    2,371.06   1,820.90 
26 FINANCE COST   (Rs. in lakhs)
   Y ear Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
 Interest expense on financial liabilities at amortised cost  79.57   45.00 
 Other finance costs   23.10   18.20 
 Net interest on defined benefit arrangement   14.33   1 1.39 
    117.00   74.59   
27 DEPRECIA TION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSES   (Rs. in lakhs)
   Y ear Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Depreciation Property Plant & Equipment  284.40   21 1.58 
 Amortisation intangible assets   2.68   2.65 
 Amortisation of right- of- use assets   45.98   45.81
    333.06   260.04 
=== PAGE 183 ===
175
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
28 OTHER EXPENSES   ( (Rs. in lakhs
   Y ear Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Manufacturing & Operating Overheads  
 Cartage & Freight Inward   1 14.19   1 14.66 
 Power & Fuel Exp.   997.92   882.75 
 Repair & Maintenance -Factory   84.08   73.79 
 Lab Exp   13.18   9.67 
 Consumable Store   103.03   76.19 
 Packing Material  444.18   380.15 
 Processing Char ges   56.35   39.41 
    1,812.93   1,576.62 
 Administrative Expenses   
 Auditors’ Remuneration - (a)  3.14   3.00 
 Bad Debts Written off   -     7.86 
 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)   63.90   50.65 
 Director  Sitting Fees   0.95   -   
 Economic Char ges  2.90   2.07 
 Factory Cleaning Exp.  16.52   12.58 
 Electricity Exp.   25.80   15.17 
 Rates & Taxes   35.50   48.04 
 Repair & Maintenance   
  Building   14.07   10.57 
  V ehicle   19.03   17.23 
  Others   15.80   15.37 
 Internal Audit Fees  0.20   0.20 
 Insurance   8.73   1 1.75 
 Legal & Professional Char ges   29.89   16.92 
 Loss due to Quality Issue   0.15   12.29 
 Rent Expense   33.00   0.38 
 Printing & Stationery & Postage   19.12   16.04 
 Security & Man Power Suppliers Char ges   33.44   14.71 
 Software Exp   8.90   4.51 
 T elephone Exp.   12.30   1 1.05 
 Other Expenses   14.47   12.89 
    358.16   283.28 
 Selling & Distribution Expenses   
 Advertisement Exp.   17.19   25.19 
 Business Promotion   244.01   238.97 
 Cartage & Freight Outward   376.59   337.53 
 Commission Paid   30.57   19.07
 T ravelling Exp.   207.95   159.14 
    876.31   779.90 
   3,047.40   2,639.80 
 (a)  Details of Statutory Auditor’s Remuneration are as follows:   
   Statutory Audit Fees  2.14   2.00 
   T axation matters   1.00   1.00 
     3.14   3.00
=== PAGE 184 ===
176
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
29 INCOME TAX EXPENSES   (Rs. in lakhs)
    Y ear Ended                  Year ended
 Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Current Tax expense  778.87   721.44 
 Deferred Tax expense   10.61   (8.89)
     789.48   712.55  
 The r econciliation of estimated income tax expense at statutory income tax rate to income tax expense reported in statement 
of profit and loss is as follows:
      (Rs. in lakhs)
     Y ear Ended                  Year ended
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Profit before income taxes  3,152.90   2,81 1.61 
  Indian statut ory income tax rate  25.17%  25.17%
  Expected income tax expense  793.58   707.68 
 T ax effect of adjustments to reconcile expected income tax expense to 
 r eported income tax expense:   
 T ax impact of expenses which will never be allowed   35.31   28.64 
  Others (net)  (39.42)   (23.77)
  T otal income tax expense   789.48   712.55 
 The tax rate used for the year 2023-24 and 2022-23 is the corporate tax rate of 25.17%  (22% + surcharge @ 10% and cess @ 4%) and 
25.17% (22% + surcharge @ 10% and cess @ 4%) respectively payable on taxable profits under the Income Tax Act, 1961.Significant 
components of net deferred tax assets and liabilities for the year ended March 31, 2024 are given in Note 16.
30 EARNING PER SHARE                                                                                                                                                   (Rs. in lakh)
     Y ear Ended                  Year ended
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Profit for the period   2,485.30   2,484.42 
 Weighted average number of shares used in the calculation of EPS:  
 W eighted average number of Basic Equity Shares outstanding   82,63,700.00   82,63,700.00 
  W eighted average number of Diluted Equity Shares outstanding   82,63,700.00   82,63,700.00 
  Face value o f per share   10.00   10.00 
  Basic EPS (In Rs.)   30.07   30.06 
  Diluted EPS (In Rs.)   30.07   30.06 
31 Discontinuing Operations  
 The Company has not discontinued any operation during the year under audit. Hence there are no detail which need to be disclosed  
as required by Ind AS 105.
32 Disclosur e required by Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 19 on “Employee Benefits”:   
 Defined Benefit Plan-Gratuity
 Table I: Assumptions    (Rs. in lakhs)
 Assumptions  As at  As at                      
     Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Discount Rates 7.18%  7.36%
  Rate of incre ase in Compensation levels  1 1.50%  1 1.50%
  Rate of Retu rn on Plan Assets   NA    NA  
  Expected Future Service   26.90 Years  26.99 Years   
 Table II: Service Cost   (Rs. in lakhs) 
 P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
     Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Current Service Cost  20.39   23.12 
  “Past Service Cost (including curtailment Gains/Losses)“   -     -   
 Gains or losses on Non Routine settlements   -     -   
 Total   20.39   23.12 
=== PAGE 185 ===
177
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
 Table III: Net Interest Cost  ( Rs. in lakhs) 
 P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
     Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Interest Cost on Defined Benefit Obligation  14.33   1 1.39
  Interest Income on Plan Assets   -     - 
 Net Interest Cost (Income)   14.33   1 1.39 
 T able IV: Change in Present Value of Obligations (Unfunded)   ( Rs. in lakhs) 
 P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
     Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Opening of defined benefit obligations  194.71   171.79
 Service cost   20.39   23.12 
 Interest Cost  14.33   1 1.39 
 Benefit Paid   (2.10)   (3.28)
 Actuarial (Gain)/Loss on total liabilities:   (23.36)   (8.31)
 - due to change in financial assumptions   1.82   (6.67)
 - due to change in demographic assumptions   (20.62)   - 
 - due to experience variance   (4.56)   (1.63)
 Closing of defined benefit obligation (Non-Funded)  203.97   194.71 
 Table V: Other Comprehensive Income  ( Rs. in lakhs) 
 P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
     Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Opening amount recognized in OCI outside P&L account  -     - 
  Actuarial ga in / (loss) on liabilities   23.36   8.31 
 Actuarial gain / (loss) on assets  -  -
 Closing amount recognized in OCI outside P&L account  23.36   8.31
  T able VI: The amount to be recognized in Balance Sheet Statement   ( Rs. in lakhs) 
 P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
     Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Present Value of Obligations  203.98   194.71
 Fair value of plan assets  -     - 
  Net Obligati ons   203.98   194.71 
  Amount not recognized due to  asset limit  -  -
  Net defined benefit liability / ( assets) recognized in balance sheet (Unfunded)   203.98   194.71 
 T able VII: Expense Recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss   ( Rs. in lakhs) 
 Particulars  Y ear Ended                  Year ended
     Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Service cost  20.39   23.12 
  Net Interest Cost   14.33   1 1.39 
  “Expenses Recognized in the s tatement of Profit & Loss   34.72   34.51
 Table VIII: Change in Net Defined Obligations (Unfunded)  ( Rs. in lakhs)
 Particulars  Y ear Ended                  Year ended
     Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Opening of Net defined benefit liability  194.71   171.79 
  “Servicecost “  20.39   23.12 
  Net Interest Cost   14.33   1 1.39 
  Re-measurem ents  (23.36)   (8.31)
  Contribution  paid to fund   (2.10)   (3.28)
  Closing of Net defined benefit  liability   203.97   194.71 
=== PAGE 186 ===
178
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
 T able IX: Reconciliation of Expense in Profit and Loss Statement   ( Rs. in lakhs) 
 Particulars  Y ear Ended                  Year ended
     Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Present Value of Obligation as at the end of the year  203.97   194.71 
  Present Value of Obligation as at the beginning of the year   (194.71)   (171.79)
  Benefit Paid   2.10   3.28 
  Actual Retur n on Assets   -     -   
  OCI    23.36   8.31 
  Expenses Recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  34.72   34.51
 T able X: Reconciliation of Liability in Balance Sheet   ( Rs. in lakhs)
 P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
     Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 ”Opening net defined benefit liability / (asset)“  194.71   171.79 
  Expense char ged to profit and loss account   34.72   34.51 
  Amount reco gnized outside profit & loss account  -  -
  Employer Contributions   (2.10)   (3.28)
  OCI    (23.36)   (8.31)
  Closing net defined benefit liability / (asset) (Unfunded)  203.97   194.71 
 T able XI: Sensitivity Analysis   
 Following table shows the sensitivity results on liability due to change in the assumptions: 
      ( Rs. in lakhs) 
 Items   Y ear Ended                 Impact  Impact %
     Mar ch 31, 2024  (Absolute)  
 Base Liability   203.97   
 Increase Discount Rate by 0.50%   201.29   (2.69)  -1.32%
  Decrease Discount Rate by 0.5 0%   206.76   2.78  1.36%
  Increase Sala ry Inflation by 1.00%   209.01   5.03  2.47%
 Decrease Salary Inflation by 1.00%   199.03   (4.94)  -2.42%
 Increase Salary Inflation by 5.00%   197.24   (6.74)  -3.30%
  Decrease Salary Inflation by 5 .00%   212.71   8.74  4.28%
 Note:  
 1   The base liability is calculated at discount rate of 7.18% per annum and salary inflation rate of 11.50% per annum for all future 
years. 
 2   Liabilities are very sensitive to salary escalation rate, discount rate & withdrawal rate.  
 3   Liabilities are very less sensitive due to change in mortality assumptions. Hence, sensitivities due to change in mortality are 
ignored.
      ( Rs. in lakhs) 
 Items   Y ear Ended                 Impact  Impact %
  Mar ch 31, 2023  (Absolute)  
 Base Liability 194.71   
 Increase Discount Rate by 0.50%  190.41   (4.30)  -2.21%
 Decrease Discount Rate by 0.50%   199.23   4.52  2.32%
 Increase Salary Inflation by 1.00%  202.48   7.77  3.99%
 Decrease Salary Inflation by 1.00%   187.29   (7.42)  -3.81%
 Increase Salary Inflation by 5.00%  185.47   (9.24)  -4.75%
 Decrease Salary Inflation by 5.00%   207.95   13.24  6.80%
 Note:  
 1   The base liability is calculated at discount rate of 7.36% per annum and salary inflation rate of 11.50% per annum for all future 
years. 
 2  Liabilities are very sensitive to salary escalation rate, discount rate & withdrawal rate.
 3  Liabilities are very less sensitive due to change in mortality assumptions. Hence, sensitivities due to change in mortality are 
ignored.
=== PAGE 187 ===
179
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
Table XII: Maturity Profile of Defined Benefit Obligation (Valued on undiscounted basis)
    (Rs. in lakhs)
 P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Year 1   56.21   33.64 
 Y ear 2   36.81   24.93 
 Y ear 3   30.80   25.19 
 Y ear 4   26.68   21.93 
 Y ear 5   23.12   21.03 
 After 5 Year   81.99   167.64 
 Total  255.61   294.36 
33 Disclosures of Provisions required by Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) 37 on “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and 
Contingent Assets”: 
 In the opinion of the Management , there are no provisions for  which disclosure is required during the financial year 2023-24 as per 
Accounting Standard (AS) 37 on “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets”. 
34 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments
 (I) Contingent Liabilities   
 There is a probability of liability arising in future as of the BG Amount.
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at  As at                      
  Particular Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
   
 Guarantees to bank against credit facilities/ Performance guarantees    128.40   1 12.63 
   128.40  1 12.63 
 (II)   Commitments
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
   As at  As at                      
  Particular Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Uncalled liability on partly paid-up shares  1,161.55     551.25 
   1,161.55     551.26
35 Gain or  loss on foreign currency transaction and translation: 
 The Company has made a gain of Rs 80.95 Lakh and Rs.131.50  Lakh on account of foreign currency transactions during the financial 
year 2023-24 and 2022-23 respectively due to exchange price fluctuation.  
36 Segment Reporting  
 A.  Primary Segment Reporting (by Business Segment):      
 (a).   Based on the guiding principles given in Ind AS 108 - “Operating segments”, the Company is primarily engaged in the business 
of  Biological Products. As the Company’s business activity falls within a single primary business segment, the disclosure 
requirements of Ind AS-108 in this regard are not applicable. 
 B. Secondary Segment Reporting (by Geographical demar cation):    
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
   Y ear Ended               Year ended
  Particulars  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023 
  Revenue from Operation 
  Domestic  10,757.81   9,979.85  
  Overseas  5,649.40   4,420.08 
  Total  16,407.21   14,399.93 
=== PAGE 188 ===
180
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
37  Information as required to be furnished as per section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 
(MSMED Act) for the year ended March 31, 2024 & March 31, 2023 are given below. This information has been determined 
to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information available with the Company 
  Particular As at  As at 
    Mar ch 31,2024  Mar ch 31,2023
  i) Principal amount and interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier 
   covered under MSMED Act   
   Principal   9.66   -   
   Interest   -     -   
 ii)  The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED Act, 
   2006 along with amounts of the payments made to the supplier be yond the appointed day   
   Principal Paid during FY -  -
   Interest Paid during FY*  -  -
 iii)  The amount of interest due and payables for the period of delay in making payment 
   (Which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year ) but without 
   adding the interest specified under MSMED Act.  -  -
 iv)  The amount of Interest accrued and remaining unpaid  -  -
 v)  The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding 
   years, until such date when the interest dues as above actually paid to the small 
   enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible enterprise under section 
   23 of the MSMED Act, 2006.  
 *  The interest has been reversed since the same was not required to be paid as per
   the agreement/PO 
38 Disclosur e under Regulation 34 (3) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) (listing obligations and disclosure 
requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 Loans and advances (excluding advance towards equity) in the nature of loans and advances given to Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures, 
Associates and Firms/Companies in which directors are interested:
   Year ended 31/03/2024  Y ear ended 31/03/2023 
    Balance at   Maximum    Balance at   Maximum 
    Year end   Outstanding   Year end   Outstanding 
 1)  Associate:     
 (a)   Titan Media Limited -   -   -   - 
 (ii)  Firms/companies in which directors are interested    
 (a) T itan Securities Limited   -   125.00   -   165.00 
 (b)  T anita Leasing & Finance Limited   -   -   -   - 
 (c)  Connoisseur Management Services Private Limited   -   -   -   - 
 (d)  T ee Eer Securities & Financial Services Private Limited   -   -   -   - 
 (e)  Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd.  -   -   -   37.76 
39 Related Party Disclosur es:    
A. List of Related Parties:  
 i.  Associate  
   (a) Peptech Biosciences Limited  
   (b)  T itan Media Limited  
 ii. Significant influence over  the entity; 
   (a)  T itan Securities Limited  
 iii. Other  related parties  
   (a)  T anita Leasing & Finance Limited  
   (b)  Connoisseur Management Services Private Limited  
   (c)  T ee Eer Securities & Financial Services Private Limited
=== PAGE 189 ===
181
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
   (d)  Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd  
   (e)  Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd.
   (f)  Emprise Productions Private Ltd.
   (g)  Mbon Nutrients LLP 
   (h)  Suptex Industries Pvt. Ltd.  
   (i)  Simtex Mart Pvt. Ltd.
   (j)  SR Infratech  
   (k)  Eminent Realtech LLP
   (l)  T itan Agritech Limited  
   (m)  PG Micro Lab Solution LLP 
   (n)  Naresh Kumar Singla (HUF)  
   (o)  Suresh Chand Singla (HUF)  
   (p)  Mr . Brijesh Kumar Singh (Independent Director) w.e.f. 01/10/2023
   (q)  Mr . Dhairya Madan (Independent Director) w.e.f. 01/10/2023
   (r)  Mr . Abhishek Agarwal (Independent Director)  
   (s)  Mr . Rohit Jain (Independent Director)  
 iv. Key Managerial Personnel (KMP): 
   (a)  Mr .Naresh Kumar Singla (Managing Director)  
   (b)  Mr .Suresh Chand Singla (Managing Director)  
   (c)  Mr .Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary)  
   (d)  Mr .Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O)  
   (e)  Mr .Udit Singla (Whole Time Director) From 01.10.2023
   (f)  Mr .Shivom Singla (Whole Time Director)  From 01.10.2023
   (g)  Mr .Raja Singla (Whole Time Director)  
   (h)  Mrs Manju Singla (Director)  
   (i)  Ms Supriya Singla (Director)  
 v. Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel: 
   (a)  Mr . Udit Singla (Vice President-Media) till 30.09.2023
   (b)  Mr . Shivom Singla (Vice President-Bulk) till 30.09.2023
   (c)  Mrs Madhu Gupta  
   (d)  Mrs. Sachi Singla  
B. Disclosur e of transactions between the Company and Related Parties during the year in the ordinary course of business and 
status of outstanding balances at year end: 
 (a).  Details of significant transactions with Subsidiary , other related parties;
        (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particular Relationship  As at  As at                  
      Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Borr owings (Non-Current) (Net)    
 Titan Securities Limited Significant influence over , the entity;   125.00   (165.00)
  Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd.  Other related parties   -     (37.76)
       125.00   (202.76)
  Finance Costs  
 T itan Securities Limited  Significant influence over , the entity;   1.44   -   
       1.44   -   
 Dividend Issued   
 T itan Securities Limited  Significant influence over , the entity;   49.97   41.64 
 T anita Leasing & Finance Limited  Other related parties   14.12   1 1.77 
 Connoisseur Management Services  Other related parties   10.08   8.40
 Private Limited 
 Naresh Kumar Singla (HUF)  Other related parties   0.18   0.15 
       74.35   61.96
=== PAGE 190 ===
182
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
       (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particular Relationship  As at  As at                  
      Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
   Purchase of Shares    
  T ee Eer Securities & Financial  Other related parties   0.02   - 
   Services Private Limited  
       0.02   -
   Interest income   
   Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd. Other related parties   -     0.85 
       -     0.85 
   Revenue from Operations   
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd  Associate   464.02   621.82 
   Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd.  Other related parties   96.46   68.1 1 
   Mbon Nutrients LLP Other related parties  -     -   
   T itan Media Limited  Associate   1 1.76   3.20 
   PG Micro Lab Solution LLP Other related parties   29.60   34.66 
       601.84   727.79 
   Processing Charges (Job Work) 
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd Associate   22.26   -   
   Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd  Other related parties   6.75   -   
       29.01   -   
   Fixed Assets Purchased 
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd  Associate   77.60   354.42 
   Expenditure(Rent)   
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd  Associate  36.00   1 1.00 
   Cost of Materials Consumed    
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd  Associate   283.34   85.53 
   Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd  Other related parties   1,735.51   1,679.95 
   Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd.  Other related parties   1,143.07   104.16 
   T itan Media Limited  Associate   -     0.66 
   Other Expenses   
   Peptech Biosciences Ltd  Associate   41.80   -   
       3,317.32   2,235.72
 (b). Details of signi fi cant transactions with Key Managerial Personnel:   
       (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particular Relationship  As at  As at                  
      Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
   Dividend Issued   
   Mrs Madhu Gupta  Relative of KMP 1.20   1.00 
   Mrs Manju Singla (Director)  KMP  1.28   1.07 
   Ms Supriya Singla (Director)  KMP  0.98   0.82 
   Mr Raja Singla  KMP  1.10   0.92 
   Mr Shivom Singla  KMP  0.64   0.53 
   Mr . Naresh Kumar Singla  KMP  0.62   0.52 
   Mr . Suresh Chand Singla  KMP  1.90  1.59 
   Mr . Udit Singla  KMP  0.90   0.75 
       8.62   7.20 
=== PAGE 191 ===
183
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
       (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particular Relationship  As at  As at                  
      Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
   Short-term employee benefits    
   Dir ectors’ Remuneration
   Mr .Naresh Kumar Singla (Managing Director)  KMP  48.00   48.00 
   Mr .Suresh Chand Singla (Managing Director)  KMP  48.00   48.00 
   Mr .Udit Singla (Whole Time Director)  KMP  60.00   -   
   From 01.10.2023
   Mr .Shivom Singla (Whole Time Director)   KMP  60.00   -  
   From 01.10.2023 
   Mr .Raja Singla (Whole Time Director)  KMP  120.00   23.40 
       336.00   1 19.40 
   Leave Encashment   
   Mr .Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O)  KMP  0.43   0.39 
   Mr .Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary)  KMP  0.30   0.86 
       0.73   1.25 
   Bonus   
   Mr . Udit Singla (Vice President-Media)  Relative of KMP  0.94   1.87
   till 30.09.2023 
   Mr . Shivom Singla (Vice President-  Relative of KMP  0.94   1.87
   Bulk) till 30.09.2023 
   Mr . Raja Singla (Senior Vice  Relative of KMP -     1.17 
   President-Production)    
   Mrs. Madhu Gupta (V ice President Admn.)  Relative of KMP  0.48   -   
   Mr . Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O)  KMP  0.72   0.65 
   Mr . Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary)  KMP  0.94   0.84 
      4.02   6.40 
   Fees to Independent Directors  
   Mr . Brijesh Kumar Singh (Independent  Independent Director   0.30   - 
   Director) w .e.f. 01/10/2023 
   Mr . Dhairya Madan (Independent  Independent Director   0.30   -   
   Director) w .e.f. 01/10/2023
   Mr . Abhishek Agarwal (Independent Director)  Independent Director   0.35   -   
       0.95   -
   Salary & Wages   
   Mr . Udit Singla (Vice President-Media)  Relative of KMP  22.50   45.00 
   till 30.09.2023
   Mr . Shivom Singla (Vice President-Bulk)  Relative of KMP  22.50   45.00 
   till 30.09.2023
   Mr . Raja Singla (Senior Vice President-  Relative of KMP  -     23.40 
   Production)  
   Mrs. Madhu Gupta (V ice President Admn.)  Relative of KMP  28.80   -   
   Mr .Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary)  KMP  20.95   22.96 
   Mr .Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O)  KMP  17.38   17.70 
       112.13   154.06
=== PAGE 192 ===
184
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
 (c).  Details of significant balances with Associates, KMPs, other related parties:-
        (Rs. in lakhs)
  Particular Relationship  As at  As at             
      Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 Investments 
 Peptech Biosciences Limited  Associate   678.75   678.75 
 T itan Media Limited  Associate   203.45   -   
    882.20   678.75 
 Trade Receivables  
 Peptech Biosciences Ltd  Associate   42.48   201.26 
 Stalwart Nutritions Private Ltd.  Other related parties   59.88   64.10 
 PG Micro Lab Solution LLP Other related parties   20.98   24.91 
     123.34   290.27 
 T rade Payable    
  Peptech Biosciences Ltd  Associate   6.23   18.75 
  Phoenix Bio Sciences Private Ltd  Other related parties   169.70   183.91 
     175.93   202.66 
 Other  Current Liabilities    
 Mr .Suresh Chand Singla (Managing Director)  KMP  2.83   2.93 
 Mr .Udit Singla (Whole Time Director) From 01.10.2023  KMP  6.95   -   
 Mr . Udit Singla (Vice President-Media) till 30.09.2023  KMP  0.94   4.63 
  Mr . Shivom Singla (Vice President-Bulk) till 30.09.2023  KMP  0.94   4.58 
  Mr .Raja Singla (Whole Time Director)  KMP  -     4.35 
  Mr .Prem Shankar Gupta (C.F.O)  KMP  1.91   2.36 
  Mr . Charanjit Singh (Company Secretary)  KMP  2.84   2.68 
     16.41   21.53
 The Company has been advised that the computation of net profit for the purpose of Director’s Remuneration under section 197 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 need not be enumerated since no commission has been paid to the Directors. The Company has paid fixed 
monthly remuneration to the Director as per Companies (Appointment & Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.  
40. Financial instruments
 (I)  Financial instruments by category     (Rs. in lakhs)
      As at March 31, 2024  As at Mar ch 31, 2023  
  Particulars  Carrying  Fair    Carrying  Fair  
    V alue  V alue    Value  V alue 
  Financial Assets      
 Measur ed at amortised cost     
  Trade Receivable  1,865.79   1,865.79   2,100.77   2,100.77 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents   284.01   284.01   486.37   486.37 
  Other Financial Assets Non Current   164.87   164.87   161.52   161.52 
  Total Financial Assets  2,314.67   2,314.67   2,748.66   2,748.66 
  Financial liabilities    
  Measur ed at amortised cost     
  Borr owings-Non Current   45.33   45.33   29.90   29.90
  Borrowings-Current  671.76   671.76   669.96   669.96 
  T rade Payables   336.82   336.82   554.97   554.97 
  Other financial Liabilities   565.73   565.73   493.10   493.10 
  T otal Financial liabilities   1,619.64   1,619.64   1,747.93   1,747.93 
 Investment in Associate is measured at cost and hence are not required to be disclosed as per Ind AS 107 “Financial Instruments Dis-
closures”. Hence, the same have been excluded from the above table.  
=== PAGE 193 ===
185
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
(II)    Fair value measurement   
 The following table shows the levels within the hierarchy of financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at 31 
March 2024 and 31 March 2023 :     
      ( Rs. in lakhs)
  Particulars  Fair  values   As at   As at
    hierar chy (Level)  Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31, 2023
 Financial Assets   
 Measur ed at amortised cost    
 T rade Receivable  3   1,865.79   2,100.77 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents  3   284.01   486.37 
 Other Financial Assets Non Current  3   164.87   161.52 
 Total Financial Assets   2,314.67   2,748.66 
 Financial liabilities 
 Measur ed at amortised cost   
 Borrowings-Non Current  3   45.33   29.90 
 Borrowings-Current  3   671.76   669.96 
 T rade Payables  3   336.82   554.97 
 Other financial Liabilities  3   565.73   493.10 
 Total Financial liabilities    1,619.64   1,747.93 
   
 III)  Fair  values hierarchy 
 Fair value of the financial instruments is classified in various fair value hierarchies based on the following three levels:“
 Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical assets or liabilities.   
 “Level 2: Inputs other than quoted price included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. 
as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).“
 The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using market approach and valua -
tion techniques which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If 
significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in Level 2. 
 Level 3: Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).  
 If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the fair value is determined using generally 
accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the most significant inputs being the discount rate that 
reflects the credit risk of counterparty    
 The fair value of trade receivables, trade payables and other current financial assets and liabilities is considered to be equal to the 
carrying amounts of these items due to their short-term nature. Where such items are non-current in nature, the same has been 
classified as Level 3 and fair value determined using discounted cash flow basis. Similarly, unquoted equity instruments where 
most recent information to measure fair value is insufficient, or if there is a wide range of possible fair value measurements, cost 
has been considered as the best estimate of fair value.     
 There has been no change in the valuation methodology for Level 3 inputs during the year. The Company has not classified any 
material financial instruments under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 
during the year. .     
 Financial Risk Management Objectives And Policies
 The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Com-
pany’s primary risk management focus is to minimize potential adverse effects of market risk on its financial performance. The 
Company’s risk management assessment and policies and processes are established to identify and analyze the risks faced by 
the Company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor such risks and compliance with the same. Risk assess-
ment and management policies and processes are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s 
activities. The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company’s risk assessment and 
management policies and processes.   
 The Company’s financial risk management policy is set by the management. Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, 
fair values or future cash flows that may result from a change in the price of a financial instrument. The value of a financial in-
strument may change as a result of changes in the interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity prices and other market 
changes that affect market risk sensitive instruments. The Company manages market risk which evaluates and exercises inde-
pendent control over the entire process of market risk management. The management recommend risk management objectives 
and policies, which are approved by Senior Management and the Audit Committee.  
=== PAGE 194 ===
186
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
a)  Cr edit risk   
 ”Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its 
contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers. Credit risk arises from cash held 
with banks as well as credit exposure to clients, including outstanding accounts receivable. The maximum exposure to credit 
risk is equal to the carrying value of the financial assets. The objective of managing counterparty credit risk is to prevent losses 
in financial assets. The Company assesses the credit quality of the counterparties, taking into account their financial position, 
past experience and other factors. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful debts and impairment that represents its 
estimate of incurred losses in respect of trade and other receivables and investments.“  
 The Company’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. The demograph -
ics of the customer, including the default risk of the industry and country in which the customer operates, also has an influence 
on credit risk assessment. Credit risk is managed through continuously monitoring the creditworthiness of customers to which 
the Company grants credit terms in the normal course of business. An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting 
date on an individual basis for major customers. The history of  receivables shows a negligible provision for bad and doubtful 
debts.
 
i)   Concentration of Trade Receivables
 The Company’ s exposure to credit risk for Trade Receivables is presented as below. 
     ( Rs. in lakhs)
   P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
    Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
   Trade Receivables  (Bulk purchaser)  1,047.00   1,127.00 
   T rade Receivables  (Culture Media )   496.00   416.00 
   T rade Receivables  (Export)   323.00   557.00 
   Total  1,865.79   2,100.77 
 ii)  Cr edit risk exposure   
   Provision for expected credit losses
   As at 31 March 2024   (Rs. in lakhs)        
   Particulars Estimated gr oss   Expected cr edit   carrying amount 
    Carrying amount   losses   net of impairment 
    at default   pr ovision
   Trade Receivables  1,865.79   -     1,865.79 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents   284.01   -     284.01 
   Other Financial Assets Non Current   164.87   -     164.87 
   Total  2,314.67   -     2,314.67 
   As at 31 March 2023    (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particulars  Estimated gr oss   Expected cr edit   carrying amount 
    Carrying amount   losses   net of impairment 
    at default   pr ovision
   Trade Receivables  2,108.63   -     2,108.63 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents   486.37   -     486.37 
   Other Financial Assets Non Current   161.52   -     161.52 
   Total  2,756.52   -     2,756.52 
   Reconciliation of loss provision – expected credit losses     (Rs. in lakhs)
   Reconciliation of loss allowance    T rade Receivables
   Loss allowance on 31 Mar ch 2023     -   
   Impairment loss recognised/reversed during the year    -   
   Loss allowance on 31 March 2024   -
  b)  Liquidity risk
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The Company 
manages its liquidity risk by ensuring, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when 
due.   
=== PAGE 195 ===
187
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
  Maturities of financial liabilities
  The tables below analyze the company’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on their contractual maturities:
     (Rs. in lakhs)
   Contractual maturities of financial T otal   On Demand  on due within  Over  1 Year Over  3 year
   liabilities as at Mar ch 31, 2024  Carrying Value  Payables  1 year within 3 Year  within 5 Year
   Trade Payables  336.82   -     336.82   -     -   
   Borrowings  717.09   -     671.76   45.33   -   
   Other financial Liabilities   565.73   523.55   42.18   -     -   
   Total   1,619.64   523.55   1,050.76   45.33  -  
   Contractual maturities of financial T otal   On Demand  on due within  Over  1 Year Over  3 year
   liabilities as at Mar ch 31, 2024  Carrying Value  Payables  1 year within 3 Year  within 5 Year
   Trade Payables  554.97   -     554.97   -     -   
   Borrowings   699.86   -     669.96   29.90   -   
   Other financial Liabilities   493.10   375.80   1 17.30   -     -   
   Total   1,747.93   375.80   1,342.23   29.90   -   
 c)  Market risk     
  Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, fair values or future cash flows that may result from adverse changes in market 
rates and prices (such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices) or in the price of market risk-sen-
sitive instruments as a result of such adverse changes in market rates and prices. Market risk is attributable to all market risk-sen-
sitive financial instruments and all short term and long-term debt. The Company is exposed to market risk primarily related to 
foreign exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and the market value of its investments. Thus, the Company’s exposure to market risk 
is a function of investing and borrowing activities.  
 i)  For eign exchange risk
   Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in 
foreign exchange rates.     
   The Company has international transactions and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from foreign currency trans -
actions (imports and exports). Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and 
liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the Company’s functional currency. The Company does not hedge its foreign 
exchange receivables/payables.     
   The following table sets forth information relating to foreign currency exposure (other than risk arising from derivatives 
disclosed below):
   (a)  For eign currency risk exposure:
        (Rs. in lakhs)
    Particulars   As at March 2024  As at Mar ch 2023
     FC  INR   FC  INR
    Financial Assets    
    T rade Receivables     
    USD   3,78,728.74   323.00   6,97,577.25   556.99 
    EURO   -     -     -     -   
    T otal   3,78,728.74   323.00   6,97,577.25   556.99 
    Financial Liabilities     
    T rade Payables  
    USD   1,581.50   1.34   506.01   0.42 
    EURO   124.25   0.1 1   -     -   
    T otal   1,705.75   1.45   506.01   0.42 
=== PAGE 196 ===
188
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
  (b)  Sensitivity
  The sensitivity of profit or loss to changes in the exchange rates arises mainly from foreign currency denominated financial 
instruments.
        (Rs. in lakhs)
   Particulars   As at March 2024  As at Mar ch 2023 
    Incr ease by 5%  Decr ease by 5%   Incr ease by 5%  Decr ease by 5%
   Financial Assets    
   T rade Receivables     
   USD   16.15   (16.15)   27.85   (27.85)
   EURO   -     -     -     -   
   Total  16.15   (16.15)   27.85   (27.85)
   Financial Liabilities    
   T rade Payables     
   USD   (0.07)   0.07   (0.02)   0.02 
   EURO   (0.01)   0.01   -     -   
   Total  (0.08)   0.08   (0.02)   0.02 
   (ii)   Inter est rate risk  
   The Company’s fixed rate borrowings are carried at amortised cost. They are therefore not subject to interest rate risk as defined 
in Ind AS 107, since neither the carrying amount nor the future cash flows will fluctuate because of a change in market interest 
rates.
 
  The Company’s variable rate borrowing is subject to interest rate. Below is the overall exposure of the borrowing:
      (Rs. in lakhs)
  P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
  Variable rate borrowing  629.58   552.66
  Fixed rate borrowing   10.20  29.90
  Total 639.78  582.56 
  Sensitivity
  Profit or loss is sensitive to higher/lower interest expense from borrowings as a result of changes in interest rates.
    (Rs. in lakhs) 
  P a r t i c u l a r A s  a t A s  a t                       
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
  Interest rates – decrease by 50 basis points  47.85  42.00 
  Interest rates – increase b y 50 basis points  (47.85)   (42.00)
 (IV)  Capital management  
 The capital structure of the Company consists of equity, debt, cash and cash equivalents. The Company’s objective for capital 
management is to maintain the capital structure which will support the Company’s strategy to maximize shareholder’s value, safe-
guarding the business continuity and help in supporting the growth of the Company.  
41 The Board of Directors of the Company has recommended a dividend of Rs. 2.00 Per Equity share for the financial year ended on 
31st March 2024. The dividend will be paid after approval of the same by shareholders in the Annual General meeting.
42. CORPORA TE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) EXPENDITURE
 Particular Y ear Ended  Y ear Ended                      
   Mar ch 31, 2024  Mar ch 31,2023
 In accordance with the provisions of section 135 of the Act, the Board of 
 Directors of the Company h ad constituted CSR Committee. The details 
 for CSR activities are as fol lows:   
 1.  Amount required to be spent by the company during the year   63.90   50.65 
 2.  Amount of expenditure incurred   63.90   50.65 
 3.  Shortfall at the end of the year   Nil   Nil 
 (Cont’d...)
=== PAGE 197 ===
189
TITAN BIOTECH LTD.
Corporate & Financial at a Glance /  Notice / Statutory Reports / Standalone Financial Statement / Consolidated Financial Statement
 4.  T otal of previous year shortfall   Nil   Nil 
 5.  Reason for shortfall   Nil   Nil 
 6.  Nature of CSR activities  Promoting education (Item  Promoting education
   Promoting education No. II of  Animal welfare (Item
   schedule VII of  the Company  No. I,&IV  of schedule
   Act, 2013)   VII of  the Company 
    Act, 2013) 
 7.  Details of related party transactions in relation to   Nil   Nil 
  CSR expenditure as per relevant Accounting Standard
 8.  Where a provision is made with respect to a liability by   Nil   Nil 
  entering in to a contractual obligation, the movements in 
  the provision during the year .
43. Ratio
Particulars Numerator Denominator  Year ended      
March 31, 2024 
 Year ended      
March 31,2023 
Variance(in %)
(a) Current ratio (in times) Current Assets Current Liabilities 3.77 3.36 12.20%
(b) Debt-Equity ratio (in times) Total Debt Total Shareholder's Equity 0.06 0.08 -25.00%
(c ) Debt service coverage ratio (in times) Earnings Available for Debt Service Debt service = Interest & Lease 
Payments + Principal Repayments
13.78 11.77 17.08%
(d) Return on equity ratio (in %) Net Profits After Tax - Preference 
Dividend
Avg. Shareholder's Equity 17.73% 19.13% -1.40%
(e) Inventory turnover ratio (in times) Cost of Goods Sold or Sales Avg Inventory 2.29 2.42 -5.37%
(f) Trade receivables turnover ratio (in 
times)
Net credit sales = Gross credit sales - sales 
return
Average Trade Receivable 8.27 7.71 7.26%
(g) Trade payables turnover ratio (in times) Net credit purchases = Gross credit 
purchases - purchase return
Average Trade Payables 19.00 14.64 29.78%
(h) Net capital turnover ratio (in times) Net sales = Total sales - sales return Working capital = Current assets – 
Current liabilities
1.23 1.31 -6.11%
(i) Net profit ratio (in %) Net Profit Net sales = Total sales - sales return 14.42% 14.60% -0.18%
(j) Return on capital employed (in %) Earning before interest and taxes Capital Employed 23.07% 24.37% -1.30%
(k) Return on investment (in %) Net Return of Investments Cost of Investment 6.26% 1.03% 5.23%
Reasons for Variance                 
(b) Debt equity ratio falling which evaluate a low risk to shareholders. Ratio decrease due to reduction in loan   
(g) Higher purchases during the year has lead to increase in the ratio.    
44 Additional Regulatory information:   
 i)  The Company does not have any benami property, and no proceeding has been initiated against the Company for holding any 
benami property.    
 ii)  The Company does not have any transactions with struck of f companies.    
 iii)  The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with Registrar of Companies (ROC) be -
yond the statutory period.   
 iv)  The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the financial year.
 v)  The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:  
  a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Company (ultimate beneficiaries) or  
  b)  provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on beha lf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.  
 vi)  The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the 
understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:  
  a)  directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or party (ultimate beneficiaries) or  
  b)  provide any guaran tee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.   
 vii)  The Company does not have any transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961  (such as, search or survey or any 
other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).   
=== PAGE 198 ===
190
ANNUAL REPORT  2023-24
Titan Biotech
 viii)  The Company has not been declared as a wilful defaulter by any banks or any other financial institution at any time during the 
financial year or after the end of the reporting period but before the date when the financial  statements are approved.
 ix)  The title deeds of all the immovable properties (other than immovable properties where the Company is the lessee and the lease 
agreements are duly executed in favour of the Company) disclosed in the financial  statements included in property, plant and 
equipment and capital work-in progress are held in the name of the Company as at the balance sheet date. 
 x)  The Company does not have any loan or advance in the nature of loans granted to promoters, directors, KMPs and the related 
parties (as defined under Companies Act, 2013) either severally or jointly with  any other person, that are:
  a)  repayable on dema nd; or
  b)  without specifying  any terms or period of repayment.   
 xi)  Figures have been rounded of f to the nearest Lakhs rupees.
 xii)  a)  As per the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) notification, proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014, for the financial year commencing April 1, 2023, every company which uses accounting software for maintaining 
its books of account, shall use only such accounting software which has a feature of recording audit trail of each and every 
transaction, creating an edit log of each change made in the books of account along with the date when such changes were 
made and ensuring that the audit trail cannot be disabled. The interpretation and guidance on what level edit log and audit 
trail needs to be maintained evolved during the year and continues to evolve. 
  b)  The ERP used by holding company and one of the associates company the feature of audit trail log has not been enabled 
at the database layer to log direct transactional changes, due to present design of ERP. This is being taken up with the 
vendor. In the meanwhile, the Company continues to ensure that direct write access to the database is granted only via an 
approved change management process.
 xii)  Security of current assets against borrowings
                                                                                                                                                                                                      (Rs. in lakhs)
Quarter Name of bank Particulars 
of Securities 
Provided
Amount as per 
books of account
Amount as 
reported in the 
quarterly return/ 
statement
Amount of 
difference
Reason for material 
discrepancies
Jun-23 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Inventories 3,842.58 3,842.13          0.45  Price and Quantity 
may very time to time 
from Stock Statement 
Sep-23 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Inventories 3,906.21    3,904.77         1.44 
Dec-23 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Inventories 4,084.23      4,085.29    (1.06)
Mar-24 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Inventories 4,299.89    4,299.89            -   
Jun-23 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables 2,060.66    1,578.36 482.30  Due to TDS/ TCS 
Entry & we pledge 
only 90 days Debtors 
& Creditors from our 
books 
Sep-23 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables 2,384.49  1,669.36  715.13 
Dec-23 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables 1,316.36           945.57  370.79 
Mar-24 HDFC Bank, New Delhi Trade Receivables 1,865.79      1,534.47 331.32 
   
45 Previous year’s figures have been reclassified / regrouped wherever necessary to conform to current year’s classification / 
disclosure.     
46 The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘Code’) relating to employee benefits during employment and post-employment benefits received 
Presidential assent in September 2020. The Code has been published in the Gazette of India. However, the date on which the Code will 
come into effect has not been notified and the final rules/interpretation have not yet been issued. The Company will assess the impact 
of the Code when it comes into effect and will record any related impact in the period the Code becomes effective. Based on a pre-
liminary assessment, by the Company, the additional impact on Provident Fund contributions by the Company is not expected to be 
material, whereas, the likely additional impact on Gratuity liability / contributions by the Company could be material. The Company 
will complete their evaluation and will give appropriate impact in the financial statements in the period in which, the Code becomes 
effective and the related rules to determine the financial impact are published.  
47 The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on May 29, 2024.  
  
 
  
        
   
 
 
   
Auditor’s Report     
As per our separate report of even date attached For Titan Biotech Limited  
For A N S K & Associates   
Chartered Accountants Naresh Kumar Singla        Sur esh Chand Singla
FRN-026177N Managing Director   Managing Director
 DIN-00027448  DIN-00027706     
CA Akhil Mittal   
Partner Charanjit Singh Prem Shankar Gupta 
M.No.517856 Co-Secretary Chief Financial Officer    
UDIN-24517856BKHCCI3892 ACS-12726   
Place : Delhi  
Date : 29.05.2024   
=== PAGE 199 ===

=== PAGE 200 ===
