[[PAGE 1]]
August 20, 2024
To,
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street
Mumbai – 400001.
Scrip Code: 543597
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub.: Annual Report – 2024 & Notice of 9th Annual General Meeting.
With reference to the captioned subject, we inform that 9th Annual General Meeting
of the Company shall be held on Wednesday, September 11, 2024 at 11:00 a.m.
through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”), in
accordance with the applicable circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs
and the Securities and Exchange Board of India.
Pursuant to regulation 34 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements),
Regulations 2015, we enclose herewith Annual Report for the FY 2023-24 and notice
of 9th Annual General Meeting. The said reports are being sent to the shareholders
through e-mail and have been uploaded on the “investor relations” section of the
website of the Company www.voepl.com.
Kindly take the same on records.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
Vibhuti Kulkarni
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Mem. No. A68263
[[PAGE 2]]
 
 
           
 
   NOTICE 
Notice is hereby given that 9 th Annual General Meeting of the Members of Virtuoso Optoelectronics 
Limited will be held on Wednesday, September 11, 2024 at 11.00 a.m. through video conferencing 
(“VC”)/Other Audio -Visual Means (“OAVM”) to transact the following business, the venue of the 
meeting shall be deemed to be the Registered Office of the Company at P No. 7 MIDC Satpur Nasik 
Nashik 422007: - 
 
ORDINARY BUSINESS: 
 
1. To receive, consider and adopt the - 
A.  Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 
2024, together with the reports of the Board of Directors and the Auditors thereon and 
 
B. Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 
on March 31, 2024 together with the report of Auditors thereon 
 
2. Re- appointment of Mr. Sukrit Bharati (DIN: 03638084), Managing Director who retires by 
rotation. 
To re-appoint Mr. Sukrit Bharati (DIN: 03638084), who retires by rotation and being eligible, 
offers himself for re-appointment as a director. 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS:  
 
3. To ratify the remuneration of cost auditors of the company and in this regard, to consider 
and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as Ordinary Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 148 and all other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) the Companies (Cost Records and 
Audit) Rules 2014 and the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules 2014 (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re -enactments thereof for the time being in force), the 
remuneration payable to M/s. KPMSS & Associates, Cost Accountants (Firm Reg. No. 005229, 
appointed by the Board of Directors as Cost Auditors to conduct the audit of the cost records 
of the Company for the financial year ending on March 2025, be paid remuneration of Rs. 
65,000 (Rupees Sixty-Five thousand only) plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of out-of-
pocket expenses. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, 
matters and things and to take all such steps as may be required in this connection including 
seeking all necessary approvals to give effect to this Resolution and to settle any questions, 
difficulties or doubts that may arise in this regard.” 
 
4. To consider and if thought fit, approve re -appointment of Mr. Sukrit Bharati as Managing 
Director of the Company on revised terms and tenure and to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as Ordinary Resolution: 
 
[[PAGE 3]]
 
 
           
 
 
“RESOLVED THAT  in accordance with the Provisions of Section 196, 197, 203 and other 
applicable Provisions, if any of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) as amended from time 
to time read with Schedule V of the Act, and pursuant to the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) 
or reenactment thereof for the time being in force) and the applicable provisions of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, the Company hereby 
approves/ ratifies the re -appointment of Mr. Sukrit Bharati (DIN: 03638084), as Managing 
Director for a further period of 5 years effect from September 01, 2024 to August 31, 2029, 
on the revised terms and conditions as stipulated hereunder and he shall be liable to retire 
by rotation. 
  
1. Remuneration: Up to Rs. 75,00,000/ - (Rupees Seventy-Five Lakhs Only) per annum from 
September 01, 2024, including all allowances, perquisites and benefits that he is entitled to 
in accordance with the Company’s Rules and Regulations in force from time to time.  
 
2. The Managing Director shall be entitled to an annual increment at the rate up to 15% p.a.,  
w.e.f. April 1, 2025 per financial year on cumulative basis. 
 
3. Other Terms:  
i. The Company shall reimburse to the Managing Director all the actual expenses incurred 
wholly, necessarily and exclusively for and on behalf of the Company and/or incurred in 
performance of the duties of the Company.  
 
ii. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained, where in any financial year, 
the Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the Company will pay the above 
remuneration as minimum remuneration to the Managing Director. however, in any case 
the remuneration would not exceed the limits prescribed under the applicable provisions of 
the Act.  
iii. Board is entitled to make changes within the overall amount fixed by the members. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board shall have absolute powers to accept any modification 
in the terms and conditions as may be approved by Shareholders while according its 
approval and acceptance with the said approval of the Shareholders and to give effect to the 
forgoing resolution, or as may be otherwise considered by it to be in the best interest of the 
Company. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  any of the Directors or Company Secretary of the Company be 
and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary and 
deemed expedient to put the aforesaid resolutions into effect including but not limited to 
filing and signing of requisite E -forms with the Registrar of Companies and any other 
concerned Statutory Authorities”. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[[PAGE 4]]
 
 
           
 
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
FOR VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED 
          
-SD- 
Vibhuti Kulkarni 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem. No. A68263 
Date: August 20, 2024 
Place: Nashik 
 
NOTES: 
 
1. The Government of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs has allowed conducting Annual 
General Meeting through Video Conferencing (VC) or Other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM) and 
dispended the personal presence of the members at the meeting. Accordingly, the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs issued Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, Circular No. 17/2020 
dated April 13, 2020 and Circular No. 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020 and Circular No. 02/2021 
dated January 13, 2021 and Circular No. 21/2021 dated December 14, 2021 and 02/2022 
dated May 5, 2022, 10/2022 dated December 28, 2022 and latest being 09/2023 dated 
September 25, 2023 (“MCA Circulars”) and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/11 
dated January 15, 2021 and Circular No. SEBI/HO/DDHS/P/CIR/2022/0063 dated May 13, 
2022, SEBI/HO/CRD/PoD -2/P/ CIR/2023/4 dated January 5, 2023 and Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/167 dated October 7, 2023 issued by the Securities 
Exchange Board of India (“SEBI Circular”) prescribing the procedures and manner of 
conducting the Annual General Meeting through VC/OVAM. In terms of the said circulars, 
the 9 th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Members will be held through VC/OAVM. 
Hence, Members can attend and participate in the AGM through VC/OAVM only. The 
detailed procedure for participation in the meeting through VC/OAVM is as per notes of this 
notice.  
2. A member entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend 
and vote on his / her behalf and the proxy need not be a member of the Company. Since the 
AGM is being held in accordance with the Circulars through VC, the facility for the 
appointment of proxies by the members will not be available.  
3. Participation of members through VC will be reckoned for the purpose of quorum for the 
AGM as per Section 103 of the Act.  
4. Corporate members intending to authorize their representatives to participate and vote at 
the meeting are requested to send a certified copy of the Board resolution / authorization 
letter to the Scrutinizer by email to cs@voepl.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com.  
5. The register of directors and key managerial personnel (KMP) and their shareholding, 
maintained under Section 170 of the Act, and the register of contracts or arrangements in 
which the directors are interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Act, will be available 
electronically for inspection by the members during the AGM. All documents referred to in 
[[PAGE 5]]
 
 
           
 
the Notice will also be available for electronic inspection without any fee from the date of 
circulation of this Notice up to the date of AGM, i.e. September 11, 2024. Members seeking 
to inspect such documents can send an email to cs@voepl.com.  
6. Members whose shareholding is in demat mode are requested to notify any change in 
address or bank account details to their respective depository participant(s) (DP). 
7. In compliance with the Circulars, the Integrated Annual Report for 2023 -24, the Notice of 
the 9th AGM, and instructions for e -voting are being sent through electronic mode to those 
members whose email addresses are registered with the Company / depository participant(s) 
(DP). Members may note that Notice and Annual Report 2023 -24 has been uploaded on the 
website of the Company at www.voepl.com. The Notice can also be accessed from the 
website of the Stock Exchange i.e. BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com and the AGM Notice is 
also available on the website of Central Depository Services Limited (CDSL) (agency for 
providing the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. www.evotingindia.com 
 
THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS FOR E -VOTING AND JOINING VIRTUAL MEETINGS 
ARE AS UNDER: 
 
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e -Voting system in case of individual 
shareholders holding shares in demat mode.  
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e -Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in 
physical mode and non-individual shareholders in demat mode.  
 
(i) The voting period begins on Sunday, September 08, 2024 at 9:00 a.m. and ends on T uesday, 
September 10, 2024 at 5:00 pm. During this period shareholders of the Company, holding 
shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut -off date of 
Wednesday, September 04, 2024 may cast their vote electronically. The e -voting module 
shall be disabled by CDSL for voting thereafter. 
(ii) Shareholders who have already voted prior to the meeting date would not be entitled to 
vote at the meeting venue. 
(iii) In compliance with Section 108 of the Act, read with the corresponding rules, Regulation 44 
of the LODR Regulations and in terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/ 
CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020, the Company has provided a facility to its 
members to exercise their votes electronically through the electronic voting (e -voting) 
facility provided by Central Depository Services Limited (CDSL) . Members who have cast 
their votes by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may participate in the AGM but shall not be 
entitled to cast their votes again. The manner of voting remotely by members holding shares 
in dematerialized mode, physical mode and for members who have not registered their 
email addresses is provided in the ‘Instructions for e -voting’ section which forms part of this 
Notice.  
(iv) The Board has appointed Mr. Vishal Thawani of M/s Vishal Thawani & Associates, 
(Membership No. ACS 43938) (CP No. 17377) Practicing Company Secretaries, as the 
scrutinizer (“Scrutinizer”) for conducting the e -voting process in a fair and transparent 
manner.  
[[PAGE 6]]
 
 
           
 
(v) The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman of the Company (“the Chairman”) or 
to any other person authorized by the Chairman after the completion of the scrutiny of the 
e-voting (votes cast during the AGM and votes cast through remote e -voting), not later than 
48 hours from the conclusion of the AGM. The result declared along with the Scrutinizer’s 
report shall be communicated to the stock exchanges, CDSL and RTA, and will also be 
displayed on the Company’s website, www.voepl.com.  
(vi) Since the AGM will be held through VC in accordance with the Circulars, the route map, 
proxy form and attendance slip are not attached to this Notice.  
 
Step 1 : Access through Depositories CDSL/NSDL e -Voting system in case of individual 
shareholders holding shares in demat mode.  
 
a. In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020  
on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile 
number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Pursuant to above said SEBI Circular , Login method for e -Voting and joining virtual meetings for 
Individual shareholders holding securities in Demat mode CDSL/NSDL is given below: 
 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
Demat mode 
with CDSL 
Depository 
1) Users who have opted for CDSL Easi/Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user id and password. Option  will be made available to reach e -
Voting page without any further authentication. The URL for users to login 
to Easi/Easiest are https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login or visit 
www.cdslindia.com and click on Login icon and select New System Myeasi. 
2) After successful login the Easi/Easiest user will be able to see the e -Voting 
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the 
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user 
will be able to see e -Voting page of the e -Voting service provider for 
casting your vote during the remote e -Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links 
provided to access the system of all e -Voting Service Providers i.e. 
CDSL/NSDL/CAMEO, so that the user can visit the e -Voting service 
providers’ website directly. 
3) If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available 
at https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration 
4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e -Voting link available 
[[PAGE 7]]
 
 
           
 
on www.cdslindia.com home page or click on 
https://evoting.cdslindia.com/Evoting/EvotingLogin The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as 
recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will 
be able to see the e -Voting option where the evoting is in progress and 
also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding 
securities in 
demat mode 
with NSDL 
Depository 
1) If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e -
Services website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
Once the home page of e -Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new 
screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID and Password. After 
successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services. Click on 
“Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e -
Voting page. Click on company name or e -Voting service provider name 
and you will be re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting 
your vote during the remote e -Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting. 
 
2) If the user is not  registered for IDeAS e -Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS 
“Portal or click   at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
3) Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e -Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to 
enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen-digit demat account number hold with 
NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository 
site wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on company name or e -
Voting service provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting service 
provider website for casting your vote during the remote e -Voting period 
or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting  
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in 
demat mode) 
login through 
their 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e -
Voting facility.  After Successful login, you will be able to see e -Voting 
option. Once you click on e -Voting option, you will be redirected to 
NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you 
can see e -Voting feature. Click on company name or e -Voting service 
provider name and you will be redirected to e -Voting service provider 
[[PAGE 8]]
 
 
           
 
Depository 
Participants 
(DP) 
website for casting your vote during the remote e -Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
  
 
Important note:  Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use 
Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at above mentioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. CDSL and NSDL 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800 22 55 33 
 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in Demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in 
or call at toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30   
 
Step 2 : Access through CDSL e -Voting system in case of shareholders holding shares in 
physical mode and non-individual shareholders in demat mode. 
 
(vii) Login method for e -Voting and joining virtual meetings for  Physical shareholders and 
shareholders other than individual holding in Demat form. 
1) The shareholders should log on to the e-voting website www.evotingindia.com. 
 
2) Click on “Shareholders” module. 
 
3) Now enter your User ID  
a. For CDSL: 16 digits beneficiary ID,  
b. For NSDL: 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digits Client ID,  
c. Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered 
with the Company. 
 
4) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login. 
 
5) If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and 
voted on an earlier e-voting of any company, then your existing password is to be used.  
 
6) If you are a first-time user follow the steps given below: 
 
 For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding shares in 
Demat. 
[[PAGE 9]]
 
 
           
 
PAN Enter your 10 -digit alpha -numeric *PAN issued by Income Tax Department 
(Applicable for both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders) 
• Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the 
Company/Depository Participant are requested to use the sequence number 
sent by Company/RTA or contact Company/RTA. 
Dividend 
Bank 
Details 
OR Date 
of Birth 
(DOB) 
Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth in (dd/mm/yyyy) format as recorded 
in your demat account or in the company records in order to login. 
• If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, please 
enter the member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field. 
 
(viii) After entering these details appropriately, click on “SUBMIT” tab. 
(ix) Shareholders holding shares in physical form will then directly reach the Company selection 
screen. However, shareholders holding shares in demat form will now reach ‘Password 
Creation’ menu wherein they are required to mandatorily enter their login password in the 
new password field. Kindly note that this password is to be also used by the demat holders 
for voting for resolutions of any other company on which they are eligible to vote, provided 
that company opts for e -voting through CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not to 
share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password 
confidential. 
(x) For shareholders holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for e-voting on 
the resolutions contained in this Notice. 
(xi) Click on the EVSN for Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited on which you choose to vote. 
(xii) On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION DESCRIPTION” and against the same the 
option “YES/NO” for voting. Select the option YES or NO as desired. The option YES implies 
that you assent to the Resolution and option NO implies that you dissent to the Resolution. 
(xiii) Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you wish to view the entire Resolution details. 
(xiv) After selecting the resolution, you have decided to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A 
confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on “OK”, else to 
change your vote, click on “CANCEL” and accordingly modify your vote. 
(xv) Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your 
vote. 
(xvi) You can also take a print of the votes cast by clicking on “Click here to print” option on the 
Voting page. 
(xvii) If a demat account holder has forgotten the login password then Enter the User ID and the 
image verification code and click on Forgot Password & enter the details as prompted by the 
system. 
(xviii) There is also an optional provision to upload BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be made 
available to scrutinizer for verification. 
[[PAGE 10]]
 
 
           
 
(xix) Additional Facility for Non – Individual Shareholders and Custodians –For Remote Voting 
only. 
• Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are 
required to log on to www.evotingindia.com and register themselves in the “Corporate” 
module. 
• A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing the stamp and sign of the entity should be 
emailed to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com. 
• After receiving the login details a Compliance User should be created using the admin login 
and password. The Compliance User would be able to link the account(s) for which they wish 
to vote on. 
• The list of accounts linked in the login will be mapped automatically & can be delink in case 
of any wrong mapping. 
• It is Mandatory that, a scanned copy of the Board Resolution and Power of Attorney (POA) 
which they have issued in favour of the Custodian, if any, should be uploaded in PDF format 
in the system for the scrutinizer to verify the same. 
• Alternatively, non -individual shareholders are required mandatory to send the relevant 
Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the 
duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company 
at the email address viz; info@voepl.com (designated email address by company), if they 
have voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e -voting system for the 
scrutinizer to verify the same. 
 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E -VOTING 
DURING MEETING ARE AS UNDER: 
 
1. The procedure for attending meeting & e -Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the 
instructions mentioned above for e-voting. 
 
2. The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available where the EVSN of Company will 
be displayed after successful login as per the instructions mentioned above for e-voting. 
 
3. Shareholders who have voted through Remote e -Voting will be eligible to attend the 
meeting. However, they will not be eligible to vote at the AGM. 
 
4. Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops / IPads for better 
experience. 
 
5. Further shareholders will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to 
avoid any disturbance during the meeting. 
 
6. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop 
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their 
respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi -Fi or LAN Connection to 
mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches. 
 
[[PAGE 11]]
 
 
           
 
7. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask questions during the meeting may 
register themselves as a speaker by sending their request in advance atleast 7 days prior to 
meeting mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile 
number at info@voepl.com. The shareholders who do not wish to speak during the AGM but 
have queries may send their queries in advance 7 days prior to meeting  mentioning their 
name, demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at (company email id). 
These queries will be replied to by the company suitably by email.  
 
8. Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to 
express their views/ask questions during the meeting. 
 
9. Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have 
not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e -Voting and are otherwise not 
barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e -Voting system available during the 
AGM. 
 
10. If any Votes are cast by the shareholders through the e -voting available during the AGM and 
if the same shareholders have not participated in the meeting through VC/OAVM facility, 
then the votes cast by such shareholders may be considered invalid as the facility of e-voting 
during the meeting is available only to the shareholders attending the meeting. 
 
PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH THE 
COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES. 
 
1. For Physical shareholders - please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, 
scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to Company/RTA email id. 
 
2. For Demat shareholders -, Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective 
Depository Participant (DP)  
 
3. For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your email id & mobile no. with your 
respective Depository Participant (DP) which is mandatory while e -Voting & joining virtual 
meetings through Depository. 
If you have any queries or issues regarding attending AGM & e -Voting from the CDSL e -Voting 
System, you can write an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 
22 55 33 
 
All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. 
Rakesh Dalvi, Sr. Manager, (CDSL, ) Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, 
Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 
or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call  toll free no. 1800 22 55 33. 
 
[[PAGE 12]]
 
 
           
 
 
ANNEXURE TO THE NOTICE: 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (“THE 
ACT”) 
 
The following Statements sets out all material facts relating to the Special Business mentioned in the 
Notice: 
 
ITEM No. 3 
 
Ratify remuneration of M/s. KPMSS & Associates, for the Cost Audit of the Company: 
 
The Board based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, has approved at their meeting 
held on September 1, 2023 the appointed of M/s. KPMSS & Associates, Cost Accountants (Firm Reg. 
No. 005229), as a Cost Auditors to conduct the audit of the cost records of the Company at a 
remuneration of Rs. 65,000/- (Rupees Sixty-Five thousand). 
 
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the Act read with the Companies (Audit and 
Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors is required to be 
ratified by the members of the company. Accordingly, consent of the members is sought for passing 
an ordinary resolution as set out at Item No. 3 in the notice. 
 
The terms and conditions for appointment of M/s. KPMSS & Associates, Cost Accountants as a Cost 
Auditor of the Company shall remain open for inspection by the members at the Registered Office of 
the Company during normal business hours on any working day, excluding Saturday. 
 
M/s. KPMSS & Associates are deemed to be interested in the said resolution as it relates to their 
appointment. None of the other Directors or key managerial personnel or their relatives is, in 
anyway, concerned or interested in the said resolution. 
 
The Board of Directors recommends the said resolution for your approval by way of Ordinary 
Resolution. 
 
M/s. KPMSS & Associates are deemed to be interested in the said resolution as it relates to their 
appointment. None of the other Directors or key managerial personnel or their relatives is, in 
anyway, concerned or interested in the said resolution. 
 
None of the directors Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives may be deemed 
to be concerned or interested in the said resolution in any manner. 
 
ITEM No. 4 
 
To consider and if thought fit, approve re -appointment of Mr. Sukrit Bharati as Managing Director 
of the Company on revised terms and tenure and to pass, with or without modification(s), the 
following resolution as Ordinary Resolution: 
 
 
[[PAGE 13]]
 
 
           
 
The Members of the Company, at their Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) held on May 24, 2021, 
had appointed Mr. Sukrit Bharati as “Managing Director” w.e.f. May 24, 2021. Since his term was 
expiring, the Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting held on August 20, 2024, on the 
recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, have approved re -appointment of 
Mr. Sukrit Bharati - on revised terms as Managing Director of the Company for a period of 5 years 
from September 01, 2024 to August 31, 2029, subject to approval of members. 
 
Mr. Sukrit Bharati is not disqualified from being re -appointed as Director in terms of Section 164 of 
the Act. 
 
Mr. Sukrit Bharati has 13+ years of experience in this field. Further, he has completed a yearlong 
course under Stanford Seed Program, by Stanford University, USA. This program is about on -the-
ground leadership for established founders and CEOs in emerging economies focused on growing 
their businesses and increasing the positive impact they have in their communities.  
 
He is focused on ensuring sustainable growth of the company by improvement in customer 
satisfaction, addition of new customers and product verticals, employee training and growth. With 
the overall objective of strengthening the company, positive contribution to society and increasing 
shareholder value. 
 
He shall not be paid any sitting fees for attending meetings of the Board or Committee thereof. He 
satisfies all the conditions set out in Part-I of Schedule V to the Act and also conditions set out under 
sub-Section (3) of Section 196 of the Act for being eligible for her re-appointment. 
 
The appointment can be terminated by Mr. Sukrit Bharati or the Company, by one party giving to the 
other 3 (three) calendar months’ notice in writing or by payment of a sum equivalent to 
remuneration for the notice period or part thereof in case of shorter notice or on such other terms 
as may be mutually agreed. 
 
He shall be liable to retire by rotation and said retirement by rotation shall not be construed as 
break in terms of his re-appointment. 
 
Based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee and given his expertise, 
knowledge and experience, the Board considers and recommends the re -appointment of Mr. Sukrit 
Bharati as a Managing Director to be in the interest of the Company and in view of the provisions of 
Sections 196, 197, 203 and any other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, recommends 
the Ordinary Resolution as set out in the accompanying Notice of 9th AGM for the approval of the 
Members. 
 
The above may be treated as written memorandum setting out the terms of re -appointment of Mr. 
Sukrit Bharati under Section 190 of the Act. 
 
None of the Director(s) and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their respective relatives, 
except Mr. Vishrut Bharati (Brother) and Mr. Sukrit Bharati to whom the resolution relates, are 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise.  
 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 4 of the Notice for approval by 
the members 
[[PAGE 14]]
 
 
           
 
 
 
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
FOR VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED 
          
-SD- 
Vibhuti Kulkarni 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem. No. A68263 
Date:  August 20, 2024 
Place: Nashik 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[[PAGE 15]]
 
 
           
 
Annexure to Notice 
Information regarding re -appointment of Director as per SEBI Regulations and Secretarial 
Standards: 
 
Sr No Particulars Details 
1 Name Sukrit Bharati 
2 DIN 03638084 
3 Date of Birth 09/10/1988 
4 Age 35 
5 Qualification Masters in Science- Engineering Technology 
6 Brief Resume/Experience Mr. Sukrit Bharati is having 13+ years of  experience. 
He looks after the management and operations of 
the Company. He is a qualified technocrat with 
education background of Masters in  Science - 
Engineering Technology from BITS Pilani; Diploma /  
Certification courses in Management subjects from 
Harvard Business  School and NMIMS, Mumbai. 
Further, he has completed a year long course under 
Stanford Seed Program, by Stanford University, USA. 
This program is about on -the-ground leadership for 
established founders and CEOs in emerging 
economies focused on growing their businesses and 
increasing the positive impact they have in their 
communities. 
7 Remuneration last drawn as 
Director 
Rs. 36,00,000/- p.a. 
8 Remuneration proposed to be 
paid 
Up to Rs. 75,00,000 p.a. 
9 Date of first appointment on the 
Board 
14-04-2021 
10 Relationship with other 
Directors/KMPs 
Mr. Vishrut Bharati (DIN: 06818457), Director of the 
Company is brother of Mr. Sukrit Bharati (DIN: 
03638084), Managing Director. 
11 No. of meetings of the Board of 
Director attended during the year 
(FY 2023-24) 
16 
12 Directorships in other Companies 
as on date of notice 
1 
SWAMI SHANTI PRAKASH 
VIRTUOSO ESCO PRIVATE LIMITED Director 
2 YLP SOLUTIONS PRIVATE LIMITED Director 
3 SOLAR COPYER LIMITED Director 
4 
VIRTUOSO POLYMERS 
PRIVATE LIMITED Director 
 
13 Membership/Chairmanship of 
Committees of other Boards# 
NA 
[[PAGE 16]]
 
 
           
 
14 No. of Shares held (as on date of 
this Notice) 
 
1,46,57,059 
15 Names of listed entities, in which 
he/she also holds the directorship 
and the membership of 
Committees of the board along 
with listed entities from which 
the person has resigned in the 
past three years. 
Nil 
 
[[PAGE 17]]
Annual Report
FY 2023-24 www.voepl.com
[[PAGE 18]]
Board Of Directors 
Sukrit Bharati 
Chairman & Managing Director
Vishrut Bharati 
Non-Executive Director
Abhinav Mahajan
Executive Director
Ziral Soni
Independent Director
Drashti Solanki
Independent Director
Ila S Bhat
Independent Director
Chief Financial Officer 
Sajid Shaikh
Company Secretary &
Compliance Officer 
Vibhuti Kulkarni
Registered Office
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited 
Plot. No. 7, MIDC, Satpur, Nashik – 422007
Tel:+91 253-2309016,
Email: info@voepl.com,
Website: www.voepl.com,
CIN: L74999MH2015PLC268355
Corporate
Information
BANKERS
Axis Bank Limited
HDFC Bank Limited
ICICI Bank Limited
Union Bank of India Limited
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
Jain Chhajed & Associates,
Chartered Accountants
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS
Prachi Bansal & Associates,
Company Secretaries
REGISTRAR & SHARE
TRANSFER AGENT
Cameo Corporate Services Limited
Subramanian Building No.1, ClubHouse
Road, Chennai-600002 Email:
investor@cameoindia.com, 
Tel: 44-28460390
NAME OF THE STOCK
EXCHANGE
BSE LIMITED – SME PLATFORM Phiroze
Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,
Mumbai – 400001 
Script Code: 543597.
About the Company 03
Brief Profile of the Managing Director of the Company 07
Chairman’s Message to Shareholders 37
Directors Report 38
Annexures to Directors Report 50
57
64
Management Discussion and Analysis
85
Corporate Governance Report
Independent Auditor’s Report on
Consolidated Financial Statements
Table Of
Contents
135
148
Consolidated Financial Statements 95
Standalone Financial Statements
Independent Auditor’s Report on
Standalone Financial Statements
[[PAGE 19]]
Page
The
 5
Messages Of This
Annual Report
and VOEPL
Make In India
The efforts of the government for “Make in India” have been instrumental in several products,
which until now were imported in full or part from other countries, to gradually move towards
increasing indigenization of manufacturing of these products in India. 
This coupled with the sharp growth in demand led by increased consumption in India  has
created multiple opportunities in the market to produce products locally. VOEPL amongst many
others  in India, is working towards capitalizing on these opportunities to develop manufacturing
capabilities and ecosystems, with the  long term objective of not only servicing the requirements
of the local market, but also to establish ourselves as a strong manufacturing  base for the world
in the years and decades to come. 
Manufacturing requires heavy investments and spend on development to ensure products are
made of the required quality and in line with the price targets of the international competition,
which was always a hurdle. But with  government through attractive Production Linked Incentive
(PLI) schemes and other State Subsidy Schemes, has provided the much required impetus to the
industry. 
VOEPL started its journey almost a decade ago with a small investment in EMS, but keeping in
line with its goal of aligning its overall strategies with that of the nation has empowered it to grow
from EMS to  lighting to home appliances like air conditioner (IDU & ODU) and now even beyond
to categories like commercial refrigeration. VOEPL is also working on developing its International
footprint with target exports to certain regions of the world.
At VOEPL we believe in the vision and potential of our country and VOEPL as a company with
always strive towards contributing to the best of its abilities to this shared vision of INDIA. 
1. The success of VOEPL in the last few years, in-spite of growing competition, is due to our
continuous commitment to product quality and customer satisfaction. 
2. VOEPL has also proactively been working towards diversifying its product lines and target
market segments. This will help in sustained growth and improvement of the overall
bottom line of the company.
3. We have expanded aggressively to meet the growing demand for our products by our
customers, as the market continuous to grow. 
4. We continue to endeavor to upgrade our manufacturing infrastructure & capabilities with
the objective of  providing better and more reliable solutions. 
5.We are grateful for the strong support from all our partners specially our investors who
have put their faith in us and we intend to continue growing together on this journey.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 02VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED01
[[PAGE 20]]
Blue-Chip Customer Base
Key OEM/ODM of Consumer and
Industrial Goods
Head Office at Nashik,
Maharashtra, India
Strong Backward Integrated in
Manufacturing
7 Manufacturing facilities 7
About VOEPL
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) was incorporated in 2015 at
Nashik, India. Initially focusing on electronic manufacturing (EMS), the
company has grown significantly over the years, with the support of its
customers, team, and partners. Over the years, VOEPL has emerged as a
prominent OEM/ODM in the manufacturing industry, specializing in EMS,
lighting industry, white goods segment  (especially air conditioners) and
working its way to add commercial refrigeration to its portfolio.
We are a growing vibrant
community that aims to
delight consumers and
clients by innovating and
manufacturing amazing
consumer products.
“Our
Vision
Customer Success
We firmly believe that the success of our customers is our own success. We are
committed to taking all the necessary steps, including implementing quality
measures, process improvements, and ensuring quantity fulfillment, to produce
products that delight our end consumers. Our goal is to enhance the brand
value and market proposition of our customers.
Vibrant Community
The community supporting VOEPL, including shareholders, customers,
consumers, employees, vendors and service providers, are of paramount
importance and value to us. We strive to act as a catalyst in nurturing our
community, continuously working to make it a better place for everyone. Our
ultimate goal is to foster a happy, supportive and sustainable community of
exceptional individuals.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 04VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED03
[[PAGE 21]]
VO
EPL
Our Commitments
Process | Quality | Service
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 06VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED05
Design  Manufacture  Delight
[[PAGE 22]]
Sukrit Bharati
A focused and motivated
entrepreneur with the
vision of creating a
strong manufacturing
ecosystem and
sustainable organisation. 
“
Sukrit Bharati, Chairman & Managing Director,  has 13+ years of experience in manfuacturing and
operations. He has a graduate degree in Engineering Technology from BITS Pilani. As a part of
continuous learning he has done multiple diploma & certification courses in various subjects from
Harvard Business School (HBS) and NMIMS, Mumbai. Further, he completed a year long
certification course by Stanford Graduate School of Business under their Seed Tranformation
Program - Stanford Seed. This program is for established founders and CEOs in emerging
economies focused on growing their businesses and increasing the positive impact they have in
their communities.
He is passionate about manufacturing and organisational development.  He is focused on
ensuring sustainable growth of the company by improvement in customer satisfaction, addition
of new product verticals, expanding into new customer segments & geographies and team
development. 
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 08VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED07
CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR
Brief Profile of the Managing
Director of the Company 
 Directors
Mr. Abhinav
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. Abhinav, Executive Director,
has more than 12 years of
experience of working as a CEO,
Co-founder, COO, Business
Analytics Associates.
Ms. Ila S Bhat
Ms. Drashti Solanki
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
Ms. Drashti Solanki, an
Independent Director of
company, with 8 years of
experience in the field of legal
and compliance. 
Ms. Ila S Bhat, an Independent
Director of Company, 9 years of
experience in tech at Cisco and
IMImobile (acquired by Cisco in
2020). She was a World
Governance Expedition delegate
to Israel in 2019 and a
StrartingBloc fellow (held in
Washington DC) in 2017. 
Ms. Ziral Soni
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
Mr. Vishrut Bharati
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. Vishrut Bharati, Non-Executive
Director. He has more than 10 years
of experience in the line of business
of the Company and across
multiple industries including Retail,
Health and Manufacturing sectors. 
Ms. Ziral Soni, an Independent
Director. She has 6 years of
experience in the field of legal
and compliance.
[[PAGE 23]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 10VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED09
Core Team
Sajid Shaikh
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER (CFO) 
MBA with over 28 years of
experience across banking &
finance sector. Strong experience
in financial modelling, debt
financing, networking and fund
raising.
Vibhuti Kulkarni
K Ramesh
SR. GM - MANUFACTURING (AC DIVISION)
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER
Mechanical Engineer with over
30 years of experience in core AC
manufacturing industry. Worked
nationally and internationally
with multiple industry leaders. 
A Qualified Company Secretary
with diversed experience across
multiple areas in corporate law &
secretarial compliances.
Kedar Aphale 
SR. GM - PROJECTS & CAPITAL PURCHASE
Nitin Shewale
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER (COO)
A veteran of the consumer
durables industry with more
than 33 years of experience, has
worked with leading appliance
manufacturing companies at
senior management levels.
Mechanical Engineer with over 24
years of experience. Worked with
mutiple multnationals across
departments & areas.
[[PAGE 24]]
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
A Year in Review
Financial year 2023-24 was a milestone year for VOEPL. Company has delivered overall healthy
performance despite market challenges with record revenue of ₹ 5323.04 mn. Prudent financial
capital management, strategic cost management along with continuous improvement has led to
achieve higher profitability with remarkable PAT of ₹ 101.27 mn. Company has maintained
continued strength and momentum in its business operations. Successfully started export business
with its first export order in this financial year. 
VOEPL raised ₹109.38 crores by preferential allotment of equity shares and equity warrants for
fueling our operations and expansion goals. Also, company acquired 51% stake in YLP Solutions, a
group company, to streamline processes and inline with our commitment for transparency in
operations.
We also started revamping our internal process, initiated the transformation of our facilities, and
launched a range of new products. Company is continuously looking for advancement and
evolution in its manufacturing capabilities. The company is in the process of increasing its capacity
to manufacture 800,000 Indoor Units (IDUs) and 400,000 Outdoor Units (ODUs) of Room Air
Conditioners in the manufacturing facilities at Nasik, Maharashtra. Company has added machines
with a capacity of up to 1300T for increasing its moulding capacity. 
We introduced our new line of water dispensers that go beyond functionality; they are modern in
design and easy to use. We were able to add manufacturing capacity for water dispensers with an
annual production capacity of 150,000 units. We are also working on designing and engineering a
new range of chest freezers to address the growing demands of the market. Our goal is to develop
robust products of good quality that are aesthetically pleasing, for our consumers.
Company strives for enhancing value and ultimately enriching the lives of our stakeholders with
optimum utilization of borrowings and Shareholder's Equity available to invest in assets, research
and development, innovation, marketing efforts and other initiatives.
Our constant endeavor is to create long-term shareholder value and strengthen our balance sheet
over the past few years has laid the foundation for us to capitalise on upcoming growth
opportunities.
Fiscal year 2023-
24 ended on a
strong note with
record revenue
and profits. Key
Highlights for
the financial
Year 2023-24.
EBITDA: ₹ 526.2 mn 
PAT Margin: 1.90% 
ROE: 6.68% 
ROCE: 16.03% 
Debt-Equity Ratio: 0.64 
Net Worth: ₹ 2095.51 mn 
EBITDA Margin: 9.89%
PAT: ₹ 101.27 mn
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
2018-19 2019-20 2020-21 2021-22 2022-23 2023-24
0
1000
2000
3000
4000
5000
6000
Revenue from operations (₹ in million)
EBITDA (₹ in million) PAT (₹ in million)
ANNUAL REPORT 2024VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED11 12
[[PAGE 25]]
Commenced
production of
electronic
products (Unit 1).
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 14VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED13
Our Milestones
2015
Incorporation
2016 2017
Started production
of lighiting
products  for
leading Japanese
company.
2018
Launched
Emergency
Lighting
Range &
ventured
into
appliances
segment.
2019
Estab. 40,000
SqFt. (Unit 2)
facility for IDU
(AC); started
manfacturing
for leading
Indian Brand.
2020
UL Certification
received for Export
to USA. 
Added EMS And
LED Facility of
48,000 Sqft. &
increased IDU Unit
to 100,000 Sqft.
2021
Added In-house
Heat Exchange &
Plastic Injection
Molding Lines.
Developed
Remote &
Electronic Parts
For Acs.
2022
Setup (Unit 3) for
copper tubing
systems 
Setup (Unit 4) for
Cross Flow Flans
and Plastic
Components.
2024
Started new
products
Water
Dispensers
Commercial
Refrigeration 
Company has
started pilot
production for
electronics &
Controllers
required for EV
charger
Continuous
expansion of
inhouse AC
components
infrastructure.
Granted ESOPs
under "VOEPL
Employee Stock
Option Plan-2023
Acquired 51%
holding in
subsidiary YLP
Solutions Private
Limited 
Setup (Unit 5) for
pressure die
casting and CNC
operation 
CSR activities
started at VOEPL
under training for
apprenticeship
program
Received credit
rating from ICRA
Limited, BBB for
Banking facilities.
Setup (Unit 7) for
deep freezers 
Formation of
second subsidiary -
Virtuoso Polymers
Private Limited for
component
business
Successfully
launched water
dispensers
Acquired ISO
certification.
2023
Listing on
BSE with
IPO fully
subscribed 
Set up of
(unit 6)
ODU line
[[PAGE 26]]
Driving
Growth
Through
Enhanced
Quality
Checks
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 16VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED15
[[PAGE 27]]
The Road Ahead
Going forwards, VOEPL is looking at not only strengthening its manufacturing capabilities
for its existing product segments to service its customers, but is also looking at increasing
in presence across new products categories and also growth in component business across
multiple sectors and geographies . 
The Company has recently incorporated a Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company with the
name Virtuoso Polymers Private Limited (“VPPL”) on July 29, 2024, for growing its
component business in Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu & Gujarat. 
The expansion into commercial refrigeration segment is expected to start delivering
results in the next couple of years. Export opportunities are increasing in both Air
Conditioning (IDU & ODU) business and Commercial Refrigeration business.
Further, the EMS capacity of the company has been strengthened with the commissioning
of the new SMT Line. With this the company aims to keep growing its EMS offerings to its
customers. Controller Boards, Brass Components & Expanded Polystyrene (EPS)
components is planned and will included as another backward integration in the months
to come.
Company is in process of implementing of lean tools and techniques for reducing
manufacturing cost, space management, efficient utilization of resources, inventory
management and improved process flow. Several initiatives such as strengthening of
backward integration, investments in solar project, and bolstering our supply chain for
sourcing of raw materials are in various stages of implementation. 
Enhancement of capacities in the existing manufacturing
units of VOEPL:
Unit 1 - EMS & Assembly capacity of manufacturing 34 Million lamp equivalents per
annum.
Unit 2 - Manufacturing of indoor units (IDU) for Air Conditioners with capacity of
800,000 units per annum
During the year Company has added three new
manufacturing units in Nashik :
Unit 4- Manufacturing of Cross Flow Fans (CFFs) which are used in Indoor Unit (IDU) of
Split Air Conditioners for a capacity of up to 40,000 units per month.
unit 5 - Manufacturing of Outdoor Units (ODU) for Air Conditioners with capacity of
400,000 units p.a
Unit 6 - Manufacturing of Aluminium Pressure Die Casting Components and Brass Parts
The backward integration was also improved and the
following backward integrations with taken in-house:
Injection Molding
Heat Exchanger Line
Copper Tubing Line
Sheet Metal & Powder Coating Shop
Cross Flow Fans: Established a backward integration unit for cross flow fans.
Backward Integration: Set up a backward integration unit for additional ancillaries.
Manufacturing
Capabilities
Research &
Development
Market
Development
LED & EMS: Increase from
40 million units to 60
million units per annum.
Backward Integration &
Value Addition Investing in
machinery to boost
backward integration
efforts.
Water Dispensers: Sales
have begun, with plans to
scale up in FY25.
Water Dispensers: Increase
from 150,000 units to
250,000 units per annum.
Successfully integrated
cross flow fan production.
Commercial Refrigeration:
Production set to start in
H2FY25, prototype
development and approval
is underway.
Cross Flow Fans (CFF):
Increase from 600,000
units to 800,000 units per
annum.
Planning to add brass
components and BLDC
motor components.
R&D Expansion: Enhancing
R&D capabilities to
accelerate new product
development
Expanding capacity and
enhancing utilization for
IDUs, ODUs, LED, and EMS
to drive further growth.
Implementing advanced
technologies to lower costs
and developing an in-
house tool room to better
meet customer needs.
Meet customers' aggressive
timeline requirements.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 18VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED17
[[PAGE 28]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 20VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED19
Commercial Refrigerator
Water Dispenser
Lighting Products
Indoor Unit (IDU) Outdoor Unit (ODU)
Glass Top Deep
Freezer Range
Hard Top Deep
Freezer Range
Top Push Front Push
Cob Downlight Flood Light Street Lights
(Eco Lens Model)
Double Colour
Down Light
Motion Sensor
Lamp
DownlightersStep Light
Bulkhead Step PanelsStick Lamp
Candle Emergency LED
Lamp
Pumpkin
Lamp
Multi-wattage
Lamp
Air Conditioner
Our Products
[[PAGE 29]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 22VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED21
Our Components
Copper Tubing Systems
Cross Flow Fan
Sheet Metal PartsAluminium Pressure Die Casting
Lamp Housing
Plastic Injection MouldingRemotes
Wire Harnesses
Controller Boards
[[PAGE 30]]
Nurturing a strong family
of ambitious professionals
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 24VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED23
[[PAGE 31]]
1
3
5
2
4
6
We are continuously working towards developing a diverse product portfolio and improving
specialisation in high-volume, large - scale production of consumer & industrial products, with
maximum backward intengration to make us competitive in the market both at national and
internalnational levels.
This Annual Report provides a cohesive view of our performance and ability to create value
consistently through six capitals.
Company is a preferred vendor in the western region for OEMs. Also, it is in close proximity to the
port which reduced its logistics costs for exports.
Company has received ₹ 50.5 Crore sanction towards backward integration of White Goods (Air
Conditioners) under PLI scheme out of a total of 26 companies. Company is maximizing its
backward integration to provide maximum value addition to its customers.
At VOEPL, we believe there is tremendous potential & need in the market for development of strong
manufacturing bases, both from our countries stand point and also for the development of society.
We at VOEPL want to give our best efforts and contribute towards achieving this goal for the
country and the community.
Over the year VOEPL has improved its fundamentals in key areas such as:
Water Dispensers: Developed and started commercial production. Export order dispatches have
begun.
Commercial Refrigeration: Prototypes for the first models are ready.
New manufacturing unit expected to be operational in H2FY25.
EMS - Controller boards for appliances being developed in-house controllers for BLDC motors &
production EV chargers controllers boards for customers. 
Continuous Backward Integration: Established a new aluminum die casting unit and added
injecion blow moulding capabilites to enhance backward integration for LED lighting and other
products.
Initiated in-house brass components manufacturing, set to expand AC components
infrastructure by H2FY25.
“Our core values are
professionalism, good
corporate governance,
customer first and
quality focus”.
Our Pillars
Financial Capital
Continuous value creation for stakeholders
Improvement in asset turnover ratio & ROCE
Maintaining a healthy debt equity ratio
Improvement of overall PAT of the company.
Human Capital 
Skill development through various training programs
Ensuring safety and well-being of employees & their families
Social and Relationship Capital
Generated employment opportunities
Continuous engagement with customer and stakeholder
Intellectual Capital
Strengthening of ODM capabilities for Consumer, Industrial  Goods &
Electronic Products
Upgrading our testing labs with national / international accreditations
Continuous strengthening  of the R&D team 
Manufacturing Capital
Backward integration for components
Increase in EMS capacities & also manufacturing capacities for Air
Conditioners both IDU & ODU.
Natural Capital
Upgraded EMS lines for compliance with RoHS guidelines for reduction of
use of materials with heavy metals
Usage of energy efficient devices and reducing consumption by optimizing
usage
Installed 1MW Solar Roof top project to generate reneuable energy and save
cost
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 26VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED25
[[PAGE 32]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 28VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED27
Industry Overview
Air conditioner segment (AC)
In 2024, the revenue in the Air Conditioners market in India amounts to INR USD 5.88bn.
It is projected to grow annually by 16.56% (CAGR 2024-2029).
When compared globally, China generates the highest revenue in this segment, reaching INR
USD 15,980m in 2024.
Looking ahead to 2029, the volume in the Air Conditioners market is expected to reach 22.9 Mn
pieces units.
Additionally, there is an anticipated volume growth of 17.3% in 2025.
The average volume per household in the Air Conditioners market is expected to be 0.04 pieces
units in 2024.
·India's air conditioner market is experiencing a surge in demand due to the country's rising
middle class and increasing urbanization.
AC manufacturers remain confident of registering double-digit growth to cross the 11.5-million-
unit sales-mark this year.
Sale of energy-efficient 5-star inverter-technology-based models will have a higher contribution
from metro cities and other big markets, while affordable 3-star ACs will continue to dominate
the semi-urban and rural markets,
*Source - Business Standard, Statista
*Source - Techsciresearch
Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) 
The current electronic exports of the country stand at USD 125-130 billion. The country's
electronic manufacturing is likely to reach around USD 250 billion in the next 5 years, said a
source in the ministry.
·The demand for components and sub-assemblies stood at USD 45.5 billion to support USD 102
billion worth of electronics production. This demand is expected to scale to USD 240 billion to
support the USD 500 billion worth electronics production by 2030. 
The priority components and sub-assemblies including PCBAs are projected to grow at a
robust CAGR of 30 per cent, reaching USD 139 billion by 2030.
The Indian government, through various incentive schemes, has also provided an outlay of Rs
760 billion for electronic manufacturing in India. India's per capita electronic consumption is
one-fourth of global consumption.
In terms of imports, China and Hong Kong account for a significant portion, representing 44
per cent and 16 per cent respectively, of India's total electronic imports.
Conversely, mobile phones and Electronic Control Units (ECUs) dominate India's electronic
exports, with the United States and the UAE emerging as the largest export destinations,
collectively absorbing a substantial share of India's electronic products. 
In order to position India as a global hub for electronic manufacturing, the government has
announced various schemes including the Production Linked Incentive Scheme (PLI) for Large
Scale Electronics Manufacturing, Production Linked Incentive Scheme (PLI) for IT Hardware,
Scheme for Promotion of Manufacturing of Electronic Components and Semiconductors
(SPECS) and Modified Electronics Manufacturing Clusters Scheme (EMC 2.0).
[[PAGE 33]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 30VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED29
Commercial Refrigerator Market Water Dispenser Market
Key Market Drivers
The Indian commercial refrigeration market will double to ₹10,000 crore in 4 years. Currently,
the market size is between ₹4,500 crore and ₹5,000 crore and by FY28 it is expected to cross
₹10,000 crore.
In FY24, it was 3 lakhs units, in FY25, it will become 6 lakh and in FY26, it will become 9 lakhs.
India Deep Freezer Market was valued at US$ 536.98 million in 2023 and is projected to surpass
the market size of US$ 4,058.79 million by 2032 at a CAGR of 25.2% during the forecast period
2024-2032.
The Indian deep freezer market has experienced significant growth and shifts in recent years. In
2022, the market reached a landmark with the sale of approximately 1.3 million units, which
represents a burgeoning demand across households and commercial establishments alike. This
growth was propelled by both domestic and international brands, with three top brands recording
combined sales of over 800,000 units. These figures underscore the increasing competitiveness and
market dynamism. Wherein, the average price of household deep freezers floated around $188,
providing a cost- effective solution for consumers. Meanwhile, commercial entities, often requiring
larger storage capacities, faced an average price tag of  $625. This price differentiation also reflects
the diverse functionality and feature sets offered in the market.
India Water Cooler Market was valued at USD 150.60 million in 2024 and is anticipated to grow
with a CAGR of 7.63% through 2030. The India water cooler market is experiencing significant
growth driven by several key factors. Urbanization is one of the primary drivers, as more people
move to cities, increasing the demand for accessible and clean drinking water in workplaces,
educational institutions, and public spaces. This urban shift has also heightened awareness about
water safety and hygiene, further bolstering the market.
Rising temperatures and longer summer seasons across India have led to an increased reliance on
water coolers to provide refreshing, chilled water. This climatic trend, coupled with the growing
middle class and their disposable income, has spurred the adoption of both residential and
commercial water coolers
Technological advancements and innovations in the water cooler segment are shaping market
dynamics. Manufacturers are focusing on developing eco-friendly and energy-efficient models
that reduce electricity consumption and utilize sustainable materials. Additionally, smart water
coolers with features like touchless dispensing and remote monitoring are gaining traction,
especially in the context of post-pandemic health and safety concerns.
Market players are also expanding their product lines to cater to various consumer needs, from
compact and sleek designs for small spaces to robust industrial units for large organizations. The
ongoing demand for rental and service models in offices and events is also contributing to market
growth.
The commercial segment is rapidly emerging as the fastest-growing sector within the India water
cooler market. This growth is fueled by the expanding presence of businesses, educational
institutions, healthcare facilities, and public spaces that increasingly prioritize the provision of
clean, cold drinking water. As India's economy grows, more companies are establishing or
expanding their operations, particularly in urban areas. These organizations need reliable water
cooling solutions to ensure the comfort and well-being of employees, clients, and visitors.
Moreover, the hospitality industry, including hotels, restaurants, and event venues, is a significant
driver of demand for commercial water coolers. These establishments require high-capacity,
efficient systems to meet the needs of large numbers of guests. Additionally, the ongoing
expansion of the retail sector, with the proliferation of shopping malls and supermarkets, boosts
the demand for robust water cooling solutions to cater to heavy foot traffic.
Rising Urbanization and Population Growth
India is undergoing rapid urbanization, with millions moving from rural areas to cities in search of
better job prospects and living conditions. This massive urban influx has led to a higher
concentration of people in urban centers, which increases the demand for public and private
access to clean, cold drinking water.
Cities like Mumbai, Delhi, and Bangalore are seeing explosive growth in residential buildings,
commercial offices, shopping malls, and educational institutions. These facilities require efficient
water-cooling solutions to meet the needs of a growing urban population. High-rise apartment
buildings, office complexes, and public spaces are increasingly installing water coolers to provide
accessible drinking water, reflecting the necessity for such infrastructure in densely populated
areas.
Moreover, urban dwellers tend to have higher disposable incomes and a greater awareness of
health and convenience, driving demand for more sophisticated water-cooling solutions. The rise
in nuclear families and smaller living spaces also boosts the need for compact, high- efficiency
water coolers that can fit into modern, urban lifestyles.
A nationwide survey on deep freezer market with a sample of 10,000 participants revealed that
energy efficiency and brand reputation stood out as the prime determining factors in purchasing
decisions. In line with this, the average energy consumption statistic of 500 kWh annually for
household deep freezers became a pivotal selling point for many. Today, e-commerce platforms
have emerged as significant players in the distribution chain, boasting sales of around 400,000
units, especially spiking during festive seasons. While online sales continue to burgeon, it's worth
noting that India's import- export balance for deep freezers indicates a domestic dominance. The
nation imported an estimated 200,000 units while exporting about 50,000, suggesting a
considerable internal production capacity and a rising export potential.
The market's inclination towards sustainability and adaptability is evident. Approximately 30,000
old units underwent recycling or refurbishing, and sustainable solar-powered models, though still in
a nascent stage, found 10,000 buyers. Meanwhile, the rental market carved its niche, especially in
metropolitan regions, with around 20,000 units rented out, predominantly catering to a transient
urban populace and event-centric demands.
Brands didn't limit their outreach to sales alone in India deep freezer market. Over 50 new deep
freezer models were introduced to the Indian consumer, each addressing unique market segments
and needs. This proliferation of choice was complemented by brands establishing over 2,000
service centers, especially emphasizing tier-2 and tier-3 cities, acknowledging the country's vast
geographical and demographic expanse. Yet, the number of complaints lodged, around 10,000
primarily about after-sales services, indicates areas where brands can further refine their customer
service. With the digital wave sweeping India deep freezer market, transactions for deep freezers
amassing to $118 million were carried out via digital means. This trend, combined with around $2.5
million worth of discounts during festive promotions, indicates an evolving consumer behavior,
seamlessly blending the traditional with the digital.
*Source - cnbctv, Astuteanalytica
*Source - cnbctv, Astuteanalytica
[[PAGE 34]]
Who Drive
Progress With
Their Dedication
And
Enthusiasm
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 32VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED31
[[PAGE 35]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 34VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED33
Collaborative efforts are central to our strategy, as we engage in
partnerships with various stakeholders to drive progress toward shared
sustainable development goals, creating value for society and our business.
We prioritize innovation in our operations, investing in advanced
infrastructure and technologies that drive sustainable growth and enhance
our ability to serve clients effectively while reducing our environmental
footprint.
Through our projects and partnerships, we are contributing to the
development of sustainable cities and communities, focusing on reducing
environmental impact and enhancing the quality of life for all residents.
We are dedicated to fostering a work environment that supports fair wages,
safe working conditions, and opportunities for professional development,
contributing to broader economic growth and stability.
Sustainability Goals
One of the core drivers behind the company is to help build sustainable employment and livelihood.
The objective is to inspire & drive the society around us to grow and thrive. To give back to the
community and to empower them to uplift their lives
Hence, we continuously endeavour to leave a positive footprint and work towards building a company
that can continue to contribute towards the growth of the country & society for generations to come.
Our commitment to gender equality is reflected in our inclusive workplace
culture, where we actively promote diversity and equal opportunities for all
employees, ensuring that everyone has a voice and the potential to lead.
We are committed to responsible consumption and production practices,
ensuring that our operations minimize waste and environmental impact
while promoting the efficient use of resources across our value chain.
CAPITAL INVESTMENT ON SOLAR PROJECT
FOR ENERGY GENERATION: 
Company has successfully installed 1 MW rooftop Solar Power generation Plant at Unit 2 at Janori,
Nashik. Rooftop Solar power Plant is a collection of solar panels installed on the roof of a Plant
building to convert sunlight into electricity. We have used high efficiency solar panels to generate
maximum electricity in the available area. 
The expected future benefits of the project are: 
Renewable Energy Source 
Reduced dependence for energy from electricity board 
Reduction in electricity charges.
Further roadmap is to enhance this 1 MW capacity solar plant to 3.5 MW capacity in near future and we
intend to install roof-top solar power plant for 2 more units at Nashik. These project is expected to be
complete by March, 2025.
[[PAGE 36]]
Leading advancements with new
technologies while growing stronger
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 36VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED35
[[PAGE 37]]
Particulars
For the year ended
March 31, 2024 March 31, 2023
Revenue From operations 53,108.41 33,726.51
Other Income 122.01 80.7
Total Income 53,230.42 33,807.21
Total Expenses 51,800.23 32,678.12
Profit/Loss before Exceptional Items and Tax 1,430.19 1,129.09
Add/(Less): Exceptional Items - -
Profit before Tax 1,430.19 1,129.09
Tax Expense 250.00 198.00
Profit after Tax 1180.19 931.09
Deferred Tax 167.45 154.38
Profit for the year 1,012.73 776.71
Chairman’s Message to
Shareholders
Dear Shareholders,
It gives me immense pleasure to present the annual report of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited with
you. 
 
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (VOEPL) started its operation with a small investment and a team
of handful people in Electronics Manufacturing & Assembly almost a decade ago. Over the years, it
gives me immense pleasure in sharing, that we have grown in strength and size. We continuously
strive to learn from our experiences and grow with the guidance and support of our customers and
stakeholders. 
We are developing new products & venturing into new product categories, to help the company
have a stronger base and to be able to cater to a wider customer base. We are also strengthening
our ODM capabilities in line with the expectations of our customers in both electronics and
appliances. 
 
The company has delivered strong revenue growth of nearly 69% year on year led by growth in
volumes from existing businesses (EMS, LED, AC-IDU & Components) as well as from new products
added during the year (AC-ODU & Water Dispenser). We are hoping to continue our growth
trajectory in FY25 and FY26 led by further expansion in our manufacturing capacities, backed by
strong demand for our products from leading customers. The new manufacturing unit for
commercial refrigeration is expected to be operational in H2 of FY25, increasing the product
offerings by the company significantly. 
 
Company has raised capital by a preferential issue for funds during the year, as required by the
company to fuel the planned growth. We will be utilizing proceeds primarily towards addition of
fixed assets and working capital to meet the increasing working capital requirement with the
increase in sales.
 
We intend to continue working towards the growth of the company with the objective of
strengthening our manufacturing capabilities, upliftment of society, long term sustainability and to
contribute towards the vision of Atmanirbhar Bharat. 
 
We thank you for your continued support & confidence. 
 
Yours Sincerely 
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & Managing Director
Directors Report
Dear Member(s),
Your directors take immense pleasure in presenting the 9th Annual Report on the business and
operations of your Company along with its Audited Financial Statements for the year ended on 31   
March, 2024.
The financial performance of the company during the year is as under: 
The financial statements of your Company are prepared in accordance with the applicable
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) including Accounting Standards as specified in
Section 133 of the Act, read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, and amendments thereof.
Financial Summary
(₹ In lakhs)
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 38VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED37
th
st
Your Company offers widest ranges of air conditioning and lighting products. It fulfills the lighting
& air-conditioning requirements of a large number of corporate customers. Your Company
continues to operate in one segment i.e., manufacturing, selling and marketing of white Goods
and there is no change in the nature of Business of your Company.
Revenue from operations for the current financial year grew 57.45% to ₹ 53,108.41 lakhs as
compared to ₹ 33,726.51 lakhs in the previous financial year. Net profit for the current financial year
increased by 30.39% to ₹ 1,012.73 lakhs as compared to ₹ 776.71 lakhs in the last financial year.
Company has generated record revenue and profits.
Operational Overview
[[PAGE 38]]
Particulars
Details
From April 1, 2024
till date FY 24 FY 23 FY 22
Total options outstanding as at the
beginning of the period 20,00,000 20,00,000 20,00,000 Nil
Total options granted 2,59,140 2,59,140 Nil Nil
Exercise price of options in ₹ (as on
the date of grant options) Nil 246.3 Nil Nil
Options forfeited/lapsed/cancelled 12,820 12,820 Nil Nil
Variation of terms of options NA
Money realized by exercise of options
during the year/period NA
Total number of options outstanding
in force at the end of period/year 19,87,180 19,87,180 20,00,000 Nil
Total options vested (excluding the
options that have been exercised) Nil Nil Nil Nil
Options exercised Nil
The total number of Equity Shares
arising as a result of full exercise of
granted options (including options
that have been exercised)
Nil
Preferential issue was approved for fresh issue of 35,00,100 equity shares having face value of ₹
10/- each at a premium of ₹245.10/- per share at the Board Meeting held on January 11, 2024 by the
board of directors and passed with requisite majority at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting held
on February 03, 2024 by the shareholders of your company and your company has received the
In-principle from BSE Limited on February 20, 2024. 
Your company has allotted equity shares on March 02, 2024. The Listing approval of equity share
from BSE Limited has not been received due to increase of paid-up capital beyond 25 Crores.
Accordingly, the credit of Equity Shares from CDSL and NSDL is also pending and hence 3,500,100
Shares are not tradable on Stock Exchange.
During the period under review, your Company has not bought back any of its securities / has not
issued any Sweat Equity Shares / has not issued any Bonus Shares/ has not issued shares with
Differential Voting rights and there has been no change in the voting rights of the shareholders.
Preferential Issue
The board of directors had proposed “VOEPL” Employee Stock Option Plan 2023. The “VOEPL”
Employee Stock Option Plan-2023 was approved on January 30, 2023 by Board of Directors and
on February 24, 2023 by shareholders by passing Special Resolution. Board of directors has
reserved 20,00,000 options under this plan for employees. During the year, your company had
granted 2,59,140 options to employees at the price and terms as per the proposal by NRC
committee and 12,820 ESOPs lapsed or cancelled. The details of “VOEPL Employee Stock Option
Plan- 2023” (“ESOP 2023” or Scheme) are as provided below:
Employees Stock Option Plan
In view of the planned business growth, your directors estimate it proper to preserve the resources
in order to fund new growth opportunities and therefore, do not propose any dividend for the
Financial Year ended March 31, 2024.
Dividend
The amount of profit of ₹ 1,012.73 lakhs is transferred to the Reserve and Surplus Account for the
year under review.
Reserves
Your Company has increased Authorized share capital from ₹26,00,00,000 (divided into
2,60,00,000 equity shares of ₹ 10/- each) to ₹ 35,00,00,000 (divided into 3,50,00,000 equity shares
of ₹ 10/- each), vide ordinary resolution passed in the extra-ordinary general meeting held on
February 03, 2024.
The Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up equity share capital has also been increased from Rs.
22,83,86,560 to Rs. 26,33,87,560 pursuant to the preferential issue for which allotment was done on
March 02, 2024. 
As on 31st March, 2024 the Issued, subscribed and paid up capital was ₹ 26,33,87,560/- (divided into
2,63,38,756 equity shares of ₹ 10/- each.)
Share Capital Structure
Funds Raised During The Year
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 40VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED39
[[PAGE 39]]
Particulars
Details
From April 1, 2024 till date FY 24 FY 23 FY 22
Employee wise details of options granted to:
Key managerial personnel: 60,000 60,000 60,000 Nil
Any other employee who receives a grant in any one year of options amounting to 5% or more of the options granted during
the year Nil
(iv) Identified employees who were granted options during any one year equal to or exceeding 1% of the issued capital
(excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) of our Company at the time of grant Nil
Lock-in period NA
Fully diluted EPS on a pre-Offer basis pursuant to the issue of Equity Shares on exercise of options calculated in accordance
with the applicable accounting standard on ‘EPS’ (in ₹)
Fully diluted EPS as per the Audited Financial Statements:
Particulars FY 24 FY 23 FY 22
31, 2023 31, 2022
Diluted EPS 4.38 4.28 3.11
Description of the pricing formula and method and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of options granted
during the year including, weighted average information, namely, risk-free interest rate, expected life, expected volatility,
expected dividends and the price of the underlying share in market at the time of grant of the option
Black- Scholes formula
Particular Tranches 1 Tranches 2 Tranches 3 Tranches 4
Valuation date August 10, 2023 August 10, 2023 August 10, 2023 August 10, 2023
Volatility (S) 25% 25% 25% 25%
Risk free rate 7.17% 7.16% 7.19% 7.19%
Time to Expiration (T) 4.5 years 5.5 years 6.5 years 7.5 years
Impact on the profits and on the Earnings per Equity Share of the last three years if the accounting policies specified in the
SEBI SBEB Regulations had been followed, in respect of options granted in the last three years Not Applicable
Where our Company has calculated the employee compensation cost using the intrinsic value of the stock options, the
difference, if any, between employee compensation cost so computed and the employee compensation calculated on the
basis of fair value of the stock options and the impact of this difference, on the profits of our Company and on the Earnings per
Equity Share of our Company
Yes
Intention of the Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management Personnel and whole-time directors who are holders of Equity
Shares allotted on exercise of options granted to sell their Equity Shares within three months after the date of listing of Equity
Shares pursuant to the Offer
No options exercised, hence not applicable
Intention to sell Equity Shares arising out of “VOEPL Employee Stock Option Plan- 2023” (“ESOP 2023” or Scheme) within three
months after the listing of Equity Shares, by Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management Personnel and
employees having Equity Shares arising out of an employee stock option scheme, amounting to more than 1% of the issued
capital (excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) of our Company.
No options exercised, hence not applicable
The Company has adequately maintained the cost records as specified by the Central Government under Section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013.
Maintainance of cost records
The state of your Company’s affairs is given under the heading ‘Financial Summary/ Highlights’, Overview of Company’s Performance’ and various other headings in this Report and the Management Discussion and
Analysis Report, which forms part of the Annual Report.
State of company affairs
During the year under review, Our Company was not required to transfer any funds to Investor Education and Protection Funds (IEPF).
Investor education and protection fund
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 42VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED41
[[PAGE 40]]
The Board had duly constituted following Committees, which are in line with the provisions of
applicable laws: 
A detailed update on the composition, number of meetings, attendance and terms of reference of
aforesaid Committees are provided in the section “Committees of the Board” of “Corporate
Governance Report.”
A. Audit Committee
B. Nomination and Remuneration Committee
C. Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
D. Management/Executive Committee
E. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Committees Of The Board
During the year under review, the Company has not accepted any public deposit during the year
under review and no amount against the same was outstanding at the end of the year.
Public Deposit
Necessary declarations from each Independent Director of the Company are received, confirming
that he/she met with the criteria of independence as laid out in sub-section (6) of Section 149 of the
Companies Act, 2013 and under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, 2015.
Declaration By Independent Directors
There were no such material changes and commitments affecting the financial position of your
Company which have occurred between the end of the Financial Year of your Company to which
the Financial Statements relate and the date of Board Report.
Material changes and commitments affecting the financial position of the company
As per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations 2015, The Board adopted
a formal mechanism for evaluating its performance and as well as that of its committees and
individual Directors, including the Chairman of the Board. The exercise was carried out through a
structured evaluation process covering various aspects of the Boards functioning such as
composition of the Board & committees, experience & competencies, performance of specific
duties & obligations, contribution at the meetings and otherwise, independent judgment,
governance issues etc.
Board Evaluation
As required under Section 134 (3) (m) of the Act read with Rule 8 of The Companies (Accounts)
Rules, 2014, are set out in the annexure to the Directors’ Report as Annexure - 1.
Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and
Outgo
The Company is continuously focusing on improved training, new initiatives and communications
enhancing safety in the work place. Safety and occupational health responsibilities are integral to
your Company's business process. Safety is a key performance indicator and your Company is
committed to ensuring zero harm to its employees, to any person in the Company premises and
to the community. Company has implemented various measures in light with the requirement of
safety and ensuring the health of its employees:
Health, Safety And Environment
During the Financial year 2023-24,
1. Mr. Hariom Kushawaha, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer of the Company
has resigned w.e.f. January 27, 2024.
2. Ms. Vibhuti Kulkarni, was appointed as Company Secretary & Compliance Officer of
the company w.e.f. January 28, 2024.
Changes In Key Managerial Personnel 
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 44VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED43
1. Regular safety training sessions are conducted for employees to enhance their knowledge
and skills in identifying and mitigating potential hazards.
2. Performed regular safety inspections and audits to identify and address potential safety
risks and ensure compliance with regulations.
3. Mock Drills are Conducted for potential emergencies.
4. Periodic Employee Recognition and Motivation for their contributions to safety, promoting
a safety-first culture.
5. Annual medical checkups for employees to monitor their health and well-being, and
provide early intervention and support as needed.
1.   Ensured compliance with environmental regulations and standards.
2. Implemented effective waste management practices to minimize waste and promote
recycling.
3. Implemented energy-efficient practices to reduce energy consumption.
4. Promoted sustainable practices throughout the organization.
1. Monthly Safety Committee Meetings to discuss safety concerns, incidents, and best
practices.
2. Incident Reporting and Investigation to identify root causes and implement corrective
actions.
3. Continuous Improvement with employee suggestions and ideas welcomed and
implemented.
4. Periodic review of HSE policies and objectives to ensure alignment with organizational
goals and regulatory requirements.
Apart from safety initiatives, your Company is also focusing on environment protection with
below activities are monitored and conducted during the year:
Company has ensured compliance with Commitment to Health Safety and Environment
protection measures via below activities:
The Company is in compliance with the provisions of E-Waste (Management) Rules, 2022 from
Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) of the Government of India.
[[PAGE 41]]
Pursuant to Section 152 of Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Sukrit Bharati, shall retire by rotation at the
ensuing Annual General Meeting being eligible offers himself for re-appointment for directorship
of the company.
Mrs. Komal Kotecha, (DIN: 09141355) has resigned as an Independent Director w.e.f. May 29, 2023.
Ms. Ila Bhat (DIN: 10605053) was, on recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration
Committee, appointed by the Board of Director as additional director (Non-Executive,
Independent) under section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 w.e.f. April 29, 2024, She was
regularized in the Extra Ordinary General Meeting of the company which was held on 26.07.2024.
The requisite particulars in respect of Directors seeking appointment / re-appointment are given
in Notice convening the Annual General Meeting.
All the directors of the Company have confirmed that they are not disqualified from being
appointed as directors in terms of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Details of policy of appointment and remuneration of directors have been provided in the
Corporate Governance Report.
Board Of Directors, Its Committees And Meetings Thereof
The updated policies adopted by the Company as per statutory and governance requirements are
uploaded on website of the Company at www.voepl.com.
Policies
A statement containing the names and other particulars of employees in accordance with the
provisions of section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 5(1) of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is appended as Annexure - 2
to this report.
The information required under Rules 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, forms part of this Annual Report.
Having regard to the provisions of Section 134 and Section 136 of the Companies Act, 2013, the
Reports and Accounts are being sent to the members excluding such information. However, the
said information is available for inspection for members at the registered office of the Company
during business hours on working days of the Company up to the date of ensuing AGM. Any
shareholder interested in obtaining a copy of such statement may write to the Company Secretary
at the registered office of the Company or e-mail to cs@voepl.com.
Particulars Of Employees
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 46VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED45
Pursuant to the provisions of section 188 of Companies Act, 2013. All the related party transactions
entered into during the financial year under review were in ordinary course of business and on an
arm’s length basis. There were no materially significant transactions with related parties during
the financial year which were in conflict with the interest of the Company. Accordingly,
information in form AOC-2 is not annexed.
All Related Party Transactions are placed before the Audit Committee and the Board for approval.
Prior omnibus approval of the Audit Committee is obtained for the transactions which are of a
foreseen and repetitive nature. The transactions entered into pursuant to the omnibus approval so
granted are placed before the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors for their review and
approval on a quarterly basis.
Other details for inter corporate financial transactions or remuneration and other benefits paid to
directors, their relatives, key managerial personnel etc. are given as per requirements of AS 18.
Details Of Related Parties Transactions Purusant To Section 188(1) Of The Companies Act,
2013
During the year under review the Company has not made any inter corporate loans, investments,
given any corporate guarantee to any other body corporate, subsidiary, associate or any other
company
Details Of Loans, Guarantees And Investments U/S 186 Of The Companies Act, 2013
M/s. Jain Chhajed & Associates, Chartered Accountants, an Auditors firm was appointed as
Statutory auditors of the company, for the second term of five consecutive years at the 6th Annual
General Meeting held on Thursday, June 3, 2021. As per Rule 6(3) of the Companies (Audit and
Auditors) Rules 2014, they are eligible to continue as the statutory auditors. They have confirmed
that they are not disqualified from continuing as Auditors of the Company.
The Notes on financial statement referred to in the Auditors’ Report are self-explanatory and do
not call for any further comments. The Auditors’ Report does not contain any qualification,
reservation, adverse remark or disclaimer.
Statutory Auditors
AUDITORS
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with rules made
thereunder, the Board of Directors has appointed M/s Prachi Bansal & Associates, Practicing
Company Secretaries, as Secretarial Auditor to conduct Secretarial Audit of the Company for the
Financial Year 2023-24. The report submitted by the Secretarial Auditor in Form MR-3 is attached
to this report as Annexure - 3 . The Secretarial Auditor Report does not contain any qualification,
reservation or adverse remark.
Secretarial Auditors
[[PAGE 42]]
In terms of the provisions of Section 148 of the Act, read with the Companies (Cost Records and
Audit) Rules, 2014, the Board of Directors had, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee,
appointed KPMSS & Associates, Cost Accountants, Nashik, as the Cost Auditors, to conduct the cost
audit for the financial year ended March 31, 2024.
As required under the Act, the remuneration payable to the cost auditor is required to be placed
before the members in a general meeting for their ratification. Accordingly, a resolution seeking
members’ ratification for the remuneration payable to Cost Auditors, forms part of the Notice
convening the Annual General Meeting.
Cost Auditors
During the year under review, none of the auditors, viz., statutory auditors, cost auditors, and
secretarial auditors, and internal auditors have reported to the Audit Committee, under Section
143(12) of the Act, any instances of fraud committed against the Company by its officers or
employees, the details of which would need to be mentioned in the Board’s Report.
Reporting Of Frauds By Auditors
In terms of the provisions of Section 138 of the Act read with Companies (Account) Rules, 2014, the
Company has re-appointed M/s Pooja M. Kulkarni & Co., Chartered Accountants, Nashik as the
internal auditors.
Internal Auditors
The Annual Return of the Company as on March 31, 2024 is available on the website of the
Company at www.voepl.com.
Annual return
Management Discussion and Analysis Report prepared pursuant to SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations; 2015 forms part this Directors’ Report is attached as 
Annexure - 4.
Management Discussion And Analysis Report
Corporate Governance Report prepared pursuant to SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 forms part of this Directors’ Report.
During the year under review, your company has complied with the applicable Secretarial
Standards.
Corporate Governance
The Fixed Assets and Stocks of your Company are adequately insured.
Insurance
Your Company has an Internal Financial Control System commensurate with the size, scale and
complexity of its operations. Your Company has adopted proper system of Internal Control and
Risk Management to ensure that all assets are safeguarded and protected against loss from
unauthorized use or disposition and that the transactions are authorized, recorded and reported
properly.
The effectiveness of internal financial controls is reviewed through the internal audit process.
Reports of internal auditors are reviewed by Audit Committee of the Company and desired actions
are initiated to strengthen the control and effectiveness of the system.
Risk Management And Internal Control System
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 48VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED47
During the year, the company has constituted the CSR Committee due to applicability of the
provisions sub-section (1) of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013.
The details of the CSR Committee are provided in the Corporate Governance Report, which forms
part of this Integrated Annual Report. The CSR policy is available on the website of your Company
at https://www.voepl.com/investors. The Annual Report on CSR activities is annexed and forms part
of this report. Your Company has spent more than 2% of the average net profits of your Company,
during the three years immediately preceding financial year. The Chief Financial Officer of your
Company has certified that CSR spends of your Company for FY24 have been utilized for the
purpose and in the manner approved by your Board of your Company.
Our Company has Utilized CSR Funds for Apprenticeship Training Under ‘Skill Training’ Under Item
No. (ii) Of Schedule VII of The Companies Act. We have imparted training to 109 apprentices under
a government registered scheme of WIL, NEEM, Flexi- MOU, NAPS for the Various purposes like
training for MI- Line, Wave Soldering, Assembly, SMT, Store, QA, R&D etc.
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Initiatives
The Company is committed to provide a safe and conducive work environment to its employees.
As per the requirements of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,
Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013 and rules made there under. Your Company has constituted
Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) which is responsible for redressal for complaints related to
sexual harassment. During the year under review, there were no complaints pertaining to sexual
harassment.
Prevention of Sexual Harassment of Women At Workplace
Pursuant to Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board of Directors, to the best of their
knowledge and ability, hereby confirm that:
Directors’ Responsibility Statement
in the preparation of the annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31st March,
2024, the applicable accounting standards have been followed along with proper explanation
relating to material departures, if any;
the directors have selected such accounting policies have been selected and applied them
consistently and judgment and estimates have been made that are reasonable and prudent
so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company as at 31st March, 2024
and of the loss of the Company for the year ended on that date;
the directors have taken proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance of
adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other
irregularities;
the annual financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis;
the directors, had laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the company and
that such internal financial controls are adequate and operating effectively;
the directors have advised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all
applicable laws and such systems are adequate and operating effectively.
[[PAGE 43]]
Your directors place on records their sincere appreciation for the valuable support and co-
operation received from Government of India and regulatory authorities, financial institutions and
banks associated with the Company during the year. Your directors thank all shareholders,
esteemed customers, suppliers and business associates for their faith, trust and confidence
reposed in the Company.
Your directors also wish to place on record their sincere appreciation for the dedicated efforts and
consistent contribution made by the employees at all levels.
The Directors look forward to your continuing support.
Acknowledgements
By Order of the Board of Directors
For Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & Managing Director
DIN: 03638084
Date   :  June 21, 2024
Place : Nashik
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 50VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED49
ANNEXURE – 1 
To The Directors' Report
Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo
[Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 for the year
ended March 31, 2024]
Your Company has always been conscious of the need for conservation of energy and has been
sensitive in making progress towards this end. Energy conservation measures have been
implemented at all the plants and offices of the Company and special efforts are being made on
undertaking specific energy conservation projects like:
The Company is primarily engaged in business of manufacturing of high-volume production of
Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) and consumer products. The Company manufacturing
consumer durable goods and assemble a wide array of products and provide end-to-end product
solutions. Company also serves under both original equipment manufacturing (OEMs) and
Original Design Manufacturers (ODMs) business model.
Your Company continues to strive for new avenues to improve operational efficiency across
generation, renewables and transmission and distribution businesses leading to conservation of
energy and optimization of resource consumption.
a. Optimum usage of Air Conditioners throughout its premises by ensuring that there is no cool
air leakage. 
b. Turning off lights in all floors when employees are not working 
c. Turning off the air conditioners during non-peak hours and on weekends. 
d. Installation of sun film to dissipate heat 
e. Usage of LED lights for all its lighting solution
f. Rainwater harvesting at one plant at Satpur, Nashik.
STEPS INITIATED OR IMPACT ON THE CONSERVATION OF ENERGY: 1.
In the generation business, various initiatives have been taken for optimization of operating
parameters across various plants. Few of these initiatives are highlighted below. Your company
has taken efforts to not only reduce the energy footprint but to also reduce the carbon footprint
by exploring alternate sources of energy. Your company have undertaken some large steps for
generating energy through Solar Energy. The details are as below:
a. The installation of 1MW Solar Rooftop project for captive generation and consumption was
started in FY 23-24 and completed successful commissioning in June 2024. This will help
generating ~15.70 lakh units of power for the company.  
b. Further 2 more Solar Rooftop projects of ~0.25 MW each are planned in FY 24-25.
THE STEPS TAKEN BY THE COMPANY FOR UTILIZING ALTERNATE SOURCES OF ENERGY2.
THE CAPITAL INVESTMENT ON ENERGY CONSERVATION EQUIPMENTS:3.
The primary investment done by the company towards energy consumption is Solar Rooftop
Projects undertaken by the company. 
A. CONSERVATION OF  ENERGY
[[PAGE 44]]
Details of technology imported Nil
Year of import Nil
Whether the technology been fully absorbed Nil
If not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not taken place, and the reason
thereof Nil
Research and technology development of the Company helps create superior value by harnessing
internal Research and Development skills and competencies and creates innovations in emerging
technology domains related to the Company’s various businesses. Research and technology
development focuses on: 
(i)New products, processes and catalyst development to support existing business and create
breakthrough technologies for new businesses.
Advanced troubleshooting and Support to capital projects, and profit and reliability improvements
in manufacturing plants.
INFORMATION REGARDING IMPORTED TECHNOLOGY (IMPORTED DURING LAST 3 0YEARS): No
technology has been imported by your Company in the last 3 years but the company is working
with a European Company for designing & development of new designs and prototypes of some
ODM projects the company is working on.
EXPENDITURE INCURRED ON R & D: Your company is in a regular process on Research &
Development. Your company had incurred capital expenditure of Rs. 288.89 lakhs during the year
on Research & Development. Your company is improving its strength and capabilities in R&D with
capabilities spanning across: 
Electronic Products Design & Development1.
OEM / ODM product development of consumer products2.
Tool Designing & Development3.
B. TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
We are strengthening our efforts on Brand Building at focused geographies and building new
channel partners across different geographies. The details of foreign exchange earnings and outgo
during the period under review is as under:
C. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
PARTICULARS FY 2023-24 FY 2022-23
Foreign Exchange inward - -
Foreign Exchange outgo 6341.07 4829.04
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 52VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED51
ANNEXURE – 2
To The Directors' Report
DISCLOSURES ON MANAGERIAL REMUNERATION
[Section 134(3)(q) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
Details of remuneration as required under Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, is provided below:
1.
Ratio of remuneration of each Director to the median employees’ remuneration for FY24
Sr. No. Name Designation Ratio of Remuneration of each Director to
Median of Remuneration of employees
1 Mr. Sukrit Bharati Managing Director 1.23
2 Mr. Vishrut Bharati Non-Executive Director NA
3 Mr. Abhinav Executive Director NA
4 Mrs. Ziral Soni Independent Director NA
5 Ms. Drashti Solanki Independent Director NA
6 Mrs. Komal Kotecha Independent Director NA
7 Mr. Sajid Shaikh Chief Financial Officer NA
8 Ms. Vibhuti Kulkarni Company Secretary and
Compliance officer NA
*Komal Kotecha (DIN: 09141355), has resigned w.e.f. 29th May, 2023 as an Independent Director.
Notes: 
Remuneration paid to all directors is within the overall limits approved by the shareholders of the Company.
Percentage increase in the remuneration of each director and key managerial personnel in FY24
Sr. No. Name Designation Increase in Remuneration
1 Mr. Sukrit Bharati Chairman and Managing Director 20%
2 Mr. Vishrut Bharati Non-Executive Director NA
3 Mrs. Komal Kotecha Independent Director NA
4 Mrs. Ziral Soni Independent Director NA
5 Ms. Drashti Solanki Independent Director NA
6 Mr. Sajid Shaikh Chief Financial Officer 38%
7 Ms. Vibhuti Kulkarni Company Secretary and
Compliance officer NA
*Komal Kotecha (DIN: 09141355), has resigned w.e.f. 29th May, 2023 as an Independent Director.
* Ms. Vibhuti Kulkarni, was appointed w.e.f. January 28, 2024 as Company Secretary and Compliance
officer.
Number of permanent employees 
The Company had 211 employees as of March 31, 2024.
Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in FY23 
The percentage decrease in the median remuneration of employees in FY24 stood at -4.05%. 
Average percentile increases already made in salaries of employees other than managerial personnel in
last financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in managerial remuneration
The average percentage decrease in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel
in the last financial year 2023-24 was 66% whereas there was increase in the managerial
remuneration for the current financial year. The remuneration paid was in line with the
performance of the Company, industrial standards and individual employee’s performance.
[[PAGE 45]]
ANNEXURE – 3
To The Directors' Report
Form No. MR-3 
Secretarial Audit Report 
For the Financial Year ended March 31, 2024
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of
Personnel) Rules, 2014]
I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the
adherence to good corporate practices by Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (hereinafter called “the
Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for
evaluating the corporate conducts / statutory compliance and expressing my opinion thereon.
To,
The Members 
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
Based on my verification of books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records
maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents
and authorised representatives in the conduct of secretarial audit, I hereby report that in my
opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on 31st March,
2024, generally complied with the statutory provisions listed here under and also that the Company
has proper Board-processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and
subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records
maintained by the Company for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2024 according to the
provisions of:
i.  The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;
ii. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder; 
iii. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder; 
iv. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the
extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial
Borrowings;
v. The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of
India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’):-
d. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefit) Regulation, 2014;
e. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations,
2008; (Not Applicable to the Company during the Audit Period);
f. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client; (Not Applicable as the
Company is not registered as Registrar to Issue and Share Transfer Agent during the financial year
under review). 
g. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009 (Not
Applicable to the Company during the Audit Period); and 
h. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 1998 and The
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as applicable
(Not Applicable to the Company during the Audit Period). 
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 54VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED53
a. The Securities and Exchange Board of India Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)
Regulations, 2011; 
b. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; 
c. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2009 and The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2018 and amendments from time to time; 
vi. The other laws as are applicable specifically to the Company are compiled as per
representation made by the management of company during the audit period. I have also
examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following: a. Secretarial Standards issued
by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. b. The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
1.    The Factories Act, 1948;
2.    The Payment of Wages Act, 1936
3.    The Minimum Wages Act, 1948
4.    Employees Provident Fund and Misc. Provisions Act, 1952
5.    Employers State Insurance Act, 1948;
6.    The Environment (Protection) Act, 1986;
7.    The Payment of Bonus Act, 1965;
8.    Maternity Benefits Act, 1961
9.    Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972
10.  Maharashtra Labour Welfare Fund Act, 1953
11.   Industrial Employment Standing Orders Act, 1946
12.   Contract Labour (Regulation & Abolition) Act, 1970
13.   Industrial Dispute Act, 1947.
14.   Employees Compensation Act, 1923
15.   E-Waste (Management) Rules, 2022
16.   The Apprentices Act, 1961
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following: 
During the period under review the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules,
Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above subject to filing of certain e-forms with
additional fees.
a. Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. 
b. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosures
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
[[PAGE 46]]
I further report that
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive
Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors.
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes
on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining
further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful
participation at the meeting.
As per the minutes, the decisions at the Board Meetings were taken unanimously. I further report
that based on review of compliance mechanism established by the Company and on the basis of
the Compliance Certificate(s) issued by the Company and taken on record by the Board of Directors
at their meeting(s), we are of the opinion that there are adequate systems and processes in place in
the Company which is commensurate with the size and operations of the Company to monitor and
ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines;
FOR PRACHI BANSAL & ASSOCIATES
COMPANY SECRETARIES
PRACHI BANSAL
(PROPRIETOR)
MEMBERSHIP NO. A43355
C.P. NO. 23670
PEER REVIEW NO. I2020HR2093500
DATE: 21-06-2024
PLACE: FARIDABAD
UDIN: A043355F000599790
I further report that
During the period under audit the Company has increased Authorized Share Capital from Rs.
26,00,00,000 (divided into 2,60,00,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each) to Rs. 35,00,00,000
(divided into 3,50,00,000 equity shares of Rs.10/- each), vide ordinary resolution passed in the
extra-ordinary general meeting held on February 03, 2024.
 The Company has made Preferential Issue of 35,00,100 Equity Shares and 31,50,000 Equity
Warrants having face value of Rs. 10/- each at a premium of Rs. 245.10/- per share/warrant. The
said equity shares were allotted on March 02, 2024 and the Listing approval from BSE Limited
has not been received due to increase of paid-up capital beyond 25 Crores. Accordingly, the
credit of Equity Shares from CDSL and NSDL is also pending and hence Shares are not tradable
on Stock Exchange.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 56VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED55
FOR PRACHI BANSAL & ASSOCIATES
COMPANY SECRETARIES
PRACHI BANSAL
(PROPRIETOR)
MEMBERSHIP NO. A43355
C.P. NO. 23670
PEER REVIEW NO. I2020HR2093500
DATE: 21-06-2024
PLACE: FARIDABAD
UDIN: A043355F000599790
To,
The Members 
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
It is the responsibility of the management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise
proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations
and to ensure that the systems are adequate and operate effectively.
Management’s Responsibility:
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures
followed by the Company with respect to secretarial compliances. We believe that audit evidence
and information obtained from the Company’s management is adequate and appropriate for us
to provide a basis for our opinion. Wherever required, we have obtained the management’s
representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc.
Auditor's Responsibility:
The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor
of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the
Company.
We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable
assurance about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was
done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that
the process and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of
account of the Company.
The relevant records have been examined through or received by electronic mode and physical
records were not inspected. However, necessary confirmation for the authenticity of the records
received has been provided by the Company.
Disclaimer:
ANNEXURE – A
Secretarial Audit Report
[[PAGE 47]]
ANNEXURE – 4
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT
To The Directors' Report
Electronics manufacturing services (EMS) is a term used for companies that design, manufacture,
test, distribute, and provide return/repair services for electronic components and assemblies for
original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). The concept is also referred to as electronics contract
manufacturing (ECM). 
1. Industry structure and developments Overview
“Virtuoso Optoelectronics is a leading player in manufacturing of Air Conditioners in India. In
addition to Air Conditioners, it also manufactures Water Heaters, LED Lights etc.”
The EMS industry has grown in prominence over the last decade particularly in the last five years.
The robust growth of India’s electronics industry is primarily driven by huge domestic demand for
products that can be attributed to a multitude of factors, including growing rising disposable
incomes, favorable duty structures and large-scale public procurement needs driven by
Government projects such as rural electrification and e-governance programs. A huge domestic
market and increasing export opportunities have placed the Indian electronics industry in an
enviable position on the global map. India is now being recognized for its R&D hubs, design &
engineering services and Electronics System Design and Manufacturing (ESDM). India is gaining
recognition as one of the best low-cost destinations for manufacturing. In the recent years, with
costs rising in other countries, India has been able to further expand the benefit on the cost front.
India is likely to emerge as a potential future manufacturing hub for the region, provided the
government shows adequate support and focus towards this sector. Specific factors anticipated to
push manufacturing in India are inclusive of a reduction in borrowing costs, export incentives,
reduction of customs duties on raw materials and components, and improvement in the ease of
doing business.
In 2024, the revenue in the Air Conditioners market in India amounts to INR US$5.88bn. It is
projected to grow annually by 17.29% (CAGR 2024-2028).
Production Linked Incentive (PLI) for IT hardware, large scale electronics manufacturing, White
Goods, Telecom & Networking Products and others.
Phased Manufacturing Program to promote domestic manufacturing of Mobile Phones and various
sub-assemblies involved in manufacturing of Mobile Phones.
The growing need for environmentally friendly and energy-efficient solutions is one of the main
factors influencing the market. Adopting refrigeration systems that use eco-friendly refrigerants
and consume as little energy as possible is becoming more and more important as awareness of
climate change and the need to cut greenhouse gas emissions grow. To satisfy these expectations,
manufacturers are devoting resources to R&D to create novel technologies such as enhanced
insulating materials, variable-speed compressors, and natural refrigerants such as hydrocarbons
and CO2.
Digitization and integration of Internet of Things (IoT) technologies into refrigeration systems is a
noteworthy trend that is influencing the market. Refrigeration equipment is capable of being
remotely managed, with predictive maintenance and real-time monitoring made possible by the
use of smart sensors, data analytics, and connection technologies. IoT-enabled refrigeration
systems help organizations cut expenses and downtime while improving food safety and quality
assurance by providing advantages such as enhanced energy efficiency, proactive problem
detection, and optimal performance.
In addition, the market has experienced surge in innovation and customization due to shifting
consumer tastes and dietary habits. Specialized refrigeration methods designed to maintain the
nutritional content and freshness of perishable commodities have been developed owing to the
growing demand for natural, organic, and fresh foods. A wide range of temperature-controlled
storage units, walk-in coolers, and refrigerated display cases are available from manufacturers, all
of which have been customized to satisfy the unique needs of various food categories and retail
settings.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 58VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED57
Event services, bakery, bars, and pubs. Region-wise, the commercial refrigeration is analyzed
across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and LAMEA.
Scheme for Promotion of Manufacturing of Electronics Components and Semiconductors
(SPECS).
The commercial refrigeration market is analysed on the basis of product, end user, and region. By
product type, the market is divided into deep freezers, bottle coolers, storage water coolers,
commercial kitchen refrigeration, medical refrigeration, chest refrigeration, and others. The others
segment includes ice cubes, bottled water dispenser, visi coolers, refrigerated display cases, and
beer dispensers. On the basis of end user, it is classified into full-service restaurant & hotels, food
processing industry, hospitals, retail pharmacies, supermarket/hypermarket, convenience stores,
quick service restaurants, and others. The others segment comprises catering services,
institutional catering,
 "To offset the disabilities faced by industries for quality infrastructure and to develop a robust
electronics manufacturing ecosystem in the country to make India an Electronics Manufacturing
Hub; Modified Electronics Manufacturing Clusters (EMC 2.0) Scheme has been notified vide
Gazette Notification No.CG-DL-E-01042020-218991 dated April 01, 2020 with the objective to
address the disabilities, by providing support for creation of world class infrastructure along with
common facilities and amenities, including Ready Built Factory (RBF) sheds / Plug and Play
facilities for attracting major global electronics manufacturers along with their supply chain to set
up units in the country.
This Scheme will fortify the linkage between domestic and international market by strengthening
supply chain responsiveness, consolidation of suppliers, decreased time-to-market, lower logistics
costs, etc.
The EMC 2.0 Scheme provides financial assistance for setting up of both EMC projects and
Common Facility Centres (CFCs) across the country. The Scheme is open for receipt of application
up to 31st March, 2024 (after extension). Further, disbursement of funds is available up to March,
2028, to the approved projects.
Modified Electronics Manufacturing Clusters (EMC 2.0) Scheme
[[PAGE 48]]
The growth in India's consumer market demand is driven primarily by rising disposable incomes
and easy access to credit, which in turn has increased purchasing power. While two-thirds of the
total revenue is generated from urban inhabitants, rural inhabitants are also contributing to the
growth of the industry. According to this research report, the Indian Air Conditioner Market was
valued at US$ 329.01 bn in 2022.
The growth of the industry can be attributed to factors such as increasing disposable incomes,
evolving lifestyles, and rising temperatures as a result of climate change. Additionally, the
government's focus on infrastructure development, including the construction of smart cities,
presents significant growth opportunities for the industry. The adoption of energy-efficient
technologies and eco-friendly refrigerants is expected to further drive the industry's growth in the
future.
In 2024, the revenue in the Air Conditioners market in India amounts to INR US$5.88bn.
It is projected to grow annually by 16.56% (CAGR 2024-2029).
When compared globally, in China generates the highest revenue in this segment, reaching INR
US$15,980m in 2024.
In terms of per household revenues, in India generates INR US$20.38 in 2024.
Looking ahead to 2029, the volume in the Air Conditioners market is expected to reach 22.9m
pieces units.
Additionally, there is an anticipated volume growth of 17.3% in 2025.
Lastly, the average volume per household in the Air Conditioners market is expected to be
0.04pieces units in 2024.
India's air conditioner market is experiencing a surge in demand due to the country's rising
middle class and increasing urbanization.
By Type, India's AC Market has divided into Room Air Conditioner, Ducted Air Conditioner, Ductless
Air Conditioner and Centralized Air Conditioner. The Indian market for room air conditioners is
among the world's largest and has witnessed rapid growth in recent times. The surge in demand
for residential air conditioners has been a key driver of this growth, owing to an increasing number
of middle-class households with higher disposable incomes seeking home appliances like air
conditioners. Besides, the trend of urbanization has led to more people living in compact
apartments and homes, leading to a need for smaller and efficient air conditioning solutions.
Meanwhile, the centralized air conditioning sector in India has also experienced steady growth in
recent years, primarily due to rising demand from various sectors such as commercial buildings,
hospitals, and industries.
Increasing demand from the Residential Sector will drive the Rooms AC Market:
Indian Air Conditioner market is divided into three categories based on product type: Windows Air
Conditioner (AC), Split Air Conditioner (AC), and Other Air Conditioner (AC). India's split air
conditioner (AC) industry is expected to sustain its growth trajectory in the coming years, driven by
factors such as rising urbanization, growing disposable incomes, and heightened awareness of air
quality and energy efficiency. The adoption of inverter technology is one of the industry's significant
trends, offering superior energy efficiency and reduced electricity bills. The Indian government's
initiatives to promote energy-efficient appliances, such as the Bureau of Energy Efficiency's (BEE)
star rating system for ACs, have also contributed to the industry's expansion by boosting demand
for higher-rated split ACs.
Increasing Urbanization and Rising Disposable Incomes Surge the Demand of Split AC:
Based on Sales Channel, Indian AC Market divided into Small Retailers, Modern Retail/MBO, and
Online (E-Commerce). In recent years, the online air conditioning (AC) industry in India has
experienced substantial growth due to the rising adoption of e-commerce platforms and the
increasing preference for online shopping. The availability of a vast array of AC brands and
models, competitive pricing, and the convenience of doorstep delivery and installation services
has all contributed to the industry's growth in India.
Small AC retailers in India have a crucial role in the air conditioning industry, especially in tier 2
and tier 3 cities where they cater to the local demand for ACs. These retailers typically operate
small shops or showrooms that offer a range of AC brands and models, along with installation
and after-sales services. Despite the growth of online sales, small retailers continue to play a vital
role in the air conditioning industry, particularly in smaller cities and towns, by providing
personalized services and meeting the specific needs of their local customers.
Western part of India will have Larger Market Share due to high demand in Upcoming Years.
By Regions, India AC Sector segmented into South, West, North and East. The western region,
consisting of states like Maharashtra, Gujarat, and Rajasthan, is a significant market for air
conditioning (AC) in India, due to high temperatures and humidity levels that drive demand in
residential, commercial, and industrial spaces.
Similarly, the North India AC market, which comprises states like Delhi, Punjab, Haryana, Uttar
Pradesh, and Uttarakhand, is also substantial, with extreme temperatures driving demand for ACs
in residential and commercial spaces. The split AC dominates the North India market, followed by
window ACs and portable ACs. Additionally, the commercial and industrial sectors, particularly in
cities like Delhi, Noida, and Gurgaon, have a high demand for ACs, while the hospitality industry,
including hotels, resorts, and restaurants, is also driving the demand for ACs.
Increasing adoption of E-Commerce Platform and the Growing Preference for online
Shopping is driving the Online Sales:
Strategy formulation for the medium and long-term as well as its execution and review have
always been a part of the Company’s strategic planning process. The board plays a key role in
guiding and shaping the Company’s medium-to long term strategy. The Company regularly
monitors and evaluates its internal strategies vis-à-vis the dynamic external environment and also
evaluates the key strategic risks and opportunities that impact the Company and its business.
Medium Term and Long-Term Strategy:
Following are the financial highlights of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2024, on a
standalone basis:
A good demand for the Company’s offerings across all business segments coupled with an early
onset of summer in some parts of the country helped Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited to register
a robust revenue growth. The Company delivered record revenue and profi ts in H2FY23-24 and
ended the year on a record high revenue of ₹ 53,230.42 lakhs.
Financial Performance Analysis: 
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 60VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED59
Air conditioner market in 2024
[[PAGE 49]]
Financial performance analysis is provided below: 
1. Income:
The year commenced on a promising note with a general improvement in consumer sentiment
witnessed in the first half of the previous  financial year. During the peak selling season for the
Company’s products, Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited ended the year on a strong note with the
total Income for the year ended March 31, 2024, growing by 57.45% to ₹53,240.42 lakhs as
compared to ₹33,807.21 lakhs in the previous year.
2. Cost Of Sales, Work Bills and Services:
The cost of sales, work bills and services during the year was ₹ 46,243.61 crores compared to
₹29,545.30 crores in the previous year. This cost increased by 56.52% from the previous year.
3. Employee Remuneration And Benefits:
Employee cost for the year at ₹ 1,244.95 lakhs increased by 75.49% compared to ₹ 709.42 lakhs in
the previous year, in line with the increase in scale and roll back of compensation cuts undertaken
in the previous year.
4. Operating And General Expenses:
Operating and general expenses increased to ₹ 862.68 lakhs from ₹375.40 lakhs in the previous
year. The operating and general expenses for the year were increased by 129.08% from previous
year. 
5. Financial Expenses:
Financial cost for the year was at ₹2,004.93 lakhs compared to ₹1,353.95 lakhs in the previous year.
The financial cost for the year increased to 48.08% from the previous year.
6. Depreciation:
Depreciation charge for the year increased to ₹ 1,826.91 lakhs as compared to ₹ 942.89 lakhs in the
previous year.
7.Profit Before Tax: 
Profit before tax and exceptional items for FY24 increased by 26.67% to ₹1,430.19 lakhs compared
to ₹1,129.09 lakhs in FY23. 
8.Profit After Tax: 
Profit after tax for FY24 increased by 30.39% to ₹1012.73 lakhs compared to ₹776.71 lakhs in FY23. 
9.Key Financial Ratios:: 
Sr. No. Key Financial Ratios FY24 FY23 Change%
1 Current Ratio (in times) 1.7 1.23 37.63%
2 Debt - Equity Ratio (in times) 0.64 0.94 -31.57%
3 Debt Service Coverage Ratio  (in times) 1.7 1.28 33.29%
4 Return on Equity Ratio (%) 6.68% 13.52% -50.58%
5 Inventory Turnover Ratio  (in times) 3.03 2.9 4.16%
6 Trade Receivables Turnover Ratio (in times) 22.43 19.25 16.52%
7 Trade Payables Turnover Ratio  (in times) 4.95 5 -0.94%
8 Net Capital Turnover Ratio  (in times) 6.74 20.97 -67.85%
9 Net Profit Ratio (%) 1.91% 2.30% -17.20%
10 Return on Capital Employed (%) 16.03% 25.66% -37.54%
11 Return on Investment (%) 1.64% 4.67% -64.83%
Improvement in current ratio and operating profit margin is a result of cost reduction initiatives
and operational efficiencies. With the continuous effort towards increasing potential to create
more earnings for shareholders, and reduction of dependability of debt, Company has successfully
lower down its debt equity ratio with remarkable number of 0.64 times as on 31st March, 2024.
Risks And Concerns:
Risks
The primary operating risks which could impact the Company relate to slowdown in the
manufacturing, environment and investment cycles, exposure to seasonality for some of its
businesses, dependence on sale of room air conditioners, competition from Indian and global
players, volatile exchange rates, interest rates, credit risks, import dependence, procurement
concentration risks, volatile commodity prices risks, changes in tax and other legislation as well as
risks arising out of higher input costs especially in the case of  fixed price contracts, health and site
safety, exposure to frauds, and changes in technology which impact the Company’s product
offerings. In addition, considering the current scenario, pandemic events and geopolitical
scenarios also pose a business continuity risk, apart from a general slowdown in the global and
local economy which tends to intensify risks faced by the Company. Virtuoso Optoelectronics lays
great emphasis on Enterprise level Risk Management, and has put in place a robust system for
risk identi fication, assessment and mitigation with strong internal controls, at both the business-
groups and corporate level in line with the Enterprise Risk Management framework. Signi ficant
risks across the entity are reviewed periodically by the Board of Directors. Further, the mitigation
action plans are integrated with the strategy and performance management processes, and also
with the internal audit plans. 
The Company has established an internal control system, commensurate with the size, scale and
complexity of its operations. In addition, the internal audit function reviews and reports updates
on compliance with internal controls, the efficiency and effectiveness of operations to the Audit
Committee.
Internal Control Systems and Their Adequacy 
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 62VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED61
[[PAGE 50]]
Corporate Outlook
The Company ended the year on a strong note with healthy growth across all segments. Virtuoso
Optoelectronics Limited is witnessing strong demand for air conditioners in H2FY24.Virtuoso
Optoelectronics Limited is growing faster than the market. With the increase in corporate capex
and revival of demand from traditional customer segments, prospects for growth in the Electronic
Manufacturing Projects and Commercial Air Conditioning business are also encouraging.
The Company’s cost optimization initiatives and prudent working capital management has been
helping Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited to sustain growth, pro fitability, and a strong balance
sheet.
ANNEXURE – 5
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Your Company believes that good corporate governance practices enable the Board to direct and
control the affairs of the Company in an efficient manner. At the same time, it also provides
transparency in all its day-to-day management and administration of the business and affairs of
the company. Timely information to investors, creditors, institutions, bankers, general public in
proper manner also provide them with an opportunity to take right decision on investment in the
company whether by way of equity or by debt instrument or even by financing or by making
business transactions.
(The Directors present detailed report on Corporate Governance for the financial year ended March 31st, 2024, as
per Regulation 34 read with Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015.)
1.  Philosophy on Corporate Governance
To The Directors' Report
The Company implements and practices the principles of Corporate Governance based on
fairness, transparency, integrity, honesty and accountability consistently being followed in all its
business practices and dealings. The Company is committed to observe good governance by
focusing on adequate & timely disclosures, transparent & robust accounting policies, strong &
independent Board and endeavors to maximize shareholders’ benefit.
Keeping the above in mind, your Company is fully committed to conduct its affairs in a fair and
transparent manner and to enhance shareholders value while complying with the applicable
Rules and Regulations. We are in compliance with all the requirements of the Corporate
Governance enshrined in Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred to as the “SEBI Listing
Regulations”).
The Board of Directors are entrusted with the ultimate responsibility of the management, general
affairs, direction and performance of the Company and has been vested with requisite powers,
authorities and duties. The Board of Directors provides a long-term vision and policy approach
which improves the quality of governance. It sets out the overall corporate objectives and provides
direction and independence to the management to achieve these objectives for value creation
through sustainable profitable growth.
2. Board of Directors
Composition and Category
The Company’s Board has an optimum mix of Executive and Non-Executive Directors, to maintain
independence and separate the functions of governance and management. The composition of
the Board is in conformity with Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations read with Section 149 of
the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’).
The Board of Directors as on 31st March, 2024, comprised five Directors, out of which one is
Managing Director, one is Non-Executive Director, one is Executive Director and two are Non-
Executive, Independent directors. The Chairman of the Company is Managing Director. All the
Directors have certified that they are not members of more than ten Committees and do not act as
Chairman of more than 5 (Five) Committees across all the Companies in which they are Directors.
The Company’s Board comprises eminent professionals having sound knowledge, and relevant
expertise and experience, in the areas of finance, legal, advertising, sales, marketing, technology,
human resources, and general business management.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 64VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED63
Concerns
A confluence of factors on the global and local fronts, such as geo-political equations between
countries, the usage of tariff and non-tariff barriers to address trade imbalances, volatility in crude
oil, commodity prices, and ocean freight, could impact consumer confi dence. The Company will
continue to closely monitor the macro and micro level trends in the global and Indian economy,
and will take necessary steps to address these challenges.
Opportunity
The Company’s proven ability to innovate and offer products/solutions in line with the evolving
dynamics continues to provide the Company with opportunities to grow even under the current
challenging circumstances. These are opportunities related to the Company’s products, projects
and service businesses for varied sectors.
Human Resources
The Company remains committed to the resilience and well-being of its people, in the face of the
adversities brought about by the changed environment due to the Pandemic. Virtuoso
Optoelectronics Limited focused on creating a safe, conducive environment for change
management and business continuity in this turbulent period of external circumstances. Employee
well-being was a continual objective, implemented in a holistic manner, including the physical,
mental and emotional ambit. 
A Growth mindset is a continued, priority agenda for the Company and its people, and weaved into
its hiring and people development strategy. Based on the Voice of its Employees (VoE), the
Company continued in its endeavor towards embarking on enhanced employee-friendly initiatives
and practices. Hybrid work culture, flexibility of work schedules, work-life balance and avenues to
de-stress assumed center stage. Re-skilling of its human capital with the aid of contemporary
technology platforms gained momentum and has been well received, based on employee
feedback. The talent management direction was aligned towards exploring cross-functional
opportunities, fulfi lling job rotations matching employee skill sets and career development avenues
for high potential staff. In instances where internal talent was insufficient for certain crucial profiles
at senior levels, it was developed inorganically by sourcing the subject matter experts from the
industry. 
[[PAGE 51]]
Dates and Attendance of all
Director at Board Meeting
Name of Directors and attendance at the Meetings
Sukrit
Bharati
Vishrut
Bharati
Abhinav
Mahajan
Komal
Kotecha Ziral Soni Drashti
Solanki
29.05.2023 Yes Yes No Yes Yes No
30.06.2023 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
02.07.2023 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
14.08.2023 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
01.09.2023 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
07.09.2023 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
10.11.2023 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
15.11.2023 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
01.12.2023 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
08.12.2023 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
11.01.2024 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
28.01.2024 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
02.02.2024 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
27.02.2024 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
01.03.2024 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
02.03.2024 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
Total No. of Board Meetings
attended 16 16 15 1 16 15
Attendance at the last AGM held
on 29th Sept, 2023 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
Attendance at the last EGM held
on 03rd Feb, 2024 Yes Yes Yes NA Yes Yes
Board Meetings and Procedure:
The internal guidelines for Board/Committee meetings facilitate the decision-making process at the
meetings of the Board/Committees in an informed and efficient manner.
Board Meetings are governed by structured agenda. All major agenda items are backed by
comprehensive background information to enable the Board to take informed decisions. The
Company Secretary in consultation with the Senior Management prepares the detailed agenda for
the meetings.
Agenda papers and Notes on Agenda are circulated to the Directors, in advance, in the defined
Agenda format. All material information is being circulated along with Agenda papers for
facilitating meaningful and focused discussions at the meeting. Where it is not practicable to attach
any document to the agenda, the same is tabled before the meeting with specific reference to this
effect in the agenda. In special and exceptional circumstances, additional or supplementary item(s)
on the agenda are permitted. In order to transact some urgent business, which may come up after
circulation agenda papers, the same is placed before the Board by way of Table Agenda or
Chairman’s Agenda. Frequent and detailed deliberation on the agenda provides the strategicroad-
map for the future growth of the Company.
Minimum four Board meetings are held every year. Apart from the above, additional Board
meetings are convened by giving appropriate notice to address the specific needs of the Company.
The meetings are usually held at the Company’s Registered Office at Plot No. 7, MIDC, Satpur,
422007.
The required information as enumerated in Part A of Schedule II to SEBI Listing Regulations is made
available to the Board of Directors for discussions and consideration at every Board Meetings. The
Board periodically reviews compliance reports of all laws applicable to the Company as required
under Regulation 17(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
The important decisions taken at the Board/Committee meetings are communicated to
departments concerned promptly. Action taken report on the decisions taken at the meeting(s) is
placed at the immediately succeeding meeting of the Board/Committee for noting by the
Board/Committee. 
During the Financial Year 2023-24, the Board of Directors of your Company met Sixteen times The
details of attendance of each Director at Board Meetings held in the Financial Year and the last
During the year, the Board of Directors accepted all recommendations of the Committees of the
Board, which were statutory in nature and required to be recommended by the Committee and
approved by the Board of Directors. Hence, the Company is in compliance of condition of clause
10(j) of Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
It is confirmed that in the opinion of the board, the independent directors fulfill the conditions
specified in these regulations and are independent of the management.
Confirmation on independence of Independent Directors
Annual General Meeting are as under:
Your Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for Board Members & Senior Management
Personnel and the declaration from the Managing Director, stating that all the Directors and the
Senior Management Personnel of your Company have affirmed compliance with the Code of
Conduct has been included in this Report. The Code has been posted on your Company’s
website at www.voepl.com.
Code of Conduct for Board & Senior Management Personnel
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 66VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED65
The Composition of Board of Directors as on 31st March, 2024 is as follows:
Name of Director Category Total No. of Other
Directorship
Details of
Committees*
Chairman Member
Mr. Sukrit Bharati Managing Director 2 0 2
Mr. Vishrut Bharati Non-Executive Director 2 0 0
Mrs. Ziral Soni Independent Director 6 2 5
Mrs.Drashti Solanki Independent Director 7 2 1
Mr. Abhinav Executive Director 3 0 1
#Includes only Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of other Companies.
[[PAGE 52]]
The brief profile and other information of the director’s seeking appointment/re-appointment is
provided in the notice convening the Annual General Meeting.
Profile of Directors seeking appointment / re-appointment:
During the year under review and there after till date, 
Detailed reasons for the resignation of an Independent Director.
1. Mrs. Komal Kotecha, resigned from the Directorship of the Company with effect from May 29,
2023, due to re-location.
The Company has also obtained their confirmation that there are no other material reasons other
than those provided.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 68VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED67
Performance Evaluation
The Board has carried out an annual evaluation of its own performance and that of its committees,
Chairman and individual directors. The criteria for performance evaluation of the Board included
aspects like Board composition and quality, Board meeting and procedure, information and
functioning, strategic plans and policies etc. The criteria for performance evaluation of committees
of the Board included aspects like composition of committees, functions and duties, committee
meeting and procedures, management relation etc. The criteria for performance evaluation of the
Chairman included his role, managing relationship and leadership. The criteria for performance
evaluation of individual directors included participation and contribution in the Board/Committee
meetings, managing relationship, knowledge & skills etc. The performance evaluation of the Board
and the individual directors was evaluated by the Board seeking inputs from all the Directors. The
performance of the committees was evaluated by the Board seeking inputs from the committee
members.
The performance of non-independent directors was reviewed in the separate meeting of
Independent Directors. During the year, a meeting of Independent Directors was held on February
05, 2024 to review the performance of the Board as a whole on parameters of effectiveness and to
assess the quality, quantity and timeliness of the flow of information between the management
and the Board. Mrs. Ziral Soni, Chairman of the Meeting presented the views of the Independent
Directors on matter relating to Board processes and overall affairs of the Company to the full Board.
All the two 
Familiarization programs for Independent Directors
The Board familiarization program comprises of the following: -
Induction program for new Independent Directors; 
Presentation on business and functional issues; 
Updating of business, branding, corporate governance, regulatory developments and investor
relations matters.
All new Independent Directors are taken through a detailed induction and familiarization program
when they join the Board of your Company. The induction program is an exhaustive one that covers
the history and culture of your company, background of the Company and its growth over the
decades, various milestones in the Company’s existence since its incorporation, the present
structure and an overview of the businesses and functions.
Independent Directors are familiarized with their roles, rights and responsibilities in the Company
as well as with the nature of industry and business model of the Company by providing various
presentations at Board/ Committee meetings from time to time. These presentations provide a
good understanding of the business to the Independent Directors which covers various functions
of the Company and also an opportunity for the Board to interact with the next level of
management. There are opportunities for Independent Directors to interact amongst themselves.
Apart from the above, the Directors are also given an update on the environmental and social
impact of the business, branding, corporate governance, regulatory developments and investor
relations matters.
Disclosure of relationships between Directors inter-se
Following relationships exist between Executive and Non-Executive Directors:
None of the Independent Directors are related to each other or with any other executive directors.
Code Of Conduct
Company had published a comprehensive code of conduct for its Board members, employees of
the company and business partners that requires strict adherence to its corporate values while
delivering a world-class customer experience.
All the members of the Board and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with
the code of conduct as on March 31, 2024.
The Company’s Code of Conduct is available on the website of the Company under the weblink
at: https://www.voepl.com/investors .
Executive Director Non-executive director Relationship
Sukrit Bharati Vishrut Bharati Brother
Board Committees
During the Financial Year under review, the Board had following Committee – 
a) Audit Committee 
b) Stakeholders Relationship Committee 
c) Nomination and Remuneration Committee
The Board decides the term of reference of these committees and assignment of its Members
thereof.
A) Audit Committee
Composition, meetings and attendance
The Audit Committee of your Company has been constituted as per the requirements of Section
177 of the Companies Act 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations. The Chairman of the Audit
Committee is an Independent Director and two-thirds of the members of the Audit Committee
are Independent Directors. During the Financial Year 2023-24, the Committee met Five times on
29.05.2023, 01.09.2023, 07.09.2023, 20.11.2023 and 11.01.2024.
The composition of the Audit Committee as on March 31, 2024 and the attendance of the
members in the meetings held during the Financial Year 2023-24 are as follows:
[[PAGE 53]]
Name of Member Designation No. of meetings attended 
Ms. Drashti Solanki Chairman 5
Ms. Ziral Soni Member 6
Mr. Sukrit Bharati Member 6
The Company Secretary of the Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
Terms of Reference:
The broad terms of reference of the Audit Committee include the following as has been
mandated in Section 177 of Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations:
1. Oversight of the Company's financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial
information to ensure that the financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible.
2. Recommending to the Board, the appointment, re-appointment and, if required, the
replacement or removal of the statutory auditor and the fixation of audit fees. 
3. Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory
auditors.
4. ·Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial statements before submission to the
board for approval, with particular reference to:
i. Matters required to be included in the Director's Responsibility Statement to be included in the
Board's report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3 of section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013; 
ii. Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same; 
iii. Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgment by
management; 
iv. Significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings; 
v. Compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements; 
vi. Disclosure of any related party transactions; vii. Qualifications in the draft audit report.
5. Reviewing, with the management, the half yearly financial statements before submission to the
board for approval.
6. Reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses / application of funds raised through
an issue (public issue, right issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for
purposes other than those stated in the offer document/Draft Prospectus/ Prospectus /notice and
the report submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring the utilization of proceeds of a public
or rights issue, and making appropriate recommendations to the Board to take up steps in this
matter.
7. Review and monitor the auditor’s independence, performance and effectiveness of audit
process. 
8. Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the Company with related parties; 
9. Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments; 
10. Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary; 
11. Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems; 
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 70VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED69
 12. Reviewing, with the management, performance of statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of
the internal control systems 
13. Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including the structure of the internal
audit department, staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting
structure coverage and frequency of internal audit.
14. Discussion with internal auditors any significant findings and follow up there on. 
15. Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters
where there is suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material
nature and reporting the matter to the board.
16. Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of
audit as well as post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern. 
17. To look into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to the depositors, debenture
holders, shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors. 
18. To oversee and review the functioning of the vigil mechanism which shall provide for adequate
safeguards against victimization of employees and Directors who avail of the vigil mechanism and
also provide for direct access to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee in appropriate and
exceptional cases. 
19. Call for comments of the auditors about internal control systems, scope of audit including the
observations of the auditor and review of the financial statements before submission to the Board; 
20. Approval of appointment of CFO (i.e., the whole-time Finance Director or any other person
heading the finance function or discharging that function) after assessing the qualifications,
experience & background, etc. of the candidate. 21. To investigate any other matters referred to by
the Board of Directors; 
22. Consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits and impact of schemes involving merger,
demerger, amalgamation etc., on the listed entity and its shareholders. 
23. ·Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the Audit
Committee and/or is mandated by the Board from time to time and/or enforced by any statutory
notification, amendment or modification, as may be applicable. 
The Audit Committee shall mandatorily review the following information:
a. Management discussion and analysis of financial information and results of operations; 
b. Statement of significant related party transactions (as defined by the Audit Committee),
submitted by the management; 
c. Management letters / letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors; 
d. Internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses; and 
e. The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the chief internal auditor shall be
subject to review by the Audit Committee.
B) Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Composition, meetings and attendance
The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of your Company has been constituted as per the
requirements of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations. The
Chairman of the Committee is an Independent Director. During the Financial Year 2023-24, the
Committee met 3 (Three) times on 17.07.2023, 10.09.2023 and 12.01.2024.
The composition of the Stakeholder’s Relationship Committee as on March 31, 2024 and the
attendance of the members in the meetings held during the Financial Year 2023-24 are as follows:
[[PAGE 54]]
Name of Member Designation No. of meetings attended 
Mr. Ziral Soni Chairperson 3
Mr. Sukrit Bharati Member 3
Ms. Drashti Solanki Member 3
The Company Secretary of the Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
The terms of reference of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee includes the matters specified
under Regulation 20 of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 as well as Section 178 of the Companies Act,
2013.
Terms of Reference
The Committee looks into investor complaints if any and redresses the same expeditiously. Besides,
the committee approves allotment, transfer & transmission of shares, debentures, any new
certificates on split \ consolidation \ renewal etc. as may be referred to it by the Board of Directors.
In addition, the committee also looks into compliance with stock exchange Listing Regulations and
circulation of shareholder and general public interest information through proper media and stock
exchanges from time to time. This Committee looks into all aspects related to Shares, Bonds
Securities and retail investors. The committee also looks after the dematerialization process of
equity shares. 
Other function roles duties powers etc. have been clearly defined in line with the Regulation 20 of
the Listing Regulations and kept flexible for medication by the Board from time to time.
C) Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Composition
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of your Company has been constituted as per the
requirements of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations. The
Chairman of the Committee is an Independent Director.
During the Financial Year 2023-24, the Committee met 4 (Four) times on 29.05.2023, 14.08.2023,
07.09.2023, and 28.01.2024.
The composition of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee as on March 31, 2024 and the
attendance of the members in the meetings held during the Financial Year 2023-24 are as follows:
Name of Member Designation No. of meetings attended 
Ms. Drashti Solanki Chairman 4
Mr. Vishrut Bharati Member 4
Mrs. Ziral Soni Member 4
The Company Secretary of the Company has acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
Terms of Reference:
The terms of reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee includes the matters
specified under Regulation 19 of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 as well as Section 178 of the
Companies Act, 2013.
Role of committee shall, inter-alia, include the following:
formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and
independence of a Director and recommend to the Board of Directors a policy relating to, the
remuneration of the Directors, key managerial personnel and other employees;
formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of independent Directors and the Board
of Directors;
devising a policy on diversity of Board of Directors;• devising a policy on diversity of Board of
Directors;
identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in
senior management in accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board
of Directors their appointment and removal.
whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the Independent Directors, on the
basis of the report of performance evaluation of Independent Directors.
carry out any other function as is mandated by the Board from time to time and / or enforced
by any statutory notification, amendment or modification, as may be applicable.
perform such other functions as may be necessary or appropriate for the performance of its
duties.
Remuneration Policy:
The remuneration policy of the Company is directed towards rewarding performance, based on
review of achievements on a periodic basis. The Company endeavors to attract, retain, develop
and motivate the high-caliber executives and to incentivize them to develop and implement the
Companies Strategy, thereby enhancing the business value and maintain a high-performance
workforce. The policy ensures that the level and composition of remuneration of the Directors is
optimum.
The Remuneration policy is also placed on the website of the Company can be accessed at
www.voepl.in
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 72VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED71
Remuneration to Directors 
There were no pecuniary relationship or transactions of the non-executive director’s vis a vis the
Company. Non-Executive Independent Directors are paid sitting fees for attending the Board and
Committee Meetings.
Role of Non-Executive/Independent Directors of the Company is not just restricted to corporate
governance or outlook of the Company, but they also bring with them significant professional
expertise and rich experience across the wide spectrum of functional areas. The Company seeks
their expert advice on various matters from time to time. Hence, the compensation to the non-
executive/independent directors is recommended.
[[PAGE 55]]
Name of Director Salary & Perquisites Sitting Fees Commission Total
Mr. Sukrit Bharati (Managing
Director) 36.00 - - 36.00
Mr. Vishrut Bharati (Non-
Executive Director) - - - -
Mr. Abhinav (Executive
Director) - - - -
Mr. Komal Kotecha
(Independent Director) - 0.315 - 0.315
Mr. Ziral Soni (Independent
Director) - 0.7 - 0.7
Ms. Drashti Solanki
(Independent Director) - 0.585 - 0.585
Details of remuneration and sitting fees paid or provided to all the directors during the year ended
March 31, 2024 are as under:
The Company pays remuneration by way of salary, perquisites and allowances (fixed component),
incentive remuneration and/or commission (variable components) to its Executive Directors within
the limits prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and approved by the shareholders.
There is no separate provision for payment of severance fees under the resolutions governing the
appointment of Chairman and Managing Director.
The Company has granted stock options to the Employees of the Company as on 31st March, 2024.   
The aforesaid Executive Director, so long as they function as such shall not be entitled to any sitting
fees for attending any meetings of Board or Committees thereof.
The Shareholding of Directors as on March 31, 2024 is as under:
*Mrs. Komal Kotecha (DIN: 09141355), Independent Director of the Company has resigned from her
position w.e.f. May 29, 2023.
Note : Ms. Drashti Laxmikant Solanki (DIN: 10136197), appointed as an Independent Director of the
Company w.e.f. May 29, 2023.
Sr. No Name of Director Shareholding Percentage
1 Mr. Sukrit Bharati 14,657,059 55.65%
2 Mr. Vishrut Bharati 2,43,333 0.92%
3 Mr. Abhinav Nil -
4 Mrs. Ziral Soni Nil -
5 Mrs. Komal Kotecha* Nil -
6 Ms. Drashti Solanki Nil -
(₹ In lakhs)
D) CSR Committee of the Board: 
The composition of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee as on March 31, 2024 and the
attendance of the members in the meetings held during the Financial Year 2023-24 are as follows:
General Body Meetings
Details of Annual General Meetings held during the last three financial years  –
During the previous year under review, resolutions were proposed and passed through Postal
ballot. Migration of SME plateform of BSE to Main Board of BSE Limited required approval
through postal ballot as per the provisions of the Companies Act and rules framed there under.
Details of special resolutions passed in Previous Three AGMs.
Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held during the FY 2023-24:
Details of Extra-Ordinary General Meetings were held during the financial year 2023-24. 
The resolution proposed by the Directors to shareholders in last three years were approved by
shareholders with requisite majority.
Voting results of the previous AGM is available on the website of the Company at
https://www.voepl.com/investors
Financial Year Date of AGM Time Venue
2022-23 29.09.2023 11.00 am Plot No. 7, MIDC, Satpur, Nashik, 422007
2021-22 01.09.2022 11.00 am Plot No. 7, MIDC, Satpur, Nashik, 422007
2020-21 03.06.2021 11.00 am Plot No. 7, MIDC, Satpur, Nashik, 422007
Name of Member Designation No. of meetings attended
Ms. Drashti Solanki Chairman 2
Mr. Vishrut Bharati Member 2
Mr. Sukrit Bharati Member 2
Financial Year Particulars of Special Resolution Passed 
2022-23 To appoint Ms. Drashti Laxmikant Solanki (DIN: 10136197) as an Independent Director and in this regard, to
consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
2021-22
1. Increase Borrowing Power of the Board of Directors under Section 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013. 2.
Creation of Charge on the movable and immovable properties of the Company, both present and future, in
respect of borrowings. 3. Increase the limit for making investments/extending loans and giving guarantees or
providing securities in connection with loans to Person/bodies Corporate.
2020-21 Nil
FINANCIAL YEAR DATE OF AGM TIME VENUE
2023-24 03.02.2024 12.00 PM Plot No. 7, MIDC, Satpur, Nashik, 422007
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 74VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED73
[[PAGE 56]]
Whether special resolutions were put through postal ballot last year, details of voting pattern:
MIGRATION OF EQUITY SHARES OF THE COMPANY FROM BSE SME (SME PLATFORM OF BSE) TO
THE MAIN BOARD OF BSE. 
Scrutiniser for postal ballot:
Whether any resolutions are proposed to be conducted through postal ballot:
Procedure for postal ballot:
Means of communication
Result of voting through Postal Ballot by remote e-voting was as follows: 
The Board had appointed M/s Vishal Thawani & Associates, Practicing Company Secretary
(Membership Number ACS: 43938 COP: 17377) as the scrutiniser for conducting the postal ballot (e-
voting process) in a fair and transparent manner.
There is no immediate proposal for passing any resolution through postal ballot. None of the
businesses proposed to be transacted at the ensuing AGM require passing of a resolution through
postal ballot.
Prescribed procedure for postal ballot as per the provisions contained in this behalf in the Act read
with rules made there under as amended from time to time shall be complied with, whenever
necessary.
All Half-year / Annual financial results are immediately sent to stock exchanges after being
taken on record by the Board.
The Company’s website www.voepl.com contains a separate dedicated section named
“Investors” where information for shareholders is available.
Category Promoter and
Promoter Group Public Institutions Public Non-
Institutions Total
No. of shares held 1,49,82,236 4,08,500 1,09,48,020 2,63,38,756
No. of Votes – in favour 1,49,82,236 0 7,73,640 1,57,55,876
% of Votes in favour on
votes polled 100 0 100 100
No. of Votes –Against 0 0 0 0
% of Votes against on
votes polled 0 0 0 0
6. Other Disclosures
A. Related Party Transactions
All transactions entered into with Related party as defined under the Companies act, 2013 and
Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 during the financial year were in the ordinary
course of business and on an arm’s length pricing basis and do not attract the provisions of Section
188 of the Companies Act, 2013. There were no materially significant transactions with related party
during the financial year which conflicted with the interests of the Company at large.
Suitable disclosure as required by the AS 18 has been made in the notes to the Financial
Statement. A policy on related party transactions has been formulated and put up on the website
of the Company.
B. Statutory Compliances, Penalties and Strictures
The Company has complied with all the requirements of the Stock Exchange/SEBI/any statutory
authorities on all matters related under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015.
C. Whistle Blower Policy / Vigil Mechanism
The Company has established a Whistle Blower / Vigil Mechanism through which its Directors,
Employees and Stakeholders can report their genuine concerns about unethical behaviors, actual
or suspected frauds or violation of the Company’s code of conduct or ethics policy. The said policy
provides for adequate safeguard against victimization and also direct access to the higher level of
supervisors.
D. Details of compliance with mandatory requirements and adoption of non-mandatory
requirements
The Company has complied with all mandatory requirements and has not adopted non-
mandatory requirements.
E. Policies of the Company and Code of Conduct
Various policies and code of conduct of the Company are available on its website. With a view to
regulate trading in securities by the directors and designated employees, the Company has
adopted a Code of Conduct for Prohibition of Insider Trading. 
F. The Company has obtained certificate from CS Vishal Thawani, Practicing Company Secretary
confirming that none of the Directors of the Company is debarred or disqualified by the
Securities and Exchange Board of India/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such authority from
being appointed or continuing as Director of the Company and the same is also attached to this
Report. 
G. Disclosure Under Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition &
Redressal) Act, 2013
The Company is committed to provide a safe and conducive work environment to its employees.
Your directors further state that during the year under review, there were no cases filed pursuant
to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act,
2013.
H. Risk Management
Risk Management is a key aspect of the “Corporate Governance Principles and Code of Conduct”
which aims to improvise the governance practices across the Company’s activities. Risk
management policy and processes enables the Company to proactively manage uncertainty and
changes in the internal and external environment to limit negative impacts and capitalize on
opportunities.
The Company in its meeting of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, review its
business operations, discuss the risk associated with and prepare the strategy and plans to
mitigate those risks. The Senior Management provides the information regarding business
operation and risk associated with it monthly. The Board of Directors & Audit Committee is
looking after the Risk Management of the Company.
I. Disclosure of Accounting Treatments
The Company has not adopted any alternative accounting treatment prescribed differently from
the accounting standards.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 76VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED75
[[PAGE 57]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 78VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED77
Month Low High
September 2023 119 331
October 2023 217 270
November 2023 243.35 307.5
December 2023 225 269.95
January 2024 229.9 339
February 2024 229.85 280
March 2024 182 256
h.Distribution of Shareholding as on 31st March, 2024:
Sr. No Category of Shareholders No. of shares held
1 Promoters, Directors, Relatives and Associates. 1,49,82,236
2 Indian Public 1,13,56,520
3 Banks, Financial Institutions & Insurance Companies/ MF 3,26,000
4 NRI’s / Overseas Body Corporate 2,26,000
5 Non-Institution 85,41,583
5 Bodies Corporate 18,15,716
6 NBFC Registered with RBI -
7 Trusts 1,00,000
8 Clearing Members (NSDL+CDSL) 2,938
9 Any Other (HUF) 2,65,261
Total 2,63,38,756
J. Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit Report
As stipulated by Securities and Exchange Board of India, Company is required to carry out
Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit (RSCA) from a practicing Company Secretary. This audit is
carried out every quarter and the report thereon of Practicing Company Secretary is submitted to
the stock exchanges. The audit, inter alia, confirms that the total listed and paid-up capital of the
Company agrees with the aggregate of the total number of shares in dematerialized form (held
with NSDL and CDSL) and total number of shares in physical form.
General Shareholder Information
a. 9th Annual General Meeting
Date: Wednesday , September 11, 2024
Time: 11.00 p.m.
Venue: Through Video Conferencing/Other Audio-Visual Means
b. Financial Year (2023-24)
For accounting and financial reporting purpose, Company follows Financial Year which starts from
1st April each year and ends on 31st March of every succeeding year.
The Half-Yearly Financial Results for the financial year 2023-24 will be taken on record by the Board
of Directors as per the following tentative schedule (subject to change, if any):
Half-year ending September 30th 2024 : October / November 2024
Half-year ending March 31, 2025 : April / Mar 2025
c. Listing on Stock exchange
The company’s Equity shares are listed on BSE Limited (SME Platform) on September 15, 2022. The
Company has paid the Annual Listing Fee to the Stock Exchanges.
d. Stock Code
Demat ISIN No. in NSDL and CDSL: INE0I0T01010
Scrip Code: BSE-543597
e. Market Price Data
f. Registrar and Share Transfer Agent
Name :  Cameo Corporate Services Limited
Address : Subramanian Building No. 1, Club House Road, 
Chennai-600002.
Phone :  44-28460390
Fax :44-40020700 
Email : investor@cameoindia.com
g. Share Transfer System
e. Market Price Data
All transfers of shares held in physical form are dealt by our Registrar and Share Transfer Agents. The
transfers which are complete in all respects are taken up for approval at least once in a fortnight and
the transferred securities dispatched to the transferee within 21 days. Depositories control share
transfers in Demat Mode. The Company obtains from a Company Secretary in Practice half yearly
certificate of compliance in respect of compliance with share transfer formalities as required under
Regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations with Stock Exchanges and files a copy of the certificate with
the stock exchanges.
[[PAGE 58]]
Category (Amount) No. of Shareholders % of Shareholders Total Shares Amount % of
Amount
1 – 5000 1,173 39.126 5,82,527 58,25,270 2.2116
5001 - 10000 776 25.8839 7,71,431 77,14,310 2.9288
10001 - 20000 552 18.4122 10,19,426 1,01,94,260 3.8704
20001 - 30000 135 4.503 3,72,495 37,24,950 1.4142
30001 - 40000 96 3.2021 3,73,696 37,36,960 1.4188
40001 - 50000 50 1.6677 2,40,045 24,00,450 0.9113
50001 - 100000 103 3.4356 7,75,033 77,50,330 2.9425
100001 - And above 113 4 2,22,04,103 22,20,41,030 84.302
Total: 2,998 100 2,63,38,756 26,33,87,560 100
i. Category wise Shareholding as on 31st March, 2024
66%
27%
5%1%
1% Promoters, Directors, Relatives and
Associates.
Indian Public
NRI's / Overseas Body Corporate
Bodies Corporate
Clearing Members (NSDL+CDSL)
Any Other (HUF)
Shareholding Pattern as on 31st March, 2023
Sr NO Description Number of Shares % Holding
1 NSDL 1,95,18,086 74.1
2 CDSL 33,20,570 12.61
3 PHYSICAL(Allotted and unlisted) 35,00,100* 13.29
Total 2,63,38,756 100
j. Dematerialization of Shares & Liquidity
On March 31st, 2024, no shares of Company were held in physical form. The Promoters &
Promoters-group shareholding was fully dematerialized. All the shares allotted under preferential
issue are yet to be dematerialized, awaiting listing approval from BSE Limited. Brief position of
Company’s dematerialized shares is given below:
k. Outstanding GDRs / ADRs / Warrants or any Convertible instruments, conversion date and
likely impact on equity
As on March 31, 2024, the Company did not have any outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any
Convertible instruments.
l. Credit Rating
Your Company has received Credit Rating of BB+ for Company’s banking facilities from ICRA Limited.
m. Policy on “Material” Subsidiary
The Company has Board approved policy on determining Material Subsidiary which can be accessed
on the website of the Company www.voepl.com.
*Shares of 35,00,100 as per above is preferential issue of equity shares during the year for which
our company has applied to BSE Limited for Listing Approval which is Pending for approval.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 80VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED79
n. List of core skills / expertise /competencies identified in the context of the business
The Board continues to identify an appropriate mix of diversity and skills for introducing different
perspectives into Board for better anticipating the risks and opportunities in building a long-term
sustainable business.
The below table summarizes the key qualifications, skills and attributes which are taken into
consideration while nominating to serve on the Board.
Business Strategies Experience of crafting Successful Business Strategies an understanding the changing
regulatory requirements
Financial & Accounting
Expertise
Proficiency in financial accounting and reporting, corporate finance and internal controls, corporate funding
and associated risks
Governance, Risk and
Compliance
Knowledge and experience of best practices in governance structures, policies and processes including
establishing risk and legal compliance frameworks, identifying and monitoring key risks.
Innovative A strong understanding of innovation and technology, and the development and implementation of initiatives
to enhance production
Diversity Representation of gender, cultural or other such diversity that expand the Board’s understanding and
perspective
Directors
Area of Skill/Expertise
Business
Strategies
Finance & Accounting
Expertise
Governance, Risk &
Compliance Innovative Diversity
Sukrit Bharati
Vishrut Bharati
Ziral Soni
Komal Kotecha*
Drashti Solanki**
Abhinav Mahajan^
The below table specifies area of focus or expertise of individual Board Member:
-
-
- -
-
-
-
-
-
- -
- -
-
[[PAGE 59]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 82VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED81
The performance of the Chairman and the Board of Directors is evaluated on parameters such as
level of engagement and contribution, ability to encourage, relationships with Board members and
guidance in case of complex issues.
1 Mrs. Komal Kotecha (DIN: 09141355) resigned from her position w.e.f. 29.05.2023.
2 Ms. Drashti Solanki (DIN: 10136197) was appointed as an Additional (Independent) director w.e.f.
29.05.2023.
3 Mr. Abhinav (DIN: 06926238) was appointed as an Additional (Executive) director w.e.f. 29.05.2023.
The outcome of the evaluation was presented to the Board along with the course of actions
proposed to be taken up for implementing the above observations. 
o. Dividend:
In view of the planned business growth, your directors deem it proper to preserve the resources of
the Company for its activities and therefore, do not propose any dividend for the Financial Year
ended March 31, 2024.
p. Address for Correspondence
In case any problem or query shareholders can contact at:
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Plot No. 7, MIDC, Satpur, Nashik 422007. 
Phone  : +91 253-2350461
Email    : cs@voepl.com
In case of finance and accounts related queries contact at:
Chief financial Officer
Plot No. 7, MIDC, Satpur, Nashik 422007. 
Phone  : +91 253-2350461
Email    : sajid.shaikh@voepl.com
Shareholders may also Contact Company’s Registrar & Share Transfer Agent at:
Cameo Corporate Services Limited.
Subramanian Building No. 1, Club House Road, Chennai-600 002.
Phone: 91-28460390
Fax: 91-40020700
Email    : investor@cameoindia.com
7. Plant Locations :
Unit 1 at 64-B-1 MIDC Area Satpur Nashik 422007, 
Unit 2 at 602/2, Near Ozar Airport, Janori, Tal Dindori, Dist- Nashik 422206. 
Unit 3 at 206/A, 206/B, Ambe Hills, At post Jaulke, Tal- Dindori Nashik 422207, 
Unit 4 at 7, MIDC Trimbak Road Nashik 422007, 
Unit 5 at 97/2, Shed No 1,2, and 3, Mumbai Agra Road, Vilholi, Nashik-422010, 
Unit 6 at 182/B-1, Wadivarhe, Nashik Mumbai Agra Highway, Tal-Igatpuri, Dist Nashik 422403 and 
Unit 7 at Gat No. 38,39 & 40, Janori-Mohadi Road, Village- Mohadi, Tal Dindori, Dist Nashik 422206,
together termed as Manufacturing Units
[[PAGE 60]]
CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE OF CONDUCT POLICY
[Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V (Part D) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015]
In accordance with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby confirm that, all
the Directors and the Senior Management personnel of the Company have confirmed compliance with their respective
Codes of Conduct, as applicable to them, for the financial year ended March 31, 2024.
For Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
Sukrit Bharati                           
Managing Director                           
DIN: 03638084           
Vishrut Bharati
Director                           
DIN: 06818457
Date: June 21, 2024
Place: Nashik
Sukrit Bharati
Managing Director
DIN: 03638084
Sajid Shaikh 
Chief Financial Officer
Date: June 21, 2024
MD / CFO Certification
In compliance with Regulation 17(8) read with Schedule II Part B of the SEBI (Listing Obligation
and Disclosure Requirement) Regulation, 2015, we hereby certify that:
(Under regulation 17(8) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015)
To,
The Board of Directors,
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
A. We have reviewed the audited Financial Results for Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited for the
year ended 31st March, 2024 and to the best of our knowledge and belief:
(1) these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact
or contain statements that might be misleading;
(2) these statements together present a true and fair view of the listed entity's affairs and are in
compliance with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
B. There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transaction entered by the listed entity
during the year ended 31stMarch, 2024 which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the listed
entity's code of conduct.
C. We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial
reporting and we have evaluated the effectiveness of Company's internal control system of the
listed entity pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the auditors and the audit
committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we
are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies
D. We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:
(i) that there are no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the half
year and year ended;
(ii) that there are no significant changes in accounting policies during the half year and year ended;
and hence there are no disclosures to be made regarding the same in the notes to the financial
results;
(iii) that there are no instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the
involvement therein, if any, of the management or an employee having a significant role in the
listed entity's internal control system over financial reporting.
Certificate On Non-disqualification Of Directors
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the
Directors of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (CIN: L74999MH2015PLC268355) and having
registered office at P NO. 7 MIDC Satpur, Nashik, Maharashtra – 422007 (hereinafter referred to as
“the Company”), produced before me by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in
accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para C Sub Clause 10 (i) of the Securities
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. In
my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verifications (including
Directors Identification Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered
necessary and explanations furnished to me by the Company and its officers, I hereby certify that
none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial year ending
on 31st March, 2024 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as
Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate
Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the
responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion on
these based on my verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of
the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted
the affairs of the company.
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10) (i) of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To,
The Members of
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
Sr. No. Name of Director DIN Date of Appointment in
Company
1. Sukrit Bharati 03638084 11/09/2015
2. Vishrut Bharati Arvind 06818457 11/09/2015
3. Abhinav 06926238 29/05/2023
4. Ziral Soni 09213763 31/01/2023
5. Drashti Laxmikant Solanki 10136197 29/05/2023
For Vishal Thawani& Associates
Practicing Company Secretaries
CS Vishal Thawani
Proprietor
ACS: 43938,
COP: 17377
Place: Ahmedabad
Date: June 21, 2024
UDIN: A043938F000602980
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 84VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED83
[[PAGE 61]]
The Key Audit Matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
1. Revenue Recognition from Sales
Revenue is measured net of returns, discounts andrate difference on
the Company’s sales.   
Revenue is recognized when the control of the underlying products
has been transferred to the customer. There is a risk of revenue
being overstated due to fraud resulting from the pressure on
management to achieve performance targets at the reporting
period end.
Our audit procedures included the following: · Assessing the
appropriateness of the revenue recognition accounting policies,
including those relating to sales returns, discounts and rate
difference. 
Performing substantive testing (including year- end cutoff
testing) by selecting samples of revenue transactions recorded
during the year by verifying the underlying documents, which
included sales invoices/ e-invoice, etc. 
For sample customers, obtained and assessed the arrangements
with the Company and impact on revenue recognition including
their payment terms and right to returns. · For sample customer
balances, obtained direct confirmationand tested the
reconciliations, if any.
2. Revenue Recognition from Government Grants
As per AS 12 “Accounting for Government Grant”, Government grants
available to the enterprise are considered for inclusion in accounts:
(i) where there is reasonable assurance that the enterprise will
comply with the conditions attached to them; and (ii) where such
benefits have been earned by the enterprise and it is reasonably
certain that the ultimate collection will be made.
Our audit procedures included: · We evaluated the recognition
and measurement principles of sanctioning grants under the PLI
Scheme and State Electronics Policy, ensuring compliance with
accounting standards. This included assessing revenue
recognition conditions and the proper allocation of incentives
over the performance period. 
We verified the company's compliance with PLI scheme
eligibility criteria and performance obligations, ensuring
documentation supported eligibility and annual cap of
incentives. ·
We assessed the adequacy of disclosure regarding PLI and IPS
incentives in the financial statements and compliance with
reporting requirements outlined by regulatory authorities.
3. Inventory Valuation
Inventories are held at the lower of landed cost and net realizable
value (NRV).   Due to high volume and nature of products, the
company is dealing with and the absence of adequate records,
valuation of inventory may be misstated.   Also NRV is being based
on the assumptions/judgment of the management. Inappropriate
assumptions of NRV can impact the assessment of the carrying
value of inventories.
Our audit procedures included: · Assessing the appropriateness
of the inventory valuation method followed by the management
and by comparing with applicable AS. 
Performing substantive testing (including year – end cut off
testing) by selecting samples of inward and outward movement
of inventory during the year by verifying the underlying
documents, which included sales invoices / purchase invoice and
bill of entry. 
Evaluating the design and implementation of the Company’s
internal controls over the Landed Cost of Inventory and Net
Realizable Value (NRV) assessment. · Considered the valuation
certificate provided by the management and stock statements
submitted to the banks.
Independent Auditor’s Report
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
To,
The Members of
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
(hereinafter referred to as the “Holding Company”) and its subsidiary (Holding Company and its
subsidiary together referred to as “the Group”) which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as
at March 31, 2024, the consolidated statement of profit and loss, and the consolidated statement
of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements,
including significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred
to as “the consolidated financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us,
the aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the information required by the Companies
Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the
accounting standards and accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the consolidated
state of affairs of the Group as at 31 March 2024, of its consolidated profit and consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended.
Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under
Section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs are further described in the
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our
report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are
relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in terms of the Code of Ethics
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the relevant provisions of the Act,
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Basis for Opinion
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance
in our audit of the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2024.
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.
Key Audit Matters
We have determined that there are no other key audit matters to communicate in our report.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 86VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED85
[[PAGE 62]]
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for other information.
The other information comprises the information included in the Holding Company’s Annual
Report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report(s) thereon. The
Holding Company’s annual report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this
auditor’s report.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we
will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read
the other information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider
whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
Other Information
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the matters stated
in Section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation and presentation of these consolidated
financial statements that give a true and fair view of the consolidated state of affairs, consolidated
profit/ loss and consolidated cash flows of the Group in accordance with the accounting principles
generally accepted in India, including the Accounting Standards (AS) specified under section 133 of
the Act. The respective Management and Board of Directors of the companies included in the
Group are responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the
provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of each company and for preventing and detecting
frauds and other irregularities; the selection and application of appropriate accounting policies;
making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design,
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the
preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view
and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for
the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the Management and Board
of Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, respective Management and Board of Directors
of the companies included in the Group are responsible for assessing the ability of each company
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the respective Board of Directors either intends
to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are responsible for
overseeing the financial reporting process of each company.
Management’s and Board of Directors’ Responsibilities for the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and
are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to
those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher
than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
·Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are
also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the company has adequate internal
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements in place and the
operating effectiveness of such controls.
·Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Management and Board of
Directors.
·Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management and Board of Directors use of the going
concern basis of accounting in preparation of consolidated financial statements and, based on
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in
our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if
such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors' report. However, future events or
conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
·Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial
statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements
represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company and such other
companies included in the consolidated financial statements of which we are the independent
auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with
relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence,
and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those
matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the
current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh
the public interest benefits of such communication.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 88VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED87
[[PAGE 63]]
As required by the Companies (Auditors’ Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central
Government of India in terms of section 143 (11) of the Act, and on the basis of such checks of the
books and records of the Company as we considered appropriate and according to the
information and explanations given to us, we give in the “Annexure A” a statement on the
matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
1.
(A) As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
(a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our
knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated
financial statements;
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to the preparation of the
aforesaid consolidated financial statements have been kept so far as it appears from our
examination of those books;
(c) The consolidated balance sheet, the consolidated statement of profit and loss and the
consolidated statement of cash flow dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the
relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated
financial statements;
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the Accounting
Standards (AS) specified under Section 133 of the Act;
2.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 90VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED89
(e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding
Company as on 31 March, 2024 taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding
Company and on the basis of written representations received by the management from the
directors of its subsidiary which is incorporated in India , as on 31 March, 2024, none of the
directors of the Group companies incorporated in India  is disqualified as on March 31, 2024 from
being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act;
(f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements of the Holding Company and its subsidiary company incorporated in India and the
operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure B”;
(B) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors’ Report in accordance
with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the
best of our information and according to the explanations given to us:
(a) The Group did not have any pending litigations which would impact its financial position in its
consolidated financial statements;
(b) The Group did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which
there were any material foreseeable losses;
(c) There has been no delay in transferring amounts to the Investor Education and Protection
Fund by the Holding Company during the year ended March 31, 2024. There are no amounts
which are required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the
subsidiary companies incorporated in India during the year ended 31 March 2024. 
(i) The management of the Holding Company represented that, to the best of their knowledge
and belief, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or
share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Holding Company or any of its
subsidiary companies incorporated in India to or in any other persons or entities, including
foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or
otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other
persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Holding Company
or any of its subsidiary companies incorporated in India (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.;
(ii) The management of the Holding Company represented that, to the best of their knowledge
and belief, no funds have been received by the Holding Company or any of its subsidiary
companies incorporated in India from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities
(“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the
Holding Company or any of its subsidiary companies incorporated in India shall directly or
indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on
behalf of the Funding Parties (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the
like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(iii) Based on such audit procedures performed that have been considered reasonable
andappropriate in the circumstances, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to
believe that the representations under sub-clause (d)(i) and (d)(ii) contain any material
misstatement.
(d)
(e) The Holding company has neither declared nor paid any dividend during the year.
(f) The reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 is applicable
from 1 April 2023.
Based on our examination, which included test checks, the Company has used accounting
software’s for maintaining its books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2024 which
has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the
year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software’s. Further, during the course of our
audit we did not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered with.
As proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is applicable from April 1, 2023,
reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 on preservation of
audit trail as per the statutory requirements for record retention is not applicable for the financial
year ended March 31, 2024
[[PAGE 64]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 92VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED91
For Jain Chhajed & Associates,
Chartered Accountants
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No: 121597
UDIN: 24121597BKGVDC6185
Place: Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
Firm Registration No. 127911W
(C) With respect to the matter to be included in the Auditors’ Report under section 197(16) of the
Act:
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and based on our
examination of the records of the Holding Company, the remuneration paid during the current year
by the Holding Company to its directors is in accordance with the requisite approvals mandated by
the provisions of section 197 of the Act. The remuneration paid to any director by the Holding
Company is not in excess of the limit laid down under section 197 of the Act. The subsidiary
company incorporated in India has not paid any remuneration to its directors during the year. The
Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not prescribed other details under Section 197(16) of the Act which
are required to be commented upon by us.
ANNEXURE “A”
Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited for the year
ended 31 March 2024
With reference to the Annexure “A” referred to in Paragraph 1 under the heading “Report on other
legal and regulatory requirements” of our report of even date:
(xxi) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Companies
(Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 of the Holding Company did not include any unfavourable answers
or qualifications or adverse remarks. In respect of the following entity, the CARO report relating to
them has not been issued by its auditor till the date of principal auditor’s report:
To The Independent Auditors
Name of the Subsidiary CIN
YLP Solutions Private Limited U72900MH2014PTC255661
For Jain Chhajed & Associates,
Chartered Accountants
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No: 121597
UDIN: 24121597BKGVDC6185
Place: Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
Firm Registration No. 127911W
[[PAGE 65]]
Place: Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 94VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED93
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Virtuoso Optoelectronics
Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the Holding Company”) as of and for the year ended 31 March
2024, we have audited the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the
Holding Company and such companies incorporated in India under the Companies Act 2013, which
are its subsidiary companies, as of that date.
In our opinion, the Holding Company and such companies incorporated in India which are its
subsidiary companies, have, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with
reference to financial statements and such internal financial controls were operating effectively as
at 31st March 2024, based on the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements
criteria established by such companies considering the essential components of such internal
controls stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial
Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note”).
The respective Company’s Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for establishing
and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal financial controls with reference
to financial statements criteria established by the respective company considering the essential
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note. These responsibilities include the
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were
operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including
adherence to the Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of
frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely
preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Opinion
Management’s and Board of Directors’ Responsibilities for Internal Financial Controls
ANNEXURE “B”
Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited for the year
ended 31 March 2024
Report on the internal financial controls with reference to the aforesaid consolidated financial statements under
Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act.
(Referred to in paragraph 2(A)(f) under ’Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of
even date)
To The Independent Auditors
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to
financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the Standards on Auditing prescribed under
Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls. Those
Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial
controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated
effectively in all material respects.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the
internal financial controls with reference to financial statements and their operating effectiveness.
Our audit of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements included obtaining an
understanding of internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, assessing the
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the
auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our audit opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements.
A company’s internal financial controls with reference to financial statements is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements include those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use,
or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with Reference to Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls,
material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of
any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are
subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial reporting may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Consolidated Financial
Statements
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No: 121597
UDIN: 24121597BKGVDC6185
Place: Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
For Jain Chhajed & Associates,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 127911W
[[PAGE 66]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 96VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED95
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
CIN -  L74999MH2015PLC268355
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS ON 31ST MARCH, 2024
Sr. No. Particulars Note
No
As at  31st
March 2024
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
1 Shareholders’ Funds
(a) Share Capital 3 2,633.88
(b) Reserves and Surplus 4 16,314.98
(c) Money Received against Share Warrants 5 2,008.91
Total Equity 20,957.77
2 Minority Interest 5.33
3 Share Application Money pending allotment -
3 Non-Current Liabilities
(a) Long-Term Borrowings 6 6,041.05
(b) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net) 7 480.68
(c) Other Long Term Liabilities -
(d) Long Term Provisions 8 50.64
Total Non-Current Liabilities 6,572.37
4 Current Liabilities
(a) Short-Term Borrowings 9 7,456.09
(b) Trade Payables 10
- Total Outstanding Dues of Micro Enterprises & Small Enterprises (MSME) 245.84
- Total Outstanding Dues of Creditors other than Micro Enterprises & Small Enterprises 9,580.48
(c) Other Current Liabilities 11 45.2
(d) Short Term Provisions 12 716.51
Total Current Liabilities 18,044.11
Total Liabilities 45,579.58
ASSETS
1 Non-Current Assets
(a) Property, Plant & Equipment and Intangible Assets 13
(i) Property, Plant & Equipment 13,028.79
(ii) Other Intangible Assets 26.4
(iii) Goodwill on Consolidation 0.22
(iv) Capital Work-in-Progress 689.13
(v) Intangible Assets under Development -
( ₹ in Lakhs)
(b) Non-Current Investments 14 988.13
(c) Deferred Tax Assets(Net) -
(d) Long-Term Loans & Advances -
(e) Other Non-Current Assets 15 277.52
Total Non-Current Assets 15,010.19
3 Current Assets
(a) Current Investments 16 9,033.38
(b) Inventories 17 16,476.35
(c) Trade Receivables 18 2,130.57
(d) Cash and Cash Equivalents 19 8.66
(e) Short-Term Loans & Advances 20 20.11
(f) Other Current Assets 21 2,900.33
Total Current Assets 30,569.39
Total Assets 45,579.58
Significant Accounting Policies 1
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
As per our report of even date
For Jain Chhajed & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Vishrut Bharati
Director
DIN : 06818457
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Vibhuti Kulkarni
Company Secretary 
Place : Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
Place : Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner Membership
No. 121597
( ₹ in Lakhs)
[[PAGE 67]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 98VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED97
Sr. No. Particulars Note No
Year Ended
31st March 2024
1 Income
(a) Revenue from operations 22 53,106.45
(b) Other Income 23 122.14
Total Income 53,228.59
2 Expenses
(a) Cost of raw material consumed 24 46,146.22
(b) Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress & stock-in-trade 25 -382.85
(c) Employee Benefits Expenses 26 1,292.63
(d) Finance costs 27 2,004.95
(e) Depreciation and amortization expense 13 1,829.60
(f) Other Expenses 28 901.38
Total Expenses 51,791.93
3 Profit Before Tax (PBT) 1,436.66
4 Tax Expenses:
(a) Current Tax 251.81
(b) Deferred Tax Charge/ (Benefit) 167.81
5 Profit after Tax (PAT) 1,017.04
Paid up Equity Share Capital (Face Value of Rs. 10/- each) 2,633.88
Reserves excluding Revaluation Reserves 16,314.98
Earning per Equity Share (EPS)
(Basic EPS for the period) 33 4.4
(Diluted EPS for the period) 33 4.32
Significant Accounting Policies 1
As per our report of even date
For Jain Chhajed & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
 CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Vishrut Bharati
Director
DIN : 06818457
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Vibhuti Kulkarni
Company Secretary
Place : Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
Place : Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner Membership
No. 121597
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
CIN -  L74999MH2015PLC268355
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024
(₹ In Lakhs), Except EPS
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
Sr. No. Particulars
Year ended
31st March 2024
1 Cash Flow from Operating Activities
Net Profit Before Tax 1,437.89
Adjustments for:
Depreciation 1,829.60
Finance Cost 2,004.95
Interest on Fixed Deposits -90.17
Adjustment in Reserves - Excess Provision for Taxation 1.73
Adjustment of IPO Expenses - Securities Premium -
Adjustment of Preferential Issue Expenses - Securities Premium -362.05
Adjustment - Minority Interest -
Operating Profit before Working Capital Changes 4,821.95
Changes in Working Capital
(Increase) / Decrease in Trade Receivables 502.44
(Increase) / Decrease in Other Assets -2,503.17
(Increase) / Decrease in Inventories -2,634.18
Increase / (Decrease) in Trade Payables 1,120.69
Increase / (Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities & Provisions 317.53
Cash Generated from / (used in) Operations 1,625.26
Income Taxes Paid -250.5
Net Cash Flow / (used in) Operating Activities (A) 1,374.75
2 Cash Flow from Investing Activities
Investments in Property, Plant & Equipment -6,096.78
Investments in Subsidiary Company -3.1
Investment in Fixed Deposits -8,998.59
Interest on Fixed Deposits 90.17
Net Cash Flow / (used in) Investing Activities (B) -15,008.30
3 Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Proceeds from Preferential Issue  –  SME Platform 8,928.76
Proceeds from Share Warrants 2,008.91
Proceeds from Borrowings 4,673.92
Payment of Finance Costs -2,004.95
Net Cash Flow / (used in) Financing Activities (C) 13,606.64
Net Increase / (Decrease) in Cash &Cash Equivalents(A+B+C) -26.91
Cash & Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year 35.57
Cash &Cash Equivalents at the end of the year 8.66
Cash and Cash Equivalents comprises
Balances with Bank
- On Current / Escrow Accounts 6.51
- Deposits with original maturity of less than three months -
- Cash on Hand 2.16
Total cash and bank balances at the end of the year 8.66
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
CIN - L74999MH2015PLC268355
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR
THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024
(₹ In Lakhs)
[[PAGE 68]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 100VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED99
The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the indirect method set out in
Accounting Standard – 3, "Cash Flow Statement" notified under section 133 of the Companies
Act, 2013, whereby profit before tax is adjusted for the effects of transactions of a non-cash
nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future cash receipts or payments.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
As per our report of even date
For Jain Chhajed & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Vishrut Bharati
Director
DIN : 06818457
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Vibhuti Kulkarni
Company Secretary 
Place : Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
Place : Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner Membership
No. 121597
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR
ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2024
Corporate Information(i)
The Company ("Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited", "VOEPL") having CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
is public limited company incorporated and domiciled in India having its registered office at Plot
No.7, MIDC Area, Trimbak Road, Satpur, Nashik – 422007, Maharashtra, India. The Company is
engaged primarily in the in manufacturing, selling and marketing of Consumer Electronics Goods.
The range of products manufactured by the company includes Air Conditioners, Water Heaters and
Lighting. The Company also offers Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) and related products to
its customers. The equity shares of the Company are listed on The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited
(BSE) – SME Platform.
YLP Solutions Private Limited (“the Subsidiary Company”) is a subsidiary of Virtuoso Optoelectronics
Limited was incorporated on 24th June, 2014 and engaged in the business of online sales and
services of lighting and marketing at 7, MIDC Area, Trimbak Road, Satpur, Nashik 422007.
Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies(ii)
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Accounting
Standards (AS) to comply with the Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 2013 Act”) and the
relevant provisions and amendments, as applicable. The Company and its Indian subsidiary
follows the mercantile system of accounting and recognizes income and expenditure on accrual
basis to the extent measurable and where there is certainty of ultimate realization in respect of
incomes. Accounting policies not specifically referred to otherwise, are consistent and in
consonance with the generally accepted accounting policies. 
The consolidated financial statements are prepared under the historical cost convention method
unless otherwise specified and presented in Indian Rupee (INR), which is also the company and
its Indian subsidiary’s functional currency. All the amounts have been rounded-off to the nearest
rupee, unless otherwise indicated.
Estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and
disclosures are based upon management's evaluation of the relevant facts and circumstances as
of the date of the financial statements.
The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2024 were
approved by the Board of Directors and authorized for issue on May 28, 2024.
(a) Basis of preparation and measurement :
[[PAGE 69]]
The Company consolidates all entities which are controlled by it. 
The Company establishes control when; it has power over the entity, is exposed, or has rights, to
variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect the entity’s returns
by using its power over relevant activities of the entity.
Entities controlled by the Company are consolidated from the date control commences until the
date control ceases.
The results of subsidiaries acquired, or sold, during the year are consolidated from the effective
date of acquisition and up to the effective date of disposal, as appropriate. The financial statements
of the Group companies are consolidated on a line-by-line basis and all inter-company
transactions, balances, income and expenses are eliminated in full on consolidation.
(b) Basis of Consolidation :
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 102VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED101
(d) Revenue Recognition :
Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the
Group and the revenue can be reliably measured, regardless of when the payment is being made.
Revenue is measured at the fair value of amount received or receivable.
Sale of goods is recognized when significant risks & rewards of ownership of the goods are
transferred to the buyer, usually on the delivery of goods.
Service income is recognized as per the terms of contract with customers when the related
services are performed.
Interest incomeis recognized using time proportionate method.
Other income (including rent, income from sale of scrap, income from claims received, etc.) is
recognized on accrual basis. However, where the ultimate collection of the same is uncertain,
revenue recognition is postponed to the extent of uncertainty.
Dividend income is accounted when right to receive is established.
Government grants are recognized when there is reasonable assurance of compliance with
associated conditions and receipt of the grant. Accordingly, the Group has recognized its revenue
from government grants separately in the income statement under “Other Source of Revenue –
Government Grant and Incentives” to enhance transparency and allow users to assess the impact
on the company's financial performance.
Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and
impairment, if any. The cost of property, plant and equipment includes purchase price, including
freight, duties, taxes and any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and
condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. 
If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then
they are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plantand equipment. 
Property, plant and equipment are derecognized from financial statements, either on disposal
orwhen no economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. The gain or losses arising from
disposal ofproperty, plant and equipment are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss in
the year of occurrence.
Assets under construction include the cost of property, plant and equipment that are not ready to
use at the balance sheet date. Advances paid to acquire property; plant and equipment before
the balance sheet date aredisclosed under other non-current assets. Assets under construction
are not depreciated as these assets are not yet available for use.
The Group has capitalized R&D costs and is recognized at cost, comprising expenditures directly
attributable to the design and testing of new products or processes. Costs incurred after
technological feasibility is established are capitalized until the product or process is available for
general release.
Recognition and measurement :
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non-current as per the Group’s normal
operating cycle. An operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and
their realization in cash or cash equivalents. The Group has identified twelve months as its
operating cycle.
(c) Operating Cycle :
(e) Property, Plant and Equipment : 
Subsequent expenditures related to an item of property, plant and equipment are added to its
carrying value only when it is probable that the future economic benefits from the asset will flow
to the Group and cost can be reliably measured. All other repair and maintenance costs are
recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss during the year in which they are incurred.
 Subsequent expenditures
Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment. Intangible
assets are amortized over their respective individual estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis,
from the date that they are available for use.
(a) It is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable to the
asset will flow to the Group; and
(b) the cost of the asset can be measured reliably.
Intangible Assets
 An intangible asset shall be recognized if, and only if:
[[PAGE 70]]
Depreciable amount for assets is the cost of an asset, or other amount substituted for cost, less its
estimated residual value. 
Depreciation / Amortization on property, plant & equipment of the Group has been provided using
the Written Down Value (WDV) method based on the useful life specified in Schedule II to the
Companies Act, 2013. The useful life is as follows:
Assets costing less than INR 5,000 are depreciated at 100% in the year of acquisition.
Assets acquired on lease and leasehold improvements are amortized over the primary period of the
lease on straight line basis.
The estimated useful lives and residual values of the property, plant & equipment and intangible
assets are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate
accounted for on a prospective basis.
The amortization of capitalized R&D costs is provided on a systematic basis over their estimated
useful lives, which typically reflect the period over which the economic benefits from the asset are
expected to be realized. The amortization method applied is generally the straight-line method
unless another method better reflects the pattern of consumption of the economic benefits.
Depreciation and amortization
Class of Asset Useful Life
Factory Building / Leasehold Improvements 30 years
Plant &Machinery 15 years
Electrical Installations 10 years
Furniture & Fixtures 10 years
Tools, Dies & Equipments 10 years
Office Equipments 5 years
Computer Devices, Laptops, etc. 3 years
Servers & Networks 6 years
Motor Vehicles 8 years
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 104VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED103
The carrying values of assets / cash generating units at each balance sheet date are reviewed for
impairment if any indication of impairment exists.
The Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is any indication that an asset may
be impaired. If any such indication exists, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the
asset. If such recoverable amount of the asset or recoverable amount of the cash generating unit
to which the asset belongs is less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount is reduced to its
recoverable amount. 
The reduction is treated as an impairment loss and is recognized in the statement of Profit and
Loss. If at the Balance Sheet date there is an indication that if a previously assessed impairment
loss no longer exists, the recoverable amount is reassessed and the asset is reflected at the
recoverable amount.
(f) Impairment of Assets :
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the Group’s functional currency at exchange
rates at the dates of the transactions.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are
translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date.
Non-monetary items that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.
Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary
items at rates different from those at which they were translated on initial recognition during the
period or in previous consolidated financial statements are recognized in the consolidated
statement of profit and loss in the period in which they arise.
(g)  Foreign currency transactions :
Investments, which are readily realizable and intended to be held for not more than one year
from the date on which such investments are made, are classified as current investments. Current
investments are carried in the financial statements at lower of cost and fair value determined on
an individual investment basis.
Investment other than current investments, are classified as long-term investments and are
stated at cost. Provision for diminution in value of Long term investments is made only if such a
decline is other than temporary.
(h)  Investments:

[[PAGE 71]]
·Inventories are valued at cost or market price whichever is less in the case of finished and semi-
finished goods and at cost in case of raw material. Cost comprises of cost of purchase, cost
conversion & other cost for bringing the inventory to present location and condition.
·The net realizable value of work-in-progress is determined with reference to the selling prices
of related finished products.
·Raw material, components and other supplies held for use in the production of finished
products are not written down below cost except in cases where material prices are declined,
and it is estimated that the cost of finished products will exceed their net realizable value.
·Traded goods are valued at cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the
inventories to their present location and condition.
·The value of write down and circumstances, if any are disclosed in the notes pertaining to the
inventories. There is no reversal of write down.
(i)  Inventories :
The tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognized in the statement of profit
and loss.
Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the
year and any adjustment to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. It is measured
using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if, the Group:
i) Has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and
ii) Intends either to realize the asset and settle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.
Current Tax 
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible
temporary differences tothe extent there is convincing evidence that sufficient taxable profit will
be available against which such deferred taxasset can be realized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed
at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that itis no longer probable that the related
tax benefit will be realized; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable
profits improves.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences
when they reverse, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
manner in which the Group expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount
of its assets and liabilities.
Deferred Tax 
(j) Taxes on Income :
Minimum Alternative Tax (MAT) paid in accordance to the tax laws, which gives rise to future
economic benefits in the form of adjustment of future income tax liability, is considered as an
asset if there is convincing evidence that the Group will pay normal income tax. Accordingly, MAT
is recognized as an asset in the balance sheet when it is probable that the future economic
benefit associated with it will flow to the Group and the asset can be measured reliably.
Minimum Alternative Tax (MAT)
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 106VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED105
Agreements are classified as finance leases, if substantially all the risks and rewards incidental
to ownership of the leased asset is transferred to the lessee.
Finance Lease
Agreements which are not classified as finance leases are considered as operating lease.
Operating lease payments/income are recognised as an expense/income in the consolidated
statement of profit and loss on a straight line basis over the lease term unless there is another
systematic basis which is more representativeof the time pattern of the lease.
Operating Lease
(k)  Leases:
Borrowing cost includes interest, amortization of ancillary costs incurred in connection with the
arrangement of borrowings and exchange differences arising from foreign currency borrowings to
the extent they are regarded as an adjustment to the interest cost.
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset
that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are
capitalized as part of the cost of the respective asset. There are no borrowing costs capitalized
during the year.
All other borrowing costs are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.
Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to differ
settlement of liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.
(l)  Borrowing Costs :
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if:
i)  The Group has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
liabilities; and
ii) The deferred tax assets and the deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same
taxation authority on   the same taxable entity.
The disclosures of transactions with related parties, their outstanding balances, terms &
conditions, securities offered and guarantees given are disclosed in Note No. 32. The Group has not
made provision for doubtful debts in respect of any of the related parties. The Group has not
written-off or written back any amount in respect of above related parties.
(m)  Related Party :
[[PAGE 72]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 108VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED107
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit / (loss) after tax by the weighted
average number of equity shares outstanding during the year. 
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit / (loss) after tax as adjusted for
dividend, interest and other charges to expense or income (net of any attributable taxes) relating to
the dilutive potential equity shares, by the weighted average number of equity shares considered
for deriving basic earnings per share and the weighted average number of equity shares which
could have been issued on conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares.
(n)  Earnings per share :
The Group accounts for its business combinations under acquisition method of accounting.
Acquisition related costs are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss as
incurred. The acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities that meet the
condition for recognition are recognized at their fair values at the acquisition date.
Purchase consideration paid in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired is recognized as
goodwill. Where the fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities exceed the cost of acquisition,
after reassessing the fair values of the net assets and contingent liabilities, the excess is recognized
as capital reserve.
(o) Business Combinations :
Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet comprise cash at banks and on hand, demand
deposit and short-term deposits with anoriginal maturity of three months or less, which are subject
to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and short
term deposits, as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts as they are considered an
integral part of the Group’s cash management.
(p)  Cash and cash equivalents :
The Group recognizes a provision when there is a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a
result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits
will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
obligation.
Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there is a possible obligation arising from past events, the
existence of which will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more
uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group or a present obligation that
arises from past events where it is either not probable that an outflow of resources will be required
to settle the obligation or a reliable estimate of the amount cannot be made.
Contingent assets are neither recognized nor disclosed in the financial statements.
(q) Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets:
The interest of minority interests is initially measured either at fair value or at the minority interest’s
proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The choice of measurement basis is
made on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of
minority interests is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus the minority interests’
share of subsequent changes in equity of subsidiaries.
Dividend to the equity shareholders is recognized as a liability in the Group's financial statements
in the periodin which the dividend is approved by the shareholders.
(r)  Dividend : 
Where events occurring after the balance sheet date provide evidence of conditions that existed
at the end of the reporting period, the impact of such events is adjusted with the consolidated
financial statements. Otherwise, eventsafter the balance sheet date of material size or nature are
only disclosed.
(s)  Events after reporting date : 
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to
the chief operating decision maker.The primary operating segment of Group is business segment.
Since majority of the assets are located at single place and are of common nature, management
has decided not to bifurcate the same into segment wise assets & liabilities. 
The Geographic Segments identified, as Secondary Segment are “Domestic Market” and “Export
Market”.
(t)  Segment Reporting :
The Cash Flow statement is prepared by indirect method set out in AS 3 - “Cash Flow Statements”
and present cash flows by operating, investing and financing activities of the Group.
(u)  Cash Flow Statement :
A receivable is classified as a ‘trade receivable’ if it is in respect of the amount due on account of
goods sold or services rendered in the normal course of business.
The management is authorized, whenever required, to execute / transfer / assign Group’s right to
claim on its trade receivables in favour of its trade payables to avoid getting stuck in debt recovery
loop and affect its operations, by executing proper documentation to that effect in favour of its
trade payables / creditors. Consequently, amount of trade receivables is reduced to such extent of
debts which are assigned in favor of creditors.
(v)  Trade Receivables :
These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of
financial year which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless
payment is not due within 12 months after reporting period. For trade and other payables maturing
within one year from the balance sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to
the short maturity of these instruments.
The management of the Group, whenever required, can execute and transfer its right to claim on
its trade receivables in favour of its trade payables to avoid financial crunch and getting stuck in
trade payable payment pressure and affect its operations, by executing proper documentation to
that effect in favour of its trade payables / creditors. Consequently, amount of trade payable is
reduced to such extent of debts which are assigned in their favor.
(w)  Trade and other payables :
[[PAGE 73]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 110VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED109
Expenses related to ESOPs are recognized based on the fair value of options granted to employees
over the vesting period. Fair value is determined using appropriate valuation techniques and is
certified by the Registered Valuer. 
Management is required to make estimates regarding employee turnover and the likelihood of
option exercise. These estimates are based on historical data, industry trends, and management's
judgment. However, actual employee turnover and option exercise may differ from these
estimates, leading to adjustments in subsequent periods.
(x)  Employee Stock Options Plan :
The Group allocates CSR expenditure based on the nature of the initiatives undertaken during the
financial year. Expenditure is categorized and disclosed accordingly to provide transparency on the
utilization of resources.
The Group periodically evaluates the impact of its CSR activities to assess their effectiveness in
achieving the desired social and environmental objectives. Key performance indicators are utilized
to measure and monitor the outcomes of CSR initiatives.
(y)  CSR Expenditure :
The Authorized Share Capital of the Company was increased from Rs.26,00,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty Six Crores
Only) divided into 2,60,00,000 (Two Crores Sixty Lakhs) Equity Shares of Rs.10/- (Rupees Ten Only) each to
Rs.35,00,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty Five Crores only) divided into 3,50,00,000 (Three Crores Fifty Lakhs) Equity Shares
of Rs.10/- (Rupees Two Only) each and consequential alteration in the Memorandum of Association of the Company
as approved by the shareholders by means of Postal Ballot through electronic means, on February 3, 2024.
Footnote
(a) Reconciliation of number of shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
Note 3 : Share Capital
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
CIN - L74999MH2015PLC268355
Notes forming integral part of Consolidated Financial
Statements for the year ended 31st March, 2024
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Authorised Capital
3,50,00,000 (Previous year : 2,60,00,000) Equity Shares of Rs.10/- each 3,500.00
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Capital
2,63,38,756 (Previous year : 2,28,38,656) Equity Shares of Rs.10/- each fully paid up 2,633.88
Total 2,633.88
Particulars
As at 31st March,2024
Number of Equity Shares Share Capital
Outstanding at the beginning of the year 2,28,38,656 2,283.87
Add : Fresh issue(IPO) during the year - -
Add : Preferential issue during the year 35,00,100 350.01
Outstanding at the end of the year 2,63,38,756 2,633.88
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
[[PAGE 74]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 112VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED111
(c) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares of the aggregate shares of Company
(d) Details of Shares held by Promoters
(b) Terms / Rights attached to equity shares
The Company has only one class of equity shares having a face value of Rs. 10/- Per share. Each
holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share and dividend in Indian rupees, if proposed
by the Board of Directors, which is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing
Annual General Meeting. The Board of Directors have not declared dividend for the year ending 31st
March, 2024.
In the event of liquidation of the company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive
any of the remaining assets of the company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The
distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
Name of the Shareholder
As at 31stMarch, 2024
Number of shares %
Mr. Sukrit Bharati 1,46,57,059 55.65%
Mr. Ashish Kacholia 6,81,070 2.59%
Bengal Finance & Investment Private Limited 7,55,070 2.87%
Other Shareholders 1,02,45,557 38.90%
Total 2,63,38,756 100.00%
Shares Held by Promoters at the end of the year
% Change in During
the YearPromoter Name No. of  Shares % of Total Shares
Mr. Sukrit Bharati 1,46,57,059 55.65% -8.53%
Note 4 : Reserves and Surplus
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
(a) General Reserves
Balance at the beginning of the year 1,338.13
Add: Net Profit/(Net Loss) as per Statement of Profit and Loss 1,015.40
Add: Adjustment in Reserves - Income Tax 1.73
Closing Balance 2,355.26
As per the records of the company, including its register of shareholders / members and other
declarations received from the shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding
represents both legal and beneficial ownership of shares.
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
Note 5 : Money Received against Share Warrants
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Money received against Share Warrants
Issue of Share Warrants 2,008.91
Total 2,008.91
(Rs. In Lakhs)
(a) The company has issued fresh equity shares - 35,00,100 on preferential basis at Rs. 255.10/- per share, including
securities premium of Rs. 245.10/- per share.
(b) Expenses related to preferential issue were adjusted against the securities premium.
Footnote
(a) The company has issued 31,50,000 Equity Warrants convertible into same number of equity shares at a price of
Rs.255.10/- per Share Warrant (including a share premium of Rs.245.10/- per Share Warrant), of which Rs.63.775/- per
warrant, i.e., 25% of Rs.255.10/- was received.
Footnote
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
(b) Securities Premium
Balance at the beginning of the year 5,743.03
Add: Securities premium on shares issued during the year (Preferential Issue) 8,578.75
Less: Adjustment of Preferential Issue Expenses -362.05
Closing Balance 13,959.73
Balance at the end of the year 16,314.98
(₹ in Lakhs)
Note 6 : Long-Term Borrowings
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Term Loans – Secured from Banks and Financial Institutions
(a) Axis Bank (TL & GECL) 1,373.59
(b) Yes Bank (TL - Equipment Finance) 200.1
(c) Mahindra Finance (TL) 940.01
(d) SIDBI (TL) 725.6
(e) HDFC Bank (TL & GECL) 2,253.95
(f) ICICI Bank (TL) 816.3
(g) Tata Capital Finance (TL) -
(h) Union Bank (TL) 913.25
(i) Siemens Finance (TL) 581.46
Less: Short Term Maturities of LongTerm Debts -1,763.53
Term Loans – From Directors 0.31
Total 6,041.05
(₹ in Lakhs)
[[PAGE 75]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 114VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED113
(a) The company has availed term loans / GECL loans from various Banks for the investments in Property, Plant and
Equipment. The rate of interest varies from 7.70% p.a. to 9.60% p.a. These loans are secured by way of : 
Footnote
(i)     Hypothecation & Exclusive Charge of Plant and Machinery procured out of term loans;
(ii)    Pari passu / Second paripassu charge on current assets for both present and future;
(iii)  Equitable mortgage of leasehold rights of industrial property bearing Plot No. 7 situated in MIDC
Satpur, Nashik owned by M/s Filaments & Filaments;
(iv)  Guarantee given by National Credit Guarantee Trustee Company (NCGTC) and extension of charge
on current assets for GECL Term Loans;
(v)    Equitable mortgage of industrial property bearing No. 203/1 & 205/2 situated in Badasaly Village,
Madhya Pradesh owned by M/s Luma Lamp Private Limited
(vi)  First Charge / Second paripassu charge on industrial property bearing No. 64-B-1 situated in MIDC
SatpurNashik owned by M/s Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited;
(vii) Unconditional and Irrecoverable Personal Guarantee of Managing Director;
(viii) Corporate Guarantee of Associate Concerns / Property Owners - M/s Filament & Filaments & M/s
Luma Lamps Private Limited;
(ix)   Lien on Fixed Deposits with the Banks / Financial Institutions;
(x)    Hypothecation of Vehicles purchased out of Auto Loan;
Note 7 : Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
Note 8 :  Long Term Provisions
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
Opening Balance 313.09
Add: DTL arising on account of temporary differences 167.59
Closing Balance 480.68
Total 480.68
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Provision of Employee Benefit Expenses
Provision for Gratuity 20.2
Deferred Employee Compensation Expenses 30.44
Total 50.64
(a) The provision for Gratuity is a non-fund based provision and is made on the basis of Actuarial Report.
Footnote
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(a) The company has availed cash credit loan from the Axis / HDFC & ICICI Banks. As per sanction letter, rate of
interest is in the range of 9.15% p.a. to 9.60% p.a. and these limitsare secured by way of:
Footnote
(i)     Primary Security of hypothecation of Stocks, Book Debts;
(ii)    Charge on all existing and future current assets; 
(iii)  Equitable mortgage of leaseholdrights of industrial property bearing on Plot No. 7 situated in MIDC
SatpurNashik owned by M/s Filaments & Filaments;
(iv)  Industrial property bearing No. 203/1 & 205/2 situated in Badasaly Village, MP owned by M/s Luma
Lamp Private Limited;
(v)    Personal / Corporate Guarantee of Directors and Associate Concerns;
(vi)  Equitable mortgage of leaseholdrights of industrial property bearing on No. F-108 situated in MIDC
Satpur, Nashik owned by M/s Reprolite Papers (India) Private Limited;
(vii) Paripassu charge on Industrial property bearing No. 64-B-1 situated in MIDC Satpur, Nashik owned
by M/s Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (collateral security).
Note 9 : Short-Term Borrowings
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Secured from Banks
(a) Axis Bank - Cash Credit Limit 2,029.46
(b) Axis Bank Limited (PO - Finance) -0.66
(c) HDFC Bank Limited (PO - Finance) 13.26
(d) ICICI Bank - Cash Credit Limit 1,661.56
(e) HDFC Bank - Cash Credit Limit 1,988.94
Short Term Borrowings - Unsecured
(i) From Other Parties - Repayable on Demand -
Short Term Maturities of Long Term Debts 1,763.53
Total 7,456.09
(₹ in Lakhs)
(b) The company has utilized the borrowings from the Banks for the specific purpose for which
the same is taken.
(a)    The above figures of Trade Payables are shown as net of advances paid to the local / foreign suppliers.
(b)    The average credit period on purchases is 1 to 6 months.
(c)    The above includes payables to related parties. Refer Note 32 for more details.
(d)    Kindly refer Note No. 2(w) of the Significant Accounting Policies regarding trade payables.
(e)    Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as certified by the management is provided as follows:
Footnote
Note 10 : Trade Payables
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Trade Payables
Other than due to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises 9,580.48
Amount due to Micro, Small & Medium Enterprise (MSME) 245.84
Total 9,826.32
(₹ in Lakhs)
[[PAGE 76]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 116VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED115
Particulars Not Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date
of payment
Total
Less than 1
year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than
3 years
i) MSME 154.95 90.89 - - - 245.84
ii) Others 8,488.77 1,091.71 - - - 9,580.48
iii) Disputed Dues - MSME - - - - - -
iv) Disputed Dues -Others - - - - - -
Total 8,643.72 1,182.60 - - - 9,826.32
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
(a) Statutory dues payable
GST Payable 140.75
TDS Payable 61.17
TCS Payable 1.96
Professional Tax Payable 0.38
PF Payable 2.24
ESIC Payable 0.31
Provision for Income Tax 251.8
(b) Other Provisions
Salary and Bonus Payable 91.77
Rent Payable 32.17
Provisions for Gratuity -
Provisions for Leave Encashment 3.77
Audit Fees Payable 14
Electricity Charges Payable 45.43
Jobwork & Labour Expenses Payable 33.7
Security Service Expense Payable 4.13
Telephone Charges Payable 0.21
Provision for Expenses 32.72
Total 716.51
Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as on March 31, 2024 Note 12 : Short Term Provisions
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Other Current Liabilities
Advance from Customers 37.34
Other Current Liabilities 7.86
Total 45.2
Note 11 : Other Current Liabilities
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)

[[PAGE 77]]
Note 13 : Property, Plant & Equipment
Sr. No. Particulars
GROSS CARRYING AMOUNT DEPRECIATION NET CARRYING AMOUNT
As at  April 1, 2023 Additions during the
year
Deletions during the
year As at March 31, 2024 As at  April 1, 2023 Additions during the
year
Deletions during the
year As at  March 31, 2024 As at  March 31, 2024 As at  March 31, 2023
A Tangible Assets
1 Land at Satpur MIDC 157 - - 157 - - - - 157 157
2 Factory Building - Satpur 971.28 7.72 - 979 148.65 78.16 - 226.82 752.19 822.63
3 Factory Building –Janori (Leasehold
Improvements) 140.36 - - 140.36 21.23 11.32 - 32.54 107.82 119.13
4 Plant and Machinery 7,209.02 5,500.09 - 12,709.11 1,262.33 1,248.89 - 2,511.22 10,197.89 5,946.69
5 Tools, Dies &Equipment 561 83.68 - 644.68 290.54 70.97 - 361.51 283.17 270.46
6 Research & Development Tools 217.55 288.89 - 506.45 6.05 55.17 - 61.22 445.23 211.51
7 Electrical Installations 1,139.35 20.65 1,160.00 49.65 282.37 - 332.03 827.98 1,089.70
8 Furniture & Fixtures 293.1 23.62 - 316.72 88.63 53.06 - 141.7 175.02 204.46
9 Office Equipments 2.62 1.39 - 4 1.81 0.37 - 2.17 1.83 0.81
10 Computer Devices, Laptops, etc. 30.96 16.81 - 47.78 20.82 9.21 - 30.03 17.74 10.14
11 Servers & Networks 1.22 2.39 - 3.61 0.03 1.09 - 1.11 2.5 1.2
12 Motor Vehicles 14.4 62.82 - 77.22 0.21 16.58 - 16.79 60.43 14.19
Total 10,737.86 6,008.06 - 16,745.93 1,889.95 1,827.19 - 3,717.14 13,028.79 8,847.92
B Other Intangible Assets
1 Website & Mobile Application 36.41 -- -- 36.41 7.6 2.41 - 10.01 26.4 28.81
Total 36.41 -- -- 36.41 7.6 2.41 - 10.01 26.4 28.81
C Capital Work-in-Progress
1 Plant & Machinery 600.42 689.13 600.42 689.13 - - - - 689.13 600.42
Total 600.42 689.13 600.42 689.13 - - - - 689.13 600.42
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 118VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED117
(₹ in Lakhs)
[[PAGE 78]]
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Investment in Fixed Deposits
Fixed Deposit with Banks and Financial Institutions 935.17
Accrued Interest on Fixed Deposit 52.97
Investments in Shares -
Total 988.13
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 120VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED119
Note 14 : Non-Current Investments
(a) Investments in Fixed Deposits are provided as security (lien) against the finance obtained from banks and financial
institutions.
Footnote
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Security Deposits
Deposit for Government Tender 102.11
Gas Connection Deposit 0.25
MSEDCL Deposit – Factory 56.55
Security Rent Deposit 118.43
BSNL Telephone Deposit 0.17
Total 277.52
Note 15 : Other Non-Current Assets
(a) Deposit paid to Municipal Commissioner - Punchkulla (Haryana) was against LED Street Lighting Contract awarded
to the Company. This contract has been revoked by the Haryana State Government and the company has filed with
MSME Samadhan Platform and District Court, Nashik for compensation.
Footnote
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Investments in Fixed Deposits
Fixed Deposit with Banks (Short Term) 9,033.38
Accrued Interest on Fixed Deposit -
Total 9,033.38
Note 16 : Current Investments
(a) Investments in fixed deposits are from the proceeds of preferential issue of Equity Shares and Equity Share
Warrants deployed on short term basis.
Footnote
(a) Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost net of depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
The cost comprises purchase price, borrowing costs (if capitalization criteria are met) and directly attributable costs
of bringing the asset to it's working condition for the intended use. Any trade discounts are deducted in arriving at
the purchase price.
(b) Any subsequent expenditure incurred is treated as capital expenditure, if the same tends to increase the
efficiency of the asset, otherwise is charged to Profit and Loss account.
(c) The title deeds of immovable properties (other than properties where the Company is a lessee and the lease
arrangements are duly executed in the favour of the lessee) are held in the name of the Company.
(d)Ageing Schedule:
Footnote
All the upcoming projects of the Company are within the timelines as estimated during the original
plan and the actual cost of projects are within the total cost as estimated by the management of
the Company as at the Balance Sheet date.
Capital work in progress (CWIP) Ageing Schedule as at March 31, 2024
Intangible Assets under Development aging schedule as on March 31, 2024
CWIP
Amount of CWIP for a period of Total as on 
March 31, 2023Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
i) Projects in Progress 689.13 - - - 689.13
ii) Projects temporarily
suspended - - - -
Intangible Assets
under Development
Amount of Intangible Assets under development for a period of Total as on
March 31, 2023Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
i) Projects in Progress - - - - -
ii) Projects temporarily
suspended - - - - -
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
[[PAGE 79]]
Particulars Not
Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of
payment
Total
Less than
6 months
6 months
- 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years
More
than 3
years
i) Undisputed Trade receivables –
considered good 1,868.07 252.77 0.71 9.02 - - 2,130.57
ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables –
which have significant increase in
credit risk
- - - - - - -
iii) Undisputed Trade Receivables –
credit impaired - - - - - - -
iv) Disputed Trade Receivables –
considered good - - - - - - -
v) Disputed Trade Receivables – which
have significant increase in credit risk - - - - - - -
vi) Disputed Trade Receivables – credit
impaired - - - - - - -
Total 1,868.07 252.77 0.71 9.02 - - 2,130.57
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Balances with Banks
In Current and Deposit Accounts 6.51
In Escrow Accounts -
Cheques on Hand -
Cash in Hand 2.16
Total 8.66
Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule as at 31st March 2024
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 122VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED121
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Inventories (lower of cost or net realisable value)
Raw Materials 15,361.03
Work-in-progress 706.42
Finished Goods 408.89
Total 16,476.35
Note 17 : Inventories Note 19 : Cash and Cash Equivalents
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Other Advances
Advance to Staff 16.4
Balances with Government Authorities 3.71
Total 20.11
Note 20 : Short Term Loans & Advances
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Balance with Revenue Authorities
TDS Receivables 41.3
TCS Receivables 1.24
GST Receivables (Excess ITC) 3.58
Advance Tax 325
Custom Duty Receivables 0.16
Export Duty Receivable 0.36
Government Grants and Incentives Receivables 2,243.22
Other Assets
TDS Receivable - NBFC 5.14
Prepaid Insurance 31.06
Reimbursement of Stipend Claim (Govt. Scheme) 11.81
Prepaid Expenses 76.77
Prepaid Interest on SID/PO Facilities -
Preliminary/Preoperative Expenses 160.69
Total 2,900.33
Note 21 : Other Current Assets
(a)    Method of valuation of inventories is stated in Note 2 (i) of Significant Accounting Policies.
Footnote
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Unsecured and Considered good
Trade Receivables for supply of goods and services 2,130.57
Total 2,130.57
Note 18 : Trade Receivables
(a) The above figures of Trade Receivables are shown as net of advances / raw material received from the customers.
(b) The above includes receivables from related parties. Refer Note 32 for more details.
(c) Kindly refer Note No. 2(v) of the Significant Accounting Policies regarding trade receivables.
Footnote
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
[[PAGE 80]]
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Sale of Products& Services
Sale of Lighting, Consumer Durables, etc. 51,039.78
Service Income 13.13
Consultancy & Management Services 96.48
Other Sources of Revenue
Government Grant and Incentives 1,957.06
Total 53,106.45
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Other Manufacturing Cost / Cost of Production
Freight Inward 212.16
Conversion Cost – Manufacturing 1,056.93
Electricity & Fuel Charges 387.54
Customs Duty 384.22
Clearing & Forwarding Expenses 73.92
Loading & Unloading Charges 12.25
Packing & Water Charges 0.22
Tooling Cost 2.88
Total 2,130.12
Note 22: Revenue from Operations
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 124VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED123
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Inventories at the beginning of the year
Work-in progress 253
Finished goods 479.47
Sub-Total 732.47
Inventories at the end of the year
Work-in progress 408.89
Finished goods 706.42
Sub-Total 1,115.32
(Increase)/Decrease in Inventories -382.85
Note 25 : Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and
stock-in trade
(a) Government Grants & Incentives Receivable includes the subsidy receivable from the Government of
Maharashtra under the Electronics Policy, 2016 and from the PLI Scheme of Central Government.
(b)   Pre-operative expenses includes expenditure incurred on the new plants located at Mohadi (Plant F) & Vilholi
(Plant D), where commercial operations have not yet started. Both the new plants will be operational in the next
financial year.
Footnote
(a) Government Grants & Incentives includes the subsidy receivable from the Government of Maharashtra under the
Electronics Policy, 2016 and from the PLI Scheme of Central Government.
Footnote
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Other Income
Interest on Fixed Deposit 90.31
Foreign Exchange Gain 25.04
Misc. Income – Liabilities not Payable 6.43
Export Duty Drawback 0.36
Total 122.14
Note 23: Other Income
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Raw material consumed
Inventory at the beginning of the year 13,109.70
Add: Purchases during the year : Indigenous 43,269.75
Add: Purchases during the year : Imports 2,997.68
Add: Other Manufacturing Costs/Cost of Production (Footnote–b) 2,130.12
Less: Inventory at the end of the year -15,361.03
Total 46,146.22
Note 24: Cost of raw materials consumed
(a) Above purchase figures are shown as net of rate differences, Debit Notes issued for defective materials and
warranty claims.
Footnote
(b) Other Manufacturing Cost / Cost of Production:
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
[[PAGE 81]]
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Employee Benefit Expenses
Salaries, Wages, Bonus and Other Allowances 800.52
Directors' Remuneration 36
Stipend Expenses - Internship 289.07
Contribution to provident fund 26.19
Contribution to ESIC fund 2.88
MLWF Establishment Contribution (ERC) 0.15
Expenses for Gratuity 9.56
Expenses for Leave Encashment 4.5
Staff Welfare Expenses 91.77
Education, Training and Development 2.18
Employee Compensation Expenses - ESOP 29.8
Total 1,292.63
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Repairs & Maintenance 4.43
Security Service Charge 45.47
Cleaning & Utility Expense 10.32
CSR Expenditure 13.18
Directors' Sitting Fees 1.6
Exhibition Expenses (Client) 25.32
Total 901.38
Note 26: Employee Benefit Expenses
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 126VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED125
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
As Auditor:
Statutory Audit Fees 8.4
Tax Audit Fees 2
In Other Capacities
Professional Fees 1.98
Total 12.38
Note 28(a) : Details of Payments to Auditors
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Finance Cost
Interest on Loan 1,863.98
Other Borrowing Costs 140.97
Total 2,004.95
Note 27: Finance Cost
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Other Expenses
Payment to Auditors 10.4
Printing & Stationery 9.13
Professional & Legal Fees 85.69
Rent, Rates & Taxes 531.35
Office Expenses 7.68
Freight Outward 6.81
Income Tax & Interest Payment (Dues) 5.62
Insurance Charges 46.23
Telephone Expenses 6.08
Travelling Expenses 67.62
Sales Promotion Expenses 24.44
Note 28: Other Expenses
(a)    The Company has granted 2,59,140 options exercisable under Employee Stock Option Plan / Scheme -2023.
Accordingly, ESOP - Employee Compensation Expenses booked for the year.
(b)Kindly refer Note No. 2(x) of the Significant Accounting Policies regarding Employee Stock Options Plan.
Footnote
Note 29: Employee Benefit Obligations
The disclosure required as per Accounting Standard 15 “Employees Benefit” issued by the Institute of
Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and as specified under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013
read with rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
Retirement benefits in the form of Gratuity have been valued by an independent actuary as on the
Balance Sheet date. The accrued benefits are projected to the due date and valued prospectively by
applying proper economic and demographic assumptions stated below. The liability is computed on
current salary levels projected to the probable due date using "Projected Unit Credit (PUC) Method".
The following table summarizes the components of net benefit expenses recognized in respect of
Gratuity:
29.1 Defined Benefits Plan
(a) Gratuity Benefits:
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Expense recognized in the statement of Profit and Loss
Interest Cost 0.83
Current Service Cost 7.66
Past Service Cost -
Expected return on plan assets -
Net Actuarial Gain/(Loss) recognized in the period 0.58
Expenses to be recognized in P&L 9.07
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
[[PAGE 82]]
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Reconciliation of liability recognized in balance sheet
Present value of the obligation at the beginning of the period 11.12
Expenses to be recognized in P&L 9.07
Benefit paid (if any) -
Present value of the obligation at the end of the period 20.2
Liability recognized in Balance Sheet
Present value of the obligation at the end of the period 20.2
Fair value of plan assets at end of period -
Net liability / (asset) recognised in the Balance Sheet and related analysis 20.2
Funded Status – Surplus/(Deficit) -20.2
Current Liability (Short Term) 1.95
Non-Current Liability(Long Term) 18.25
The principal assumptions used in determining gratuity as shown below:
Discount Rate 7.25%
Rate of increase in compensation levels 5.00%
Withdrawal Rate 5.00%
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 128VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED127
Particulars FY 2023-
24
1. The principal amount and the interest due thereon as at the end of each accounting year. 90.05
2. The amount of interest paid along with the amounts of the payment made to the supplier
beyond the appointed day. --
3. The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment (which
have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without adding the interest
specified under this Act.
--
4. The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each accounting year. --
5. The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years, until
such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small enterprise, for the
purpose of disallowance as a deductible expenditure under section 23.
--
Note 31: Disclosures under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
Development Act, 2006
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Contingent Liabilities - TDS Outstanding Demand -
Contingent Liabilities - Custom Duty Payable (EPCG Obligations) 624.41
Corporate Guarantees NIL
Commitments NIL
Value of Imports on CIF Basis 7,585.85
Expenditure in Foreign Currency NIL
Earnings in Foreign Exchange - Exports 17.12
Note 30: Other Disclosures (As certified by Management)
Note 32: Related Party Disclosures
The information of MSME creditors has been determined to the extent of such parties identified on
the basis of the information available with the Company regarding the status of parties under the
MSMED Act and has been relied upon by the auditors. Company has not made any provision for
interest to be paid / payable to micro and small enterprises during the year.
(a)    Company received intimation from suppliers about their status as 'MSME Supplier' as per 'Micro, Small and
Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006'.
(b)    Company has not made any provision for interest to be paid / payable to micro and small enterprises during the
year.
Footnote:
The leave obligation cover the Company’s liability for earned leave. The entire amount of the provision of Rs. 4.50
Lakhs is presented as current, since the company does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement for these
obligations.
(b) Leave Encashment:
The Company contribution towards Provident Fund is paid to the Central Government is debited to
the statement of profit and loss. The amount debited to the statement of profit and loss during the
year was Rs. 26.19 Lakhs.
29.2 Defined Contribution Plans
(a) Provident Fund:
(a)   Contingent Liabilities is towards Custom Duty amount waived under EPCG Scheme, for import of plant and
machinery. This contingent liability may arise in case the company fails to honor the export obligation in future.
Footnote:
The Company’s principal related parties consist of its holding company Virtuoso Optoelectronics
Limited and its subsidiaries, affiliates and key managerial personnel. The Group’s material related
party transactions and outstanding balances are with related parties with whom the Group routinely
enter into transactions in the ordinary course of business.
(a) Key Management Personnel (KMP)
Sukrit Bharati - Managing Director1.
Abhinav - Executive Director2.
Sajid Shaikh - CFO3.
CS Vibhuti Kulkarni - Compliance Officer (Appointed on 28/01/2024)4.
CS Hariom Kushwaha - Compliance Officer (Resigned on 27/01/2024)5.
(b) Non-Executive Director
Vishrut Bharati - Non Executive Director1.
Ziral Soni - Independent Director2.
Ila S Bhat - Independent Director3.
Drashti Solanki - Independent Director4.
(c) Relatives of Key Management Personnel
Nikitha Shravan Poddatur1.
Arvind Bharati2.
Ashu Bharati3.
A. List of Related Parties and Relationship
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
[[PAGE 83]]
(d) Enterprises over which Key Management Personnel exercise significant influence or control
Swami Shanti Prakash Virtuoso Esco Private Limited1.
Agsure Innovations Private Limited2.
(e) Enterprises over which their relatives exercise significant influence or control
Solarcopyer Limited                                           1.
Starlite Components Limited                                         2.
Paragon Plastics Private Limited                                    3.
Lumalamp Limited4.
Techmark International FZE5.
Starlite Lamp Components Private Limited6.
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 130VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED129
Particulars
2023-24
Transaction Value for
the year Closing Balances
A) Key Management Personnel -
Issue of Share Capital(including Share Premium) - -
Issue of Share Warrants (including share premium) 382.65 -
Director's Remuneration 36 -
Unsecured Loans / (Repayments) -7.86 -
Salary Expenses - KMP 36.14 2.63
B) Relatives of Key Management Personnel
Issue of Share Capital (including share premium) - -
Issue of Share Warrants (including share premium) 159.44 -
Salary Expenses 6 -
C) Transactions with the entities which is controlled by the Key
Management Personnel -
Issue of Share Capital - -
Sale of Goods / Services - -
Purchase of Goods / Services - -
D) Transactions with the entities which is controlled by the
Relatives of KMP -
Sale of Goods / Services 87.72 17.16
Purchase of Goods / Services - -
B. Transactions with Related Parties during the year
Transactions and balances with its own subsidiaries are eliminated on consolidation.
(a) The transactions with the related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arms’ length
transactions.                                                       
(b) No amount has been provided as doubtful debt or advance written off or written back in the year in respect of
debts due from / to above related parties.                                               
(c) Reimbursement for expenses / payments made by the directors on behalf of the company in the ordinary
course of business is not reported above.
Footnote:
Note 33 : Earnings Per Share
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Net profit / (loss) for calculation of Basic EPS 1,017.04
Weighted Average Number of Equity Shares outstanding during the year for
Basic EPS 2,31,30,331
Basic Earnings Per Share (Rs.) 4.4
Weighted Average Number of Equity Shares outstanding during the year for
Diluted EPS 2,35,65,591
Diluted Earnings Per Share (Rs.) 4.32
Nominal Value per Share (Rs.) 10
Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders
by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
The Weighted average number of Equity Share for calculation of Diluted EPS includes 31,50,000
Equity Share Warrants convertible into one equity share and 2,59,140 Employee Stock Options.
Note 34: Employee Stock Option Plans (ESOP)
The Company instituted VOEPL Employees Stock Option Plan-2023 (ESOP 2023) for all eligible
employees pursuant to a resolution approved by the shareholders in the Extra-ordinary General
Meeting held on February 24, 2023. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board
of the company administers the ESOP 2023 Plan and grants stock options to eligible employees.
The Committee determines which eligible employees will receive options, the number of options
to be granted, the exercise price, the vesting period and the exercise period. The vesting period is
determined for all options issued on the date of grant. Participation in the plan is at the board’s
discretion and no individual has a contractual right to participate in the plan or to receive any
guaranteed benefits.
The company has established VOEPL 2023 Plan with 20,00,000 equity shares. However, the
company has granted 2,59,140 options during the year.
The exercise price of the options is Rs.246.30/- per share. The fair value of the share options is
estimated at the grant date using a Black-Scholes Method, taking into account the terms and
conditions upon which the share options were granted. However, the above performance
condition is only considered in determining the number of instruments that will ultimately vest.
The carrying amount of the liability at 31 March, 2024 was Rs. 29.80 Lakhs.
The expense recognised for employee services received during the year is shown in the following
table:
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Expense arising from equity-settled share-based payment transactions 29.8
Total expense arising from share-based payment transactions 29.8
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
[[PAGE 84]]
There were no cancellations or modifications to the awards in year ending 31 March, 2024.
Movements during the year: The following table illustrates the number and weighted average
exercise prices (WAEP) of, and movements in, share options during the year
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Options outstanding at the beginning of the year -
Granted during the year 2,59,140
Forfeited during the year -
Exercised during the year -
Expired during the year -
Options outstanding at the end of the year 2,59,140
Exercisable at 31 March 2,59,140
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 132VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED131
The following tables list the inputs to the models used for the plan for the years ended 31 March,
2024:
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
Weighted average fair values at the measurement date 246.3
Dividend yield (%) -
Expected Annualized Volatility (%) 32.81%
Risk–free interest rate (%) 7.17%
Expected life of share options (years) 4.5 years
Weighted average share price (Rs.) 246.3
Model used Black-Scholes Method
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
1. Amount required to be spent by the company during the year 13.18
2. Amount of expenditure incurred on:
(i) Construction/acquisition of any asset -
(ii) On purposes other than (i) above 13.18
3. Shortfall at the end of the year -
Note 35 : Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
Particulars As at March 31, 2024
4. Total of previous years shortfall -
5. Nature of CSR Activities Education & Apprenticeship
Training
6. Details of related party transaction -
7. Reason for shortfall -
The Company endeavoured to ensure full utilization of the allocated CSR budget. The CSR activities are
scalable with few new initiatives that may be considered in future and moving forward the Company
will endeavor to spend the amount on CSR activities in accordance with the statutory requirements.
(a)    The company is liable to comply with the requirements of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 from the
financial year 2023-24. The Company is spending its 2% of average net profits as CSR expenditure on the
Apprenticeship training.
(b)   As per the circular from Ministry of Corporate Affairs, industries / establishments are permitted to utilize their
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) funds for Apprentices Training which includes expenditure on Basic Training
and stipend funds payable to apprentices under Apprentices Act, 1961 (amended 2014)
Footnote
Note 36 : Segment Reporting
The Company is primarily engaged in the manufacturing, selling and marketing of Consumer
Goods. The range of products manufactured by the company includes Air Conditioners, Water
Heaters, Lighting and their components. The Company also offers Electronics Manufacturing
Services (EMS) and related products to its customers. The Company has only one operating
segment, hence disclosure under AS 17 on Segment Reporting is not applicable.
Note 37 : Balance Confirmations
Note 38 :  General Remarks to Financial Statements
The balances in the accounts of Trade Receivables, Trade Payables, Loans and Advances, Other
Current Assets and Other Current Liabilities are subject to confirmation / reconciliation, if any; the
Management does not expect any significant variance from the reported figures.
(a) The company is registered person under the Goods and Service Tax (GST) Act, 2017. During the
year, the company has availed various input tax credits of GST paid on procurement of goods and
services. The company is in the process of reconciliation of such input tax credits with its vendors
and the GST returns filed during the year. Effects of such reconciliation, if any, have not been
considered in the books of accounts.                                                                                                                                       
(b) We have applied test check method of vouching regarding purchase, sales, vouchers,
expenses, whenever we found necessary. 
(c) Normally the company is regular in payment of all statutory dues. There were no statutory dues
outstanding for more than six months as on 31-03-2024. 
(d) We have not physically verified cash in hand and closing stock as on 31-03-2024. Cash balance
and quantitative details of stock have been certified by the management and accepted & relied
upon by us. Due to the high volume and nature of business, it is not possible to verify quantitative
details of the goods manufactured and traded by the Company. 
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
(₹ in Lakhs)
[[PAGE 85]]
Note 39 :  Other Statutory Information
(a) The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or
pending against the Company for holding any Benami property. 
(b) The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC
beyond the statutory period. 
(c) The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the
financial year as well as in the previous financial year. 
(d) The Company has not made any contribution to any political party during the current financial
year as well as in the previous financial year. 
(e) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies),
including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall: 
      (i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner
whatsoever by or on behalf of the company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or    
       
       (ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 134VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED133
(e) There have been no events subsequent to the Balance Sheet date, which require adjustment of,
or disclosure in, the financial statements or notes thereto. 
(f) The company has complied with all aspects of contractual agreements that could have a
material effect on the financial statements in the event of non-compliance. To the best of our
knowledge there has been no non-compliance with requirements of regulatory authorities that
could have a material effect on the financial statements in the event of non-compliance. 
(g) Previous period figures have been regrouped, re-arranged and re-classified wherever necessary
to conform to current period’s classification 
(h) The consolidated financial statements are approved for issue by the Board of Directors in their
meeting held on May 28, 2024. 
(i) The Company has evaluated subsequent events from the balance sheet date through May 28,
2024, the date at which the financial statements were available to be issued, and determined that
there are no material items to disclose.
(f) To the best of our knowledge and representation received from the management, the Company
has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding
Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
(g) The Company has not any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that
has been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the
Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act,
1961).                                                                                                                                  
(h) To the best of our knowledge and representation received from the management, the Company
has not granted any loans or advances in nature of loans to promoters, directors and KMPs either
severally or jointly with any other person during the year ended March 31, 2024.
(i) The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank, financial institution,
government or government authority.
(i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or 
(ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries,
(j) The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-to-use assets) or
intangible assets during the year ended March 31, 2024.
(k) As per information received from the management, there were no transactions entered with the
companies which are struck off.
Note 40 :   Code on Social Security, 2020
The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘Code’) relating to employee benefits during employment and
post-employment received Indian Parliament approval and Presidential assent in September 2020.
The Code has been published in the Gazette of India and subsequently on November 13, 2020 draft
rules were published and invited for stakeholders’ suggestions. However, the date on which the Code
will come into effect has not been notified. The Company will assess the impact of the Code when it
comes into effect and will record any related impact in the period the Code becomes effective.
As per our report of even date
For Jain Chhajed & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Vishrut Bharati
Director
DIN : 06818457
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Vibhuti Kulkarni
Company Secretary 
Place : Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
CA Suyash Chhajed Partner
Membership No. 121597
[[PAGE 86]]
The Key Audit Matter How our audit addressed the key audit matters
1. Revenue Recognition from Sales
Revenue is measured net of returns, discounts and rate difference
on the Company’s sales.
Revenue is recognized when the control of the underlying products
has been transferred to the customer. There is a risk of revenue
being overstated due to fraud resulting from the pressure on
management to achieve performance targets at the reporting
period end.
Our audit procedures included the following:
Assessing the appropriateness of the revenue recognition
accounting policies, including those relating to sales returns,
discounts and rate difference.
Performing substantive testing (including year- end cutoff
testing) by selecting samples of revenue transactions recorded
during the year by verifying the underlying documents, which
included sales invoices / e-invoice, etc.
For sample customers, obtained and assessed the arrangements
with the Company and impact on revenue recognition including
their payment terms and right to returns.
For sample customer balances, obtained direct confirmation and
tested the reconciliations, if any.
2. Revenue Recognition from Government Grants
As per AS 12 “Accounting for Government Grant”, Government grants
available to the enterprise are considered for inclusion in accounts:
(i) where there is reasonable assurance that the enterprise will
comply with the conditions attached to them; and
(ii)where such benefits have been earned by the enterprise and it is
reasonably certain that the ultimate collection will be made.
Our audit procedures included:
We evaluated the recognition and measurement principles of
sanctioning grants under the PLI Scheme and State Electronics
Policy, ensuring compliance with accounting standards. This
included assessing revenue recognition conditions and the
proper allocation of incentives over the performance period.
We verified the company's compliance with PLI scheme
eligibility criteria and performance obligations, ensuring
documentation supported eligibility and annual cap of
incentives.
We assessed the adequacy of disclosure regarding PLI and IPS
incentives in the financial statements and compliance with
reporting requirements outlined by regulatory authorities.
3. Inventory Valuation
Inventories are held at the lower of landed cost and net realizable
value (NRV).
Due to high volume and nature of products, the company is dealing
with and the absence of adequate records, valuation of inventory
may be misstated.
Also NRV is being based on the assumptions/judgment of the
management. Inappropriate assumptions of NRV can impact the
assessment of the carrying value of inventories.
Our audit procedures included:
Assessing the appropriateness of the inventory valuation method
followed by the management and by comparing with applicable
AS.
Performing substantive testing (including year – end cut off
testing) by selecting samples of inward and outward movement
of inventory during the year by verifying the underlying
documents, which included sales invoices / purchase invoice and
bill of entry.
Evaluating the design and implementation of the Company’s
internal controls over the Landed Cost of Inventory and Net
Realizable Value (NRV) assessment.
Considered the valuation certificate provided by the
management and stock statements submitted to the banks.
Independent Auditor’s Report
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
To,
The Members of
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
We have audited the standalone financial statements of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (the
“Company”) which comprise the standalone balance sheet as at March 31, 2024, the standalone
statement of profit and loss, and the standalone statement of cash flows for the year then ended,
and notes to the standalone financial statements, including significant accounting policies and
other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us,
the aforesaid standalone financial statements give the information required by the Companies
Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in
conformity with the accounting standards and accounting principles generally accepted in India,
of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2024, its profit and its cash flows for the year
ended on that date.
Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs), as specified under
Section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs are further described in the
‘Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements’ section of our
report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are
relevant to our audit of the standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Act and
the Rules there under, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the standalone financial
statements.
Basis for Opinion
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of
the standalone financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2024. These matters were addressed in
the context of our audit of the standalone financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
Key Audit Matters
We have determined that there are no other key audit matters to communicate in our report.
“ Revolutionizing the future with
cutting-edge technology “
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 136VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED135
[[PAGE 87]]
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for other information. The
other information comprises the information included in the Company’s annual report, but does
not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report(s) thereon. The Company’s annual
report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we
will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether
the other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
Other Information
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the matters stated in
Section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation of these standalone financial statements
that give a true and fair view of the state of affairs, profit / loss and cash flows of the Company in
accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including the Accounting
Standards (AS) specified under section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance
of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of
the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities;
selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates
that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate
internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and
completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the
standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone financial statements, the Management and Board of Directors are
responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no
realistic alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Management’s and Board of Directors’ Responsibilities for the Standalone Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the standalone financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone financial
statements.
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management and Board of Directors use of the going
concern basis of accounting in preparation of standalone financial statements and, based on
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in
our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone financial statements or, if such
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors' report. However, future events or conditions
may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the standalone financial
statements, including the disclosures, and whether the standalone financial statements
represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with
relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence,
and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those
matters that were of most significance in the audit of the standalone financial statements of the
current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh
the public interest benefits of such communication
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 138VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED137
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial statements,
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks,
and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are
also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the company has adequate internal
financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements in place and the operating
effectiveness of such controls
.
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Management and Board of
Directors.
[[PAGE 88]]
As required by the Companies (Auditors’ Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central
Government of India in terms of section 143 (11) of the Act, and on the basis of such checks of the
books and records of the Company as we considered appropriate and according to the
information and explanations given to us, we give in the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters
specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
1.
(A) As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
(B) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors’ Report in accordance with
Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our
information and according to the explanations given to us:
(a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our
knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit;
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so
far as it appears from our examination of those books of the Company;
(c) The standalone balance sheet, the standalone statement of profit and loss and the standalone
statement of cash flow dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account;
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Accounting
Standards (AS) specified under Section 133 of the Act;
(e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2024
taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31,
2024 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act;
(f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements of the Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our
separate Report in “Annexure B”;
(a) The Company does not have any pending litigations which would impact its financial position
in its standalone financial statements;
2.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 140VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED139
(b) The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which
there were any material foreseeable losses;
(c) There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and
Protection Fund by the Company during the year ended March 31, 2024;
(i) The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds
have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium
or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other persons or
entities, including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether
recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly
lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on
behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the
like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
(d)
(ii) The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no
funds have been received by the Company from any persons or entities, including foreign
entities (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or other
wise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons
or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries; 
(iii) Based on such audit procedures performed that have been considered reasonable and
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to
believe that the representations under sub-clause (d)(i) and (d)(ii) contain any material
misstatement.
(e) The Company has neither declared nor paid any dividend during the year.
(f) The reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 is
applicable from 1 April 2023.
Based on our examination, which included test checks, the Company has used accounting
software’s for maintaining its books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2024
which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated
throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software’s. Further, during the
course of our audit we did not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being
tampered with.
As proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is applicable from April 1, 2023,
reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 on preservation
of audit trail as per the statutory requirements for record retention is not applicable for the
financial year ended March 31, 2024
(C) With respect to the matter to be included in the Auditors’ Report under section 197(16) -
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and based on
our examination of the records of the Company, the Company has paid/ provided for
managerial remuneration in accordance with the requisite approvals mandated by the
provisions of section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act.
For Jain Chhajed & Associates,
Chartered Accountants
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No: 121597
UDIN: 24121597BKGVDC6185
Firm Registration No. 127911W
[[PAGE 89]]
Place: Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
ANNEXURE “A”
Report of Even Date on the Standalone Financial Statements of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
(a) [A] The Company has maintained reasonable records showing full particulars, including
quantitative details and situation of Property, Plant and Equipment.
[B] The company does not have any intangible assets; accordingly this clause is not applicable
to the Company.
With reference to the Annexure “A” referred to in Paragraph 1 under the heading “Report on other legal and
regulatory requirements” of our report of even date:
In terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the company and the books of account and
records examined by us in the normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:
(i) Property, Plant and Equipments
To The Independent Auditors
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our
examination of the records of the Company, the Company has a regular program of verification
to cover all the items of Property, Plant and Equipment during the year which, in our opinion, is
reasonable having regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its assets. According to
the information and explanations given to us, no material discrepancies were noticed on such
verification.
(c) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of records of
Company examined by us we report that, the title deeds of all the immovable properties (other
than properties where the company is the lessee and the lease agreements are duly executed in
favor of the lessee) disclosed in the financial statements are held in the name of the company.
(d) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our
examination of the records of the Company, the Company has not revalued its Property, Plant
and equipment (including Right of Use assets) or intangible assets or both during the year
ended 31st March 2024.
(e) According to information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination
of the records of the Company; there are no proceedings initiated or pending against the
Company for holding any Benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act,
1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder.
(a) In our opinion and according to the information given to us, the company has maintained
proper records of its inventories. The inventory has been physically verified by the management
during the year, in our opinion frequency of verification is reasonable and procedures and
coverage of such verification by the management is appropriate. No material discrepancies
have been noticed on verification between physical stock and the book records that were 10%
or more in the aggregate for each class of inventory.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our
examination of the records produced of the company and as disclosed in note 9 to the financial
statements, the Company has been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of Rs. five crores,
in aggregate, from banks on the basis of security of current assets of the Company. Based on the
records examined by us in the normal course of audit of the financial statements, the quarterly
returns/statements filed by the Company with such banks and financial institutions are in
agreement with the books of accounts of the Company.
(ii)
According to information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of
the records of the company, the Company has made investments in the Subsidiary Company
during the year, in respect of which the requisite information is as below. The Company has not
provided any guarantee or security or granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans,
secured or unsecured to companies, firms, limited liability partnership or any other parties
during the year. The Company has not made any investments in firms and limited liability
partnerships or any other parties during the year.
(iii)
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 142VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED141
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us and based on the audit
procedures conducted by us, in our opinion the investments made during the year are, prima
facie, not prejudicial to the interest of the Company.
(a) [A] Based on the audit procedures carried on by us and as per the information and
explanations given to us, the Company has not given any loan and advances in the nature of
loans or stood guarantee or provided security to subsidiary. The Company does not hold any
investment in any joint ventures or associates.
[B] Based on the audit procedures carried on by us and as per the information and explanations
given to us, the Company has not given any loan and advances in the nature of loans or stood
guarantee or provided security to parties other than subsidiary. The Company has not stood
guarantee or provided security to parties other than subsidiaries. Accordingly, provisions of
clauses 3 (iii) (c) to (f) of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
According to information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of
the records of the company, the Company has not given any loans or provided any guarantees
or given any security as specified under Section 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the
Act"). In respect of the investments made by the Company, in our opinion the provisions of
Section 186 of the Act have been complied with.
(iv)
The Company has neither accepted any deposits from the public nor accepted any amounts
which are deemed to be deposits within the meaning of sections 73 to 76 of the Companies
Act and the rules made thereunder, to the extent applicable. Accordingly, the requirement to
report on clause 3(v) of the order is not applicable to the Company.
(v)
We have broadly reviewed the books of account maintained by the Company pursuant to the
rules made by the Central Governmentfor the maintenance of cost records under section
148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, related to the manufacture of its products, and are of the
opinion that prima facie, the specified accounts and records have been made and maintained.
We have not, however, made a detailed examination of the same.
(vi)
(a) The Company does not have any liability in respect of Service tax, Duty of excise, Sales tax
and Value added tax during the year since effective 1 July, 2017, these statutory dues has been
subsumed into GST.
According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination
of the records of the Company, in our opinion amounts deducted / accrued in the books of
account in respect of undisputed statutory dues including Goods and Service Tax, Provident
Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income-Tax, Duty of Customs or Cess and other statutory
dues have generally been regularly deposited with the appropriate authorities.
According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination
of the records of the Company, no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and
Service Tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income-Tax, Duty of Customs or Cess
and other statutory dues were in arrears as at 31 March 2024, for a period of more than six
months from the date they become payable.
(vii)
[[PAGE 90]]
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us, there are no statutory dues
relating to Goods and Service Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State Insurance, Income-Tax,
Duty of Customs or Cess or other statutory dues which have not been deposited on account of
any dispute.
According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination
of the records of the Company, the Company has not surrendered or disclosed any transaction,
previously unrecorded as income in the books of account, in the tax assessments under the
Income Tax Act, 1961 as income during the year. Accordingly, the requirement to report on
clause 3(viii)of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(viii)
(a) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our
examination of the records of the Company, the Company has not defaulted in repayment of
loans and borrowing or in the payment of interest thereon to any lender.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our
examination of the records of the Company, the Company has not been declared willful
defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or government authority.
(c) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our
examination of the records of the Company, term loans were applied for the purpose for which
the loans were obtained.
(d) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our
examination of the records of the Company, and on an overall examination of the financial
statements of the Company, we report that no funds raised on short-term basis have been
used for long-term purposes by the Company.
(e) According to the information and explanations given to us and on an overall examination of
the standalone financial statements of the Company, we report that the Company has not
taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its
subsidiaries as defined under the Act. The Company does not hold any investment in any
associate or joint venture (as defined under the Act) during the year ended 31st March, 2024.
(f) According to the information and explanations given to us and procedures performed by us,
we report that the Company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities
held in its subsidiaries (as defined under the Act). The Company does not hold any investment
in any associate or joint venture (as defined under the Act).
(ix)
(a) The Company has not raised any moneys by way of initial public offer or further public offer
(including debt instruments). Accordingly, clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our
examination of the records of the Company, the Company has made preferential allotment /
private placement of 35,00,100 fully paid-up equity shares and 31,50,000 Equity Warrants during
the year. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the
company has utilized funds raised by way of preferential allotment or private placement of
Equity Shares / Equity Warrants for the purposes for which they were raised. Also, the Company
has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares (partially or optionally)
convertible debentures during the year.
(x)
(a) Based on examination of the books and records of the Company and according to the
information and explanations given to us, considering the principles of materiality outlined in
Standards of Auditing, we report no fraud by the Company or on the Company has been
noticed or reported during the course of the audit our audit.
(b) According to the information and explanations given to us including the representation
made to us by the management of the Company, no report under sub-section (12) of section
143 of the Act has been filed by the auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under Rule 13 of
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, with the Central Government.
(c) According to the information and explanations given to us including the representation
made to us by the management of the Company, there are no whistle blower complaints
received by the Company during the year.
(xi)
According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi
Company. Accordingly, clause 3(xii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xii)
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the
transactions with related parties in compliance with the provisions of Sections 177 and 188 of
the Act, where applicable, and the details of the related party transactions have been
disclosed in the notes to the standalone financial statements, as required by the applicable
accounting standards.
(xiii)
(a) Based on information and explanations provided to us and our audit procedures, in our
opinion, the Company has an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature
of its business.
(b) We have considered the internal audit reports of the Company issued till the date for the
period under audit.
(xiv)
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 144VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED143
(a) The Company is not required to be registered under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of
India Act, 1934. Accordingly, clause (xvi)(a) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(b) The Company is not required to be registered under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of
India Act, 1934. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(b) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(c) The Company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) as defined in the regulations made
by Reserve Bank of India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(c) of the Order is not applicable to the
Company.
(d) According to the information and explanations provided to us, the Group (as per the
provisions of the Core Investment Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) does not have
any CIC as part of the Group.
(xvi)
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company
has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its directors or persons connected with
its directors and hence requirement to report on clause 3(xv) of the Order is not applicable to
the Company.
(xv)
[[PAGE 91]]
According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of the financial
ratios, ageing and expected dates of realization of financial assets and payment of financial
liabilities, our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans and based on our
examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention,
which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit
report that Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance
sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We,
however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company. We
further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we
neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of
one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and when they
fall due.
(a) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, there is no
unspent amount under sub-section (5) of Section 135 of the Act pursuant to any project other
than ongoing projects. Accordingly, clause 3(xx)(a) of the Order is not applicable.
(b) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, there is no
unspent amount under sub-section (5) of Section 135 of the Act pursuant to ongoing projects.
Accordingly, clause 3(xx)(b) of the Order is not applicable.
Also refer to the other information paragraph of our main audit report which explains that the
other information comprising the information included in Company’s annual report is
expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.
(xix)
(xx)
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No: 121597
UDIN: 24121597BKGVDC6185
Place: Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
For Jain Chhajed & Associates,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 127911W
The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current financial year. The Company has not
incurred cash losses in the immediately preceding financial year.
(xvii)
There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year. Accordingly, clause
3(xviii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xviii)
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 146VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED145
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of Virtuoso
Optoelectronics Limited (“the Company”) as of March 31, 2024 in conjunction with our audit of the
standalone financial statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.
The Company’s Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for establishing and
maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal controls with reference to financial
statements criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal
control stated in the Guidance Note. These responsibilities include the design, implementation
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the Company’s
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable
financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with
reference to financial statements and such internal financial controls were operating effectively as
at 31st March 2024, based on the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements
criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note”). 
Opinion
Management’s and Board of Directors’ Responsibilities for Internal Financial Controls
ANNEXURE “B”
Report on the Standalone Financial Statements of Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited for the year
ended 31 March 2024
Report on the internal financial controls with reference to the aforesaid standalone financial statements under
Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act.
(Referred to in paragraph 2(A)(f) under ’Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report
of even date)
To The Independent Auditors
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls over
financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the Standards on Auditing prescribed
under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls.
Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal
financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls
operated effectively in all material respects.
Auditor’s Responsibility
[[PAGE 92]]
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our audit opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the
internal financial controls system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our
audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of
internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment
of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
A company’s internal financial controls with reference to financial statements is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company’s internal financial controls with reference to financial statements include
those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with Reference to Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls,
material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of
any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are
subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial reporting may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Standalone Financial
Statements
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner
Membership No: 121597
UDIN:
24121597BKGVDC6185
Place: Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
For Jain Chhajed & Associates,
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 127911W
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 148VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED147
Sr.
No.    Particulars Note
No
 As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
1 Shareholders’ Funds
(a) Share Capital 3 2,633.88 2,283.87
(b) Reserves and Surplus 4 16,312.32 7,081.16
(c) Money Received against Share Warrants 5 2,008.91 -
 Total Equity 20,955.11 9,365.03
 2 Share Application Money pending allotment - -
 3 Non-Current Liabilities
(a) Long-Term Borrowings 6 6,040.74 4,093.88
(b) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net) 7 480.54 313.09
(c) Other Long Term Liabilities - -
(d) Long Term Provisions 8 50.00 9.88
 Total Non-Current Liabilities                6,571.28 4,416.84
 4 Current Liabilities
(a) Short-Term Borrowings 9 7,456.09 4,721.17
(b) Trade Payables 10
Total Outstanding Dues of Micro Enterprises & Small
Enterprises (MSME) 245.00 206.64
Total Outstanding Dues of Creditors other than Micro
Enterprises & Small Enterprises 9,579.69 8,484.32
(c) Other Current Liabilities - -
(d) Short Term Provisions 11 714.71 455.77
 Total Current Liabilities 17,995.49 13,867.89
ASSETS
1 Non-Current Assets
(a) Property, Plant & Equipment and Intangible Assets 12
     (i) Property, Plant & Equipment 13,015.47 8,847.26
     (ii) Other Intangible Assets - -
     (iii) Capital Work-in-Progress 689.13 600.42
     (iv) Intangible Assets under Development - -
(c) Non-Current Investments 13 991.24 1,022.92
(d) Deferred Tax Assets(Net) - -
(e) Long-Term Loans & Advances - -
(f) Other Non-Current Assets 14 276.23 73.52
 Total Non-Current Assets 14,972.07 10,544.12
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
CIN -  L74999MH2015PLC268355
STANDALONE BALANCE SHEET AS ON MARCH 31, 2024
(₹ in Lakhs)
[[PAGE 93]]
3 Current Assets
(a) Current Investments 15 9,033.38 -
(b) Inventories 16 16,475.12 13,842.17
(c) Trade Receivables 17 2,121.56 2,624.09
(d) Cash and Cash Equivalents 18 6.97 32.96
(e) Short-Term Loans & Advances 19 16.02 9.69
(f) Other Current Assets 20 2,896.75 596.74
 Total Current Assets 30,549.80 17,105.64
 Total Assets 45,521.87 27,649.76
 Significant Accounting Policies 1
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
As per our report of even date
For Jain Chhajed & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Vishrut Bharati
Director
DIN : 06818457
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Vibhuti Kulkarni
Company Secretary 
Place : Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
Place : Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner Membership
No. 121597
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 150VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED149
(₹ in Lakhs)
Sr. No.    Particulars Note No
Year Ended 
31st March 2024 31st March 2023
1 Income
(a) Revenue from operations 21 53,108.41 33,726.51
(b) Other Income 22 122.01 80.70
Total Income 53,230.42 33,807.21
2 Expenses
(a) Cost of raw material consumed 23 46,243.61 29,545.30
(b) Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress &stock-in-trade  24 (382.85) (248.85)
(c) Employee Benefits Expenses 25 1,244.95 709.42
(d) Finance costs 26 2,004.93 1,353.95
(e) Depreciation and amortization expense 12 1,826.91 942.89
(f) Other Expenses 27 862.68 375.40
Total Expenses 51,800.23 32,678.12
3 Profit Before Tax (PBT) 1,430.19 1,129.09
4 Tax Expenses:
  (a) Current Tax 250.00 198.00
  (b) Deferred Tax Charge/ (Benefit) 167.45 154.38
   
5 Profit after Tax (PAT) 1,012.73 776.71
Paid up Equity Share Capital(Face Value of Rs. 10/- each) 2,633.88 2,283.87
  Reserves excluding Revaluation Reserves 16,312.32 7,081.16
Earning per Equity Share (EPS)
  (Basic EPS for the period) 32 4.38 4.28
(Diluted EPS for the period) 32 4.30 4.28
 
Significant Accounting Policies  1
As per our report of even date
For Jain Chhajed & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
 CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Vishrut Bharati
Director
DIN : 06818457
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Vibhuti Kulkarni
Company Secretary
Place : Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
Place : Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner Membership
No. 121597
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
CIN -  L74999MH2015PLC268355
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR
THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024
(₹ In Lakhs), Except EPS
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
[[PAGE 94]]
Sr. No.    Particulars
Year Ended 
31st March 2024 31st March 2023
1 Cash Flow from Operating Activities    
  Net profit before tax 1,430.19 1,129.09
  Adjustments for:
  Depreciation  1,826.91 942.89
  Finance Cost 2,004.93 1,353.95
  Interest on Fixed Deposits (90.17) (25.43)
Adjustment in Reserves - Excess Provision for Taxation 1.73 -
  Adjustment of IPO Expenses - Securities Premium - (39.32)
Adjustment of Preferential Issue Expenses  - Securities Premium (362.05) (22.70)
  Operating Profit before Working Capital Changes 4,811.53 3,338.49
  Changes in Working Capital
  (Increase) / Decrease in Trade Receivables 502.53 (1,736.18)
  (Increase) / Decrease in Other Assets (2,509.05) (540.75)
  (Increase) / Decrease in Inventories (2,632.95) (7,511.25)
  Increase / (Decrease) in Trade Payables 1,133.74 5,664.89
  Increase / (Decrease) in Provisions 299.06 21.51
  Cash Generated from / (used in) Operations 1,604.87 (763.29)
  Income Taxes Paid (250.00) (198.00)
  Net Cash Flow / (used in) Operating Activities (A) 1,354.87 (961.29)
2 Cash Flow from Investing Activities
Investments in Property, Plant &Equipment (6,083.84) (5,352.70)
Investments in Subsidiary Company (3.10) -
Investment in Fixed Deposits (8,998.59) (944.54)
  Interest on Fixed Deposits 90.17 25.43
  Net Cash Flow / (used in) Investing Activities (B) (14,995.36) (6,271.81)
3 Cash Flow from Financing Activities
  Proceeds from IPO Issue – BSE SME Platform - 3,024.00
  Proceeds from Preferential Issue –  SME Platform 8,928.76 3,500.00
Proceeds from Share Warrants 2,008.91 -
Proceeds from Borrowings 4,681.78 2,014.79
Payment of Finance Costs (2,004.93) (1,353.95)
  Net Cash Flow / (used in) Financing Activities (C) 13,614.51 7,184.84
  Net Increase / (Decrease) in Cash & Cash Equivalents (A+B+C) (25.98) (48.26)
  Cash & Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year 32.96 81.22
  Cash &Cash Equivalents at the end of the year 6.97 32.96
Cash and Cash Equivalents comprises
Balances with Bank
- On Current / Escrow Accounts 6.02 32.81
- Deposits with original maturity of less than three months - -
- Cash on Hand 0.95 0.15
  Total cash and bank balances at the end of the year 6.97 32.96
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
CIN - L74999MH2015PLC268355
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE
YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 152VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED151
(₹ in Lakhs)
The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the indirect method set out in
Accounting Standard – 3, "Cash Flow Statement" notified under section 133 of the Companies
Act, 2013, whereby profit before tax is adjusted for the effects of transactions of a non-cash
nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future cash receipts or payments.
Cash comprise cash on hand, current accounts and deposits with banks. Cash equivalents are
short term balances (with original maturity of three months or less from the date of
acquisition), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash
and which are subject to insignificant risk of change in value.
As per our report of even date
For Jain Chhajed & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Vishrut Bharati
Director
DIN : 06818457
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Vibhuti Kulkarni
Company Secretary 
Place : Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
Place : Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner Membership
No. 121597

[[PAGE 95]]
Notes To The Financial Statements For The Year Ended 31st
March, 2024
Company Overview(i)
The Company ("Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited", "VOEPL") having CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
is public limited company incorporated and domiciled in India having its registered office at Plot
No.7, MIDC Area, Trimbak Road, Satpur, Nashik – 422007, Maharashtra, India. The Company is
engaged primarily in the in manufacturing, selling and marketing of Consumer Electronics Goods.
The range of products manufactured by the company includes Air Conditioners, Water Heaters and
Lighting. The Company also offers Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) and related products to
its customers. The equity shares of the Company are listed on The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited
(BSE) – SME Platform.
Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies(ii)
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the Accounting
Standards (AS) to comply with the Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 2013 Act”) and the
relevant provisions and amendments, as applicable. The Company follows the mercantile system of
accounting and recognizes income and expenditure on accrual basis to the extent measurable and
where there is certainty of ultimate realization in respect of incomes. Accounting policies not
specifically referred to otherwise, are consistent and in consonance with the generally accepted
accounting policies. 
The financial statements are prepared under the historical cost convention method unless
otherwise specified and presented in Indian Rupee (INR), which is also the company’s functional
currency. All the amounts have been rounded-off to the nearest rupee, unless otherwise indicated.
Estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements and disclosures are
based upon management's evaluation of the relevant facts and circumstances as of the date of the
financial statements.
The financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2024 were approved by the
Board of Directors and authorized for issue on May 28, 2024.
(a) Basis of preparation and measurement :
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non-current as per the Company’s normal
operating cycle. An operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of assets for processing and
their realization in cash or cash equivalents. The Company has identified twelve months as its
operating cycle.
(b)  Operating Cycle :
Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the
Company and the revenue can be reliably measured, regardless of when the payment is being
made. Revenue is measured at the fair value of amount received or receivable.
Sale of goods is recognized when significant risks & rewards of ownership of the goods are
transferred to the buyer, usually on the delivery of goods.
(c)  Revenue Recognition :
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 154VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED153
Service income is recognized as per the terms of contract with customers when the related
services are performed.
Interest income is recognized using time proportionate method.
Other income (including rent, income from sale of scrap, income from claims received, etc.) is
recognized on accrual basis. However, where the ultimate collection of the same is uncertain,
revenue recognition is postponed to the extent of uncertainty.
Dividend income is accounted when right to receive is established.
Government grants are recognized when there is reasonable assurance of compliance with
associated conditions and receipt of the grant. Accordingly, the Company has recognized its
revenue from government grants separately in the income statement under “Other Source of
Revenue – Government Grant and Incentives” to enhance transparency and allow users to assess
the impact on the company's financial performance.
(d)  Property, Plant and Equipment:
Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the
Company and the revenue can be reliably measured, regardless of when the payment is being
made. Revenue is measured at the fair value of amount received or receivable.
If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then
they are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.
Property, plant and equipment are derecognized from financial statements, either on disposal or
when no economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. The gain or losses arising from
disposal of property, plant and equipment are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss in
the year of occurrence.
Assets under construction include the cost of property, plant and equipment that are not ready to
use at the balance sheet date. Advances paid to acquire property; plant and equipment before the
balance sheet date are disclosed under other non-current assets. Assets under construction are not
depreciated as these assets are not yet available for use.
The Company has capitalized R&D costs and is recognized at cost, comprising expenditures
directly attributable to the design and testing of new products or processes. Costs incurred after
technological feasibility is established are capitalized until the product or process is available for
general release.
Recognition and measurement:
[[PAGE 96]]
Depreciable amount for assets is the cost of an asset, or other amount substituted for cost, less its
estimated residual value.
Depreciation / Amortization on property, plant & equipment of the Company has been provided
using the Written Down Value (WDV) method based on the useful life specified in Schedule II to the
Companies Act, 2013. The useful life is as follows:
Assets costing less than INR 5,000 are depreciated at 100% in the year of acquisition.
Assets acquired on lease and leasehold improvements are amortized over the primary period of
the lease on straight line basis.
The estimated useful lives and residual values of the property, plant & equipment and intangible
assets are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate
accounted for on a prospective basis.
The amortization of capitalized R&D costs is provided on a systematic basis over their estimated
useful lives, which typically reflect the period over which the economic benefits from the asset are
expected to be realized. The amortization method applied is generally the straight-line method
unless another method better reflects the pattern of consumption of the economic benefits.
Depreciation and amortization
Subsequent expenditures related to an item of property, plant and equipment are added to its
carrying value only when it is probable that the future economic benefits from the asset will flow
to the Company and cost can be reliably measured. All other repair and maintenance costs are
recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss during the year in which they are incurred.
Subsequent expenditures
An intangible asset shall be recognized if, and only if:
Intangible Assets
Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment. Intangible
assets are amortized over their respective individual estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis,
from the date that they are available for use.
(a) it is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset
will flow to the Company; and
(b) the cost of the asset can be measured reliably.
Class of Asset Useful Life
Factory Building / Leasehold Improvements 30 years
Plant &Machinery 15 years
Electrical Installations 10 years
Furniture & Fixtures 10 years
Tools, Dies & Equipments 10 years
Office Equipments 5 years
Computer Devices, Laptops, etc. 3 years
Servers & Networks 6 years
Motor Vehicles 8 years
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 156VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED155
The carrying values of assets / cash generating units at each balance sheet date are reviewed for
impairment if any indication of impairment exists.
The Company assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is any indication that an asset
may be impaired. If any such indication exists, the Company estimates the recoverable amount of
the asset. If such recoverable amount of the asset or recoverable amount of the cash generating
unit to which the asset belongs is less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount is reduced to
its recoverable amount.
The reduction is treated as an impairment loss and is recognized in the statement of Profit and
Loss. If at the Balance Sheet date there is an indication that if a previously assessed impairment
loss no longer exists, the recoverable amount is reassessed and the asset is reflected at the
recoverable amount.
(e)  Impairment of Assets
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the Company’s functional currency at
exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are
translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date.
Non-monetary items that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign currency are
translated at the exchangerate at the date of the transaction.
Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary
items at rates different from those at which they were translated on initial recognition during the
period or in previous standalone financialstatements are recognised in the standalone statement
of profit and loss in the period in which they arise.
(f)  Foreign currency transactions:
[[PAGE 97]]
Investments, which are readily realizable and intended to be held for not more than one year from
the date on which such investments are made, are classified as current investments. Current
investments are carried in the financial statements at lower of cost and fair value determined on an
individual investment basis.
Investment other than current investments, are classified as long-term investments and are stated
at cost. Provision for diminution in value of Long term investments is made only if such a decline is
other than temporary.
(g)  Investments:
Inventories are valued at cost or market price whichever is less in the case of finished and semi-
finished goods and at cost in case of raw material. Cost comprises of cost of purchase, cost
conversion & other cost for bringing the inventory to present location and condition.
The net realizable value of work-in-progress is determined with reference to the selling prices of
related finished products.
Raw material, components and other supplies held for use in the production of finished
products are not written down below cost except in cases where material prices are declined,
and it is estimated that the cost of finished products will exceed their net realizable value.
Traded goods are valued at cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the
inventories to their present location and condition.
The value of write down and circumstances, if any are disclosed in the notes pertaining to the
inventories. There is no reversal of write down.
(h)  Inventories:
The tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognized in the statement of profit
and loss.
Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the
year and any adjustment to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. It is measured
using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if, the Company:
(i) has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and
(ii) intends either to realize the asset and settle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.
Current Tax 
Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible
temporary differences to the extent there is convincing evidence that sufficient taxable profit will
be available against which such deferred taxasset can be realized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed
at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that itis no longer probable that the related
tax benefit will be realized; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable
profits improves.
Deferred Tax 
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 158VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED157
(i)  Taxes on Income :
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences
when they reverse, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
manner in which the Company expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying
amount of its assets and liabilities.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if:
(i) the Company has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
liabilities; and
(ii) The deferred tax assets and the deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the
same taxation authority on the same taxable entity.
Minimum Alternative Tax (MAT) paid in accordance to the tax laws, which gives rise to future
economic benefits in the form of adjustment of future income tax liability, is considered as an
asset if there is convincing evidence that the Company will pay normal income tax. Accordingly,
MAT is recognized as an asset in the balance sheet when it is probable that the future economic
benefit associated with it will flow to the Company and the asset can be measured reliably.
Minimum Alternative Tax (MAT)
Agreements are classified as finance leases, if substantially all the risks and rewards incidental
to ownership of the leased asset is transferred to the lessee.
Finance Lease
Agreements which are not classified as finance leases are considered as operating lease.
Operating lease payments/income are recognised as an expense/income in the standalone
statement of profit and loss on a straight line basis over the lease term unless there is another
systematic basis which is more representative of the time pattern of the lease.
Operating Lease
(j)  Leases:
Borrowing cost includes interest, amortization of ancillary costs incurred in connection with the
arrangement of borrowings and exchange differences arising from foreign currency borrowings to
the extent they are regarded as an adjustment to the interest cost.
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset
that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are
capitalized as part of the cost of the respective asset. There are no borrowing costs capitalized
during the year.
All other borrowing costs are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.
Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the company has an unconditional right to
differ settlement of liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.
(k)  Borrowing Costs :
[[PAGE 98]]
The disclosures of transactions with related parties, their outstanding balances, terms & conditions,
securities offered and guarantees given are disclosed in Note No. 31. The company has not made
provision for doubtful debts in respect of any of the related parties. The company has not written-
off or written back any amount in respect of above related parties.
(I)  Related Party :
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit / (loss) after tax by the weighted
average number of equityshares outstanding during the year.
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit / (loss) after taxas adjusted for
dividend, interest and other charges to expense or income (net of any attributable taxes) relating to
the dilutive potential equity shares, by the weighted average number of equity shares considered
for deriving basic earnings per share and the weighted average number of equity shares which
could have been issued on conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares.
(m)  Earnings per share :
Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet comprise cash at banks and on hand, demand
deposit and short-term deposits with an original maturity of three months or less, which are
subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and
shorttermdeposits, as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts as they are considered an
integral part of the Company’s cash management.
(n)  Cash and cash equivalents:
The Company recognizes a provision when there is a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a
result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits
will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
obligation.
Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there is a possible obligation arising from past events, the
existence of which will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more
uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Company or a present obligation that
arises from past events where it is either not probable that an outflow of resources will be required
to settle the obligation or a reliable estimate of the amount cannot be made.
Contingent assets are neither recognized nor disclosed in the financial statements.
(o)  Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets :
Dividend to the equity shareholders is recognized as a liability in the Company's financial
statements in the period in which the dividend is approved by the shareholders.
(p)  Dividend :
Where events occurring after the balance sheet date provide evidence of conditions that existed
at the end of thereporting period, the impact of such events is adjusted with the standalone
financial statements. Otherwise, eventsafter the balance sheet date of material size or nature are
only disclosed.
(q)  Events after reporting date :
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to
the chief operating decision maker. The primary operating segment of Company is business
segment. Since majority of the assets are located at single place and are of common nature,
management has decided not to bifurcate the same into segment wise assets & liabilities.
The Geographic Segments identified, as Secondary Segment are “Domestic Market” and “Export
Market”.
(r)  Segment Reporting :
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 160VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED159
The Cash Flow statement is prepared by indirect method set out in AS 3 - “Cash Flow Statements”
and present cash flows by operating, investing and financing activities of the Company.
(s)  Cash Flow Statement :
A receivable is classified as a ‘trade receivable’ if it is in respect of the amount due on account of
goods sold or services rendered in the normal course of business.
The management is authorized, whenever required, to execute / transfer / assign Company’s right
to claim on its trade receivables in favor of its trade payables to avoid getting stuck in debt
recovery loop and affect its operations, by executing proper documentation to that effect in favor
of its trade payables / creditors. Consequently, amount of trade receivables is reduced to such
extent of debts which are assigned in favor of creditors.
(t)  Trade Receivables :
These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company prior to the
end of financial year which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are presented as current
liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after reporting period. For trade and other
payables maturing within one year from the balance sheet date, the carrying amounts
approximate fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments.
The management of the company, whenever required, can execute and transfer its right to claim
on its trade receivables in favor of its trade payables to avoid financial crunch and getting stuck in
trade payable payment pressure and affect its operations, by executing proper documentation to
that effect in favor of its trade payables / creditors. Consequently, amount of trade payable is
reduced to such extent of debts which are assigned in their favor.
(u)  Trade and other payables :
[[PAGE 99]]
The Authorized Share Capital of the Company was increased from Rs.26,00,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty Six Crores
Only) divided into 2,60,00,000 (Two Crores Sixty Lakhs) Equity Shares of Rs.10/- (Rupees Ten Only) each to
Rs.35,00,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty Five Crores only) divided into 3,50,00,000 (Three Crores Fifty Lakhs) Equity Shares
of Rs.10/- (Rupees Two Only) each and consequential alteration in the Memorandum of Association of the Company
as approved by the shareholders by means of Postal Ballot through electronic means, on February 3, 2024.
Footnote
(a) Reconciliation of number of shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
Note 3 : Share Capital
Expenses related to ESOPs are recognized based on the fair value of options granted to employees
over the vesting period. Fair value is determined using appropriate valuation techniques and is
certified by the Registered Valuer.
Management is required to make estimates regarding employee turnover and the likelihood of
option exercise. These estimates are based on historical data, industry trends, and management's
judgment. However, actual employee turnover and option exercise may differ from these
estimates, leading to adjustments in subsequent periods.
(v)  Employee Stock Options Plan :
The Company allocates CSR expenditure based on the nature of the initiatives undertaken during
the financial year. Expenditure is categorized and disclosed accordingly to provide transparency on
the utilization of resources.
The Company periodically evaluates the impact of its CSR activities to assess their effectiveness in
achieving the desired social and environmental objectives. Key performance indicators are utilized
to measure and monitor the outcomes of CSR initiatives.
(w)  CSR Expenditure :
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
CIN - L74999MH2015PLC268355
Notes forming integral part of the Financial Statements for the
year ended 31st March, 2024
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Authorised Capital    
3,50,00,000 (Previous year : 2,60,00,000) Equity Shares of
Rs.10/- each 3,500.00  2,600.00 
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Capital  
2,63,38,756 (Previous year : 2,28,38,656) Equity Shares of
Rs.10/- each fully paid up 2,633.88 2,283.87
Total 2,633.88 2,283.87
Particulars
As at 31st March,2024 As at 31st March, 2023
Number of
Equity Shares
Share
Capital
Number of Equity
Shares
Share
Capital
Outstanding at the beginning of
the year 2,28,38,656 2,283.87 1,49,82,512 1498.25
Add : Fresh issue(IPO) during the
year - - 54,00,000 540.00
Add : Preferential issue during the
year 35,00,100 350.01 24,56,140 245.61
Outstanding at the end of the
year 2,63,38,756 2,633.88 2,28,38,656 2,283.87
(₹ In Lakhs)
(₹ In Lakhs)
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 162VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED161
[[PAGE 100]]
(c) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares of the aggregate shares of Company
(d) Details of Shares held by Promoters
(b) Terms / Rights attached to equity shares
The Company has only one class of equity shares having a face value of Rs. 10/- Per share. Each
holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share and dividend in Indian rupees, if proposed
by the Board of Directors, which is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing
Annual General Meeting. The Board of Directors have not declared dividend for the year ending 31st
March, 2024.
In the event of liquidation of the company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive
any of the remaining assets of the company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The
distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
Name of the Shareholder
As at 31st March,2024 As at 31st March, 2023
Number of Shares % Number of Shares %
Mr. Sukrit Bharati 1,46,57,059 55.65% 1,46,57,059 64.18%
Mr. Ashish Kacholia 6,81,070 2.59% 12,28,070 5.38%
Bengal Finance & Investment
Private Limited               7,55,070 2.87% 12,28,070 5.38%
Other Shareholders 1,02,45,557 38.90% 57,25,457 25.07%
Total 2,63,38,756 100.00% 2,28,38,656 100.00%
Shares Held by Promoters at the end of the year
% Change in During
the YearPromoter Name No. of 
Shares % of Total Shares
Mr. Sukrit Bharati 1,46,57,059 55.65% -8.53%
Note 4 : Reserves and Surplus
Note 5 : Money Received against Share Warrants
Note 6 : Long-Term Borrowings
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
(a) General Reserves    
Balance at the beginning of the year 1,338.13 561.42
Add: Net Profit / (Net Loss) as per Statement of Profit and
Loss 1,012.73 776.71
Add: Adjustment in Reserves - Income Tax 1.73 -
Closing Balance 2,352.59 1,338.13
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Money received against Share Warrants  
      Issue of Share Warrants 2,008.91 -
Total 2,008.91 -
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Term Loans – Secured from Banks and Financial Institutions
(a) Axis Bank (TL & GECL) 1,373.59 1,625.51
(b) Yes Bank (TL - Equipment Finance) 200.10 263.03
(c) Mahindra Finance (TL) 940.01 1,229.00
(d) SIDBI (TL) 725.60 736.52
(e) HDFC Bank (TL & GECL) 2,253.95 615.60
(f) ICICI Bank (TL) 816.30 652.10
(g) Tata Capital Finance (TL) - 174.96
(₹ In Lakhs)
(₹ In Lakhs)
(₹ In Lakhs)
(a)The company has issued fresh equity shares - 35,00,100 on preferential basis at Rs. 255.10/- per share, including
securities premium of Rs. 245.10/- per share.
(b)Expenses related to preferential issue were adjusted against the securities premium.
Footnote
(a)The company has issued 31,50,000 Equity Warrants convertible into same number of equity shares at a price of
Rs.255.10/- per Share Warrant (including a share premium of Rs.245.10/- per Share Warrant), of which Rs.63.775/- per
warrant, i.e., 25% of Rs.255.10/- was received.
Footnote
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
(b) Securities Premium
Balance at the beginning of the year 5,743.03 66.67
Less: Balance utilised on issue of bonus shares - -
Add: Securities premium on shares issued during the year
(IPO) - 2,484.00
Add: Securities premium on shares issued during the year
(Preferential Issue) 8,578.75 3,254.39
Less: Adjustment of IPO Expenses - (39.32)
Less: Adjustment of Preferential Issue Expenses (362.05) (22.70)
Closing Balance 13,959.73 5,743.03
Balance at the end of the year 16,312.32 7,081.16
(₹ In Lakhs)
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 164VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED163
As per the records of the company, including its register of shareholders / members and other
declarations received from the shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above shareholding
represents both legal and beneficial ownership of shares.
[[PAGE 101]]
(a) The company has availed term loans / GECL loans from various Banks for the investments in Property, Plant and
Equipment. The rate of interest varies from 7.70% p.a. to 9.60% p.a. These loans are secured by way of:
Footnote
(i) Hypothecation & Exclusive Charge of Plant and Machinery procured out of term loans;
(ii) Pari passu / Second pari passu charge on current assets for both present and future;
(iii) Equitable mortgage of leasehold rights of industrial property bearing Plot No. 7 situated in MIDC
Satpur, Nashik owned by M/s Filaments & Filaments;
(iv) Guarantee given by National Credit Guarantee Trustee Company (NCGTC) and extension of charge
on current assets for GECL Term Loans;
(v) Equitable mortgage of industrial property bearing No. 203/1 & 205/2 situated in Badasaly Village,
Madhya Pradesh owned by M/s Luma Lamp Private Limited
(vi) First Charge / Second pari passu charge on industrial property bearing No. 64-B-1 situated in MIDC
Satpur Nashik owned by M/s Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited;
(vii) Unconditional and Irrecoverable Personal Guarantee of Managing Director;
(viii) Corporate Guarantee of Associate Concerns / Property Owners - M/s Filament & Filaments & M/s
Luma Lamps Private Limited;
(ix) Lien on Fixed Deposits with the Banks / Financial Institutions;
(x) Hypothecation of Vehicles purchased out of Auto Loan;
(a) The company has availed cash credit loan from the Axis / HDFC & ICICI Banks. As per sanction letter, rate of
interest is in the range of 9.15% p.a. to 9.60% p.a. and these limits are secured by way of:
(b) The company has utilized the borrowings from the Banks for the specific purpose for which the same is taken.
Footnote
(i) Primary Security of hypothecation of Stocks, Book Debts;
(ii) Charge on all existing and future current assets; 
(iii) Equitable mortgage of leasehold rights of industrial property bearing on Plot No. 7 situated in MIDC
Satpur Nashik owned by M/s Filaments & Filaments;
(iv) Industrial property bearing No. 203/1 & 205/2 situated in Badasaly Village, MP owned by M/s Luma
Lamp Private Limited;
(v) Personal / Corporate Guarantee of Directors and Associate Concerns;
(vi) Equitable mortgage of leasehold rights of industrial property bearing on No. F-108 situated in MIDC
Satpur, Nashik owned by M/s Reprolite Papers (India) Private Limited;
(vii) Paripassu charge on Industrial property bearing No. 64-B-1 situated in MIDC Satpur Nashik owned
by M/s Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited (collateral security).
(a) The above figures of Trade Payables are shown as net of advances paid to the local / foreign suppliers.
(b) The average credit period on purchases is 1 to 6 months.
(c) The above includes payables to related parties. Refer Note 31 for more details.
(d) Kindly refer Note No. 2(u) of the Significant Accounting Policies regarding trade payables.
(e) Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as certified by the management is provided as follows:
Footnote
Note 7 : Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
Note 9 : Short-Term Borrowings
Note 10 : Trade Payables
Note 8 :  Long Term Provisions
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
Opening Balance 313.09 158.71
Add: DTL arising on account of temporary differences 167.45 154.38
Closing Balance 480.54 313.09
Total 480.54 313.09
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Secured from Banks
(a) Axis Bank  - Cash Credit Limit 2,029.46 1,681.29
(b) Axis Bank Limited (PO - Finance) (0.66) 1.82
(c) HDFC Bank Limited (PO - Finance) 13.26 0.00
(d) ICICI Bank - Cash Credit Limit 1,661.56 153.91
(e) HDFC Bank - Cash Credit Limit 1,988.94 1,681.29
Short Term Borrowings - Unsecured
(i) From Other Parties - Repayable on Demand - -
Short Term Maturities of Long Term Debts 1,763.53 1,202.85
Total 7,456.09 4,721.17
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Trade Payables
Other than due to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises 9,579.69 8,484.32
Amount due to Micro, Small & Medium Enterprise (MSME) 245.00 206.64
Total  9,824.69 8,690.96
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Provision of Employee Benefit Expenses
  Provision for Gratuity 20.20 9.88
  Deferred Employee Compensation Expenses 29.80 -
Total 50.00 9.88
(₹ In Lakhs)
(₹ In Lakhs)
(₹ In Lakhs)
(₹ In Lakhs)
(a) The provision for Gratuity is a non-fund based provision and is made on the basis of Actuarial Report.
Footnote
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
(h) Union Bank (TL) 913.25 -
(i) Siemens Finance (TL) 581.46 -
Less: Short Term Maturities of Long Term Debts (1,763.53) (1,202.85)
Total 6,040.74 4,093.88
(₹ In Lakhs)
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 166VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED165
[[PAGE 102]]
Particulars Not Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date
of payment
Total
Less than 1
year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
i) MSME 154.95 90.05 - - - 245.00
ii) Others 8,488.77 1,090.92 - - - 9,579.69
iii) Disputed Dues - MSME - - - - - -
iv) Disputed Dues -Others - - - - - -
Total 8,643.72 1,180.97 - - - 9,824.69
Particulars Not Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date
of payment
Total
Less than 1
year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
i) MSME 197.89 8.75 - - - 206.64
ii) Others 7,205.96 1,278.36 - - - 8,484.32
iii) Disputed Dues - MSME - - - - - -
iv) Disputed Dues -Others - - - - - -
Total 7,403.85 1,287.11 - - - 8,690.96
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
(a) Statutory dues payable
GST Payable 140.75 -
TDS Payable 61.17 31.14
TCS Payable 1.96 1.90
Professional Tax Payable 0.38 0.26
PF Payable 2.24 3.58
ESIC Payable 0.31 0.30
Provision for Income Tax 250.00 199.01
(b) Other Provisions
Salary and Bonus Payable 91.77 57.77
Rent Payable 32.17 7.50
Provisions for Gratuity - 1.25
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Provisions for Leave Encashment 3.77 3.48
Audit Fees Payable 14.00 13.05
Electricity Charges Payable 45.43 21.23
Jobwork & Labour Expenses Payable 33.70 83.43
Security Service Expense Payable 4.13 3.23
Telephone Charges Payable 0.21 0.16
Provision for Expenses 32.72 28.51
Total 714.71 455.77
Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as on March 31, 2024
Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as on March 31, 2023
(₹ In Lakhs)
(₹ In Lakhs)
Note 11 : Short Term Provisions (₹ In Lakhs)
(₹ In Lakhs)
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 168VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED167
[[PAGE 103]]
Note 12 : Property, Plant & Equipment
Sr.
No. Particulars
 GROSS CARRYING AMOUNT  DEPRECIATION  NET CARRYING AMOUNT 
 As at 
April 1, 2023 
Additions during the
year 
Deletions during the
year  As at March 31, 2024  As at 
April 1, 2023 
Additions during the
year 
Deletions during the
year  As at March 31, 2024 As at 
March 31, 2024
 As at 
March 31, 2023 
A Tangible Assets                  
1 Land at Satpur MIDC 157.00 - - 157.00 - - - - 157.00 157.00
2 Factory Building - Satpur 971.28 7.72 - 979.00 148.65 78.16 - 226.82 752.19 822.63
3 Factory Building – Janori (Leasehold
Improvements) 140.36 - - 140.36 21.23 11.32 - 32.54 107.82 119.13
4 Plant and Machinery 7,209.02 5,500.09 - 12,709.11 1,262.33 1,248.89 - 2,511.22 10,197.89 5,946.69
5 Tools, Dies &Equipment 561.00 83.68 - 644.48 290.54 70.97 - 361.51 283.17 270.46
6 Research & Development Tools 217.55 288.89 - 506.45  6.05 55.17 - 61.22 445.23 211.51
7 Electrical Installations 1,139.35 20.65 1,160.00 49.65 282.37 - 332.03 827.98 1,089.70
8 Furniture & Fixtures 290.31 10.68 - 300.99 86.50 52.78 - 139.28 161.71 203.80
9 Office Equipments 2.62 1.39 - 4.00 1.81 0.37 - 2.17 1.83 0.81
10 Computer Devices, Laptops, etc. 30.96 16.81 - 47.78 20.82 9.21 - 30.03 17.74 10.14
11 Servers & Networks 1.22 2.39 - 3.61 0.03 1.09 - 1.11 2.50 1.20
12 Motor Vehicles 14.40 62.82 - 77.22 0.21 16.58 - 16.79 60.43 14.19
  Total 10,735.08 5,995.13 - 16,730.20 1,887.82 1,826.91 - 3,714.73 13,015.47 8,847.26
  (Previous Year) 5,982.80 4,752.28 - 10,735.08 944.93 942.89 - 1,887.82 8,847.26 5,037.87
B Capital Work-in-Progress
1 Plant & Machinery 600.42 689.13 600.42 689.13 - - - - 689.13 600.42
  Total 600.42 689.13 600.42 689.13 - - - - 689.13 600.42
  (Previous Year) - - 600.42 - - - - - 600.42 -
(₹  In Lakhs)
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 170VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED169
[[PAGE 104]]
(a) Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost net of depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
The cost comprises purchase price, borrowing costs (if capitalization criteria are met) and directly attributable costs
of bringing the asset to its working condition for the intended use. Any trade discounts are deducted in arriving at
the purchase price.
(b) Any subsequent expenditure incurred is treated as capital expenditure, if the same tends to increase the
efficiency of the asset, otherwise is charged to Profit and Loss account.
(c) The title deeds of immovable properties (other than properties where the Company is a lessee and the lease
arrangements are duly executed in the favor of the lessee) are held in the name of the Company.
(d) Ageing Schedule:
Footnote
All the upcoming projects of the Company are within the timelines as estimated during the original
plan and the actual cost of projects are within the total cost as estimated by the management of the
Company as at the Balance Sheet date.
Capital work in progress (CWIP) Ageing Schedule as at March 31, 2024
Capital work in progress (CWIP) Ageing Schedule as at March 31, 2023
Intangible Assets under Development aging schedule as on March 31, 2024
Intangible Assets under Development aging schedule as on March 31, 2023
CWIP
Amount of CWIP for a period of Total as on 
March 31, 2023Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
i) Projects in Progress 689.13 - - - 689.13
ii) Projects temporarily
suspended - - - -
CWIP
Amount of CWIP for a period of Total as on 
March 31, 2022Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
i) Projects in Progress 600.42 - - - -
ii) Projects temporarily
suspended - - - - -
Intangible Assets
under Development
Amount of Intangible Assets under development for a period of Total as on 
March 31, 2023Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
i) Projects in Progress - - - - -
ii) Projects temporarily
suspended - - - - -
Intangible Assets
under Development
Amount of Intangible Assets under development for a period of Total as on 
March 31, 2022Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years
i) Projects in Progress - - - - -
ii) Projects temporarily
suspended - - - - -
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 172VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED171
Note 13 : Non-Current Investments
Note 14 : Other Non-Current Assets
Note 15 : Current Investments
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Investment in Fixed Deposits    
Fixed Deposit with Banks and Financial Institutions 935.17 1,011.15
Accrued Interest on Fixed Deposit 52.97 11.77
Investments in Shares
Investment in YLP Solutions Private Limited (51%) 3.10 -
10.200 Shares (Previous Year : NIL)
Total 991.24 1,022.92
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Security Deposits
Deposit for Government Tender 102.11 60.00
Gas Connection Deposit 0.25 0.25
MSEDCL Deposit – Factory 55.51 13.10
Security Rent Deposit 118.18 -
BSNL Telephone Deposit 0.17 0.17
Total 276.23 73.52
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Investments in Fixed Deposits
Fixed Deposit with Banks (Short Term) 9,033.38 -
Accrued Interest on Fixed Deposit - -
Total 9,033.38 -
(a) Investments in Fixed Deposits are provided as security (lien) against the finance obtained from banks and
financial institutions.
(b) The Company has acquired 51% stake of YLP Solutions Private Limited and the acquisition completed on
September 7, 2023. Accordingly, the YLP Solutions Private Limited became subsidiary of the Company
Footnote
(a) Deposit paid to Municipal Commissioner - Punchkulla (Haryana) was against LED Street Lighting Contract
awarded to the Company. This contract has been revoked by the Haryana State Government and the company has
filed with MSME Samadhan Platform and District Court, Nashik for compensation.
Footnote
(a) Investments in fixed deposits are from the proceeds of preferential issue of Equity Shares and Equity Share
Warrants deployed on short term basis.
Footnote
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
[[PAGE 105]]
Note 16 : Inventories
Note 17 : Trade Receivables
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Inventories (lower of cost or net realisable value)
Raw Materials 15,359.80 13,109.70
Work-in-progress  706.42 253.00
Finished Goods 408.89 479.47
Total 16,475.12 13,842.17
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Unsecured and Considered good
Trade Receivables for supply of goods and services 2,121.56 2,624.09
Total 2,121.56 2,624.09
(a) Method of valuation of inventories is stated in Note 2 (h) of Significant Accounting Policies.
Footnote
(a) The above figures of Trade Receivables are shown as net of advances / raw material received from the customers.
(b) The above includes receivables from related parties. Refer Note 31 for more details
(c) Kindly refer Note No. 2(t) of the Significant Accounting Policies regarding trade receivables.
Footnote
Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule as at 31st March 2024
Particulars Not
Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
TotalLess than 6
months
6 months -  1
year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3
years
i)  Undisputed  Trade 
receivables  –  considered good 1,868.07 248.48 - 5.00 - - 2,121.56
ii)   Undisputed   Trade  
Receivables   –   which have
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
iii)   Undisputed   Trade  
Receivables   –   credit impaired - - - - - - -
iv)  Disputed  Trade  Receivables 
–  considered good - - - - - - -
v)  Disputed  Trade  Receivables 
–  which  have significant
increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
vi)    Disputed    Trade   
Receivables    –    credit impaired - - - - - - -
Total 1,868.07 248.48 - 5.00 - - 2,121.56
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 174VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED173
Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule as at 31st March 2023
Particulars Not
Due
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
TotalLess than 6
months
6 months -  1
year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3
years
i)  Undisputed  Trade 
receivables  –  considered good 2,521.69  77.56 24.84 - - - 2,624.09
ii)   Undisputed   Trade  
Receivables   –   which have
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
iii)   Undisputed   Trade  
Receivables   –   credit impaired - - - - - - -
iv)  Disputed  Trade  Receivables 
–  considered good - - - - - - -
v)  Disputed  Trade  Receivables 
–  which  have significant
increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
vi)    Disputed    Trade   
Receivables    –    credit impaired - - - - - - -
Total 2,521.69  77.56 24.84 - - - 2,624.09
Note 18 : Cash and Cash Equivalents
Note 19 : Short Term Loans & Advances
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Balances with Banks    
     In Current and Deposit Accounts 6.02 26.36
     In Escrow Accounts - 6.45
Cheques on Hand - -
Cash in Hand 0.95 0.15
Total 6.97 32.96
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Other Advances
Advance to Staff 16.02 9.69
Total 16.02 9.69
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
[[PAGE 106]]
Note 20 : Other Current Assets
Note 21 : Revenue from Operations
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Balance with Revenue Authorities
TDS Receivables 41.30 21.02
TCS Receivables 1.24 0.72
GST Receivables (Excess ITC) - 1.01
Advance Tax 325.00 150.00
Custom Duty Receivables 0.16 0.80
Export Duty Receivable 0.36 -
Government Grants and Incentives Receivables 2,243.22 286.16
Other Assets
TDS Receivable - NBFC 5.14 5.63
Prepaid Insurance 31.06 38.80
Reimbursement of Stipend Claim (Govt. Scheme) 11.81 17.12
Prepaid Expenses 76.77 9.28
Prepaid Interest on SID/PO Facilities - 66.20
Preliminary / Preoperative Expenses 160.69 -
Total 2,896.75 596.74
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Sale of Products & Services    
Sale of Lighting, Consumer Durables, etc. 51,138.22 33,439.69
Service Income 13.13 0.66
Other Sources of Revenue
Government Grant and Incentives 1,957.06 286.16
Total 53,108.41 33,726.51
(a) Government Grants & Incentives Receivable includes the subsidy receivable from the Government of
Maharashtra under the Electronics Policy, 2016 and from the PLI Scheme of Central Government.
(b) Pre-operative expenses include expenditure incurred on the new plants located at Mohadi (Plant F) & Vilholi
(Plant D), where commercial operations have not yet started. Both the new plants will be operational in the next
financial year.
Footnote
(a) Government Grants & Incentives includes the subsidy receivable from the Government of Maharashtra under the
Electronics Policy, 2016 and from the PLI Scheme of Central Government.
Footnote
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 176VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED175
Note 22 : Other Income
Note 23 : Cost of raw materials consumed
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Other Income
Interest on Fixed Deposit 90.17 25.43
Foreign Exchange Gain 25.04 52.03
Discount Received - 1.98
Misc. Income – Liabilities not Payable 6.43 1.26
Export Duty Drawback 0.36 -
Total 122.01 80.70
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Raw material consumed
Inventory at the beginning of the year 13,109.70 5,847.30
Add: Purchases during the year : Indigenous 43,365.91 31,184.44
Add: Purchases during the year : Imports 2,997.68 4,148.29
Add: Other Manufacturing Costs/Cost of Production (Footnote–b) 2,130.12 1,474.97
Less: Inventory at the end of the year (15,359.80) (13,109.70)
Total  46,243.61 29,545.30
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Other Manufacturing Cost / Cost of Production
Freight Inward 212.16 137.69
Conversion Cost – Manufacturing 1,056.93 531.09
Electricity & Fuel Charges 387.54 174.74
Customs Duty 384.22 400.07
Clearing & Forwarding Expenses 73.92 221.45
Loading & Unloading Charges 12.25 2.96
Packing & Water Charges 0.22 0.36
Tooling Cost 2.88 6.61
Total 2,130.12 1,474.97
(a) Above purchase figures are shown as net of rate differences, Debit Notes issued for defective materials and
warranty claims.
(b) Other Manufacturing Cost / Cost of Production:
Footnote
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
[[PAGE 107]]
Changes in Inventory of Finished Goods, Work-in-Progress
and Stock-in-Trade
Note 25 :  Employee Benefit Expenses
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Inventories at the beginning of the year  
Work-in progress 253.00 -
Finished goods 479.47 483.63
Sub-Total 732.47 483.63
 
Inventories at the end of the year
Work-in progress 408.89 253.00
Finished goods 706.42 479.47
Sub-Total 1,115.32 732.47
 
(Increase)/Decrease in Inventories (382.85) (248.85)
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Employee Benefit Expenses
Salaries, Wages, Bonus and Other Allowances 752.85 473.90
Directors' Remuneration 36.00 30.00
Stipend Expenses - Internship 289.07 154.93
Contribution to provident fund 26.19 17.79
Contribution to ESIC fund 2.88 2.56
MLWF Establishment Contribution (ERC) 0.15 -
Expenses for Gratuity 9.56 2.57
Expenses for Leave Encashment 4.50 4.93
Staff Welfare Expenses 91.77 21.23
Education, Training and Development 2.18 1.51
Employee Compensation Expenses - ESOP 29.80 -
Total 1,244.95 709.42
(a) The Company has granted 2,59,140 options exercisable under Employee Stock Option Plan / Scheme -2023.
Accordingly, ESOP - Employee Compensation Expenses booked for the year.
(b) Kindly refer Note No. 2(v) of the Significant Accounting Policies regarding Employee Stock Options Plan.
Footnote
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 178VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED177
Note 26 : Finance Cost
Note 27 : Other Expenses
Note 27(a) : Details of Payments to Auditors
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Finance Cost
Interest on Loan 1,863.98 1,190.48
Other Borrowing Costs 140.96 163.47
Total 2,004.93 1,353.95
PARTICULARS  AS AT 
31ST MARCH 2024
AS AT 
31ST MARCH 2023
As Auditor:
Statutory Audit Fees 8.00 4.50
Tax Audit Fees 2.00 1.50
In Other Capacities  
Professional Fees 1.98 2.75
Total 11.98 8.75
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Other Expenses
Payment to Auditors 10.00 6.00
Printing & Stationery 9.12 0.73
Professional & Legal Fees 81.84 40.08
Rent, Rates & Taxes 523.66 213.44
Office Expenses 7.08 9.80
Freight Outward 6.81 4.50
Income Tax & Interest Payment (Dues) 5.62 14.07
Insurance Charges 46.23 13.51
Telephone Expenses 6.08 2.53
Travelling Expenses 66.80 31.03
Sales Promotion Expenses 24.44 17.54
Repairs & Maintenance 4.43 3.87
Security Service Charge 45.47 18.30
Cleaning & Utility Expense 10.32 -
CSR Expenditure 13.18 -
Directors' Sitting Fees 1.60 -
Total 862.68 375.40
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
Note 24 : 
[[PAGE 108]]
Note 28 : Employee Benefit Obligations
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Expense recognized in the statement of Profit and Loss    
Interest Cost 0.83  0.76
Current Service Cost 7.66 5.03
Past Service Cost - -
Expected return on plan assets - -
Net Actuarial Gain/(Loss) recognized in the period 0.58 (5.17)
Expenses to be recognized in P&L 9.07 0.63
Reconciliation of liability recognized in balance sheet
Present value of the obligation at the beginning of the period 11.12 10.50
Expenses to be recognized in P&L 9.07 0.63
Benefit paid (if any) - -
Present value of the obligation at the end of the period 20.20 11.12
Liability recognized in Balance Sheet
Present value of the obligation at the end of the period 20.20 11.12
Fair value of plan assets at end of period - -
Net liability / (asset) recognised in the Balance Sheet and related
analysis 20.20 11.12
Funded Status – Surplus/(Deficit) (20.20) (11.12)
Current Liability (Short Term) 1.95 1.25
Non-Current Liability(Long Term) 18.25 9.88
The principal assumptions used in determining gratuity as
shown below:
Discount Rate 7.25% 7.50%
Rate of increase in compensation levels 5.00% 5.00%
Withdrawal Rate 5.00% 5.00%
The disclosure required as per Accounting Standard 15 “Employees Benefit” issued by the Institute
of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and as specified under section 133 of the Companies Act,
2013 read with rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014
28.1 Defined Benefits Plan 
(a) Gratuity Benefits:
Retirement benefits in the form of Gratuity have been valued by an independent actuary as on the
Balance Sheet date. The accrued benefits are projected to the due date and valued prospectively
by applying proper economic and demographic assumptions stated below. The liability is
computed on current salary levels projected to the probable due date using "Projected Unit Credit
(PUC) Method".
The following table summarizes the components of net benefit expenses recognized in respect of
Gratuity:
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 180VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED179
(b) Leave Encashment:
(a) Provident Fund :
The leave obligation covers the Company’s liability for earned leave. The entire amount of the
provision of Rs. 4.50 Lakhs (year ended 31/03/2023 4.93 Lakhs) is presented as current, since the
company does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement for these obligations.
The Company contribution towards Provident Fund is paid to the Central Government is debited
to the statement of profit and loss. The amount debited to the statement of profit and loss during
the year was Rs. 26.19 Lakhs (year ended 31/03/2023 Rs. 17.79 Lakhs).
28.2 Defined Benefits Plan 
Note 29 : Other Disclosures (As certified by Management)
Note 30 : Disclosures under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
Development Act, 2006
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Contingent Liabilities - TDS Outstanding Demand - 0.98
Contingent Liabilities - Custom Duty Payable (EPCG Obligations) 624.41 585.00
Corporate Guarantees NIL NIL
Commitments NIL NIL
Value of Imports on CIF Basis 7,585.85 4,870.01
Expenditure in Foreign Currency NIL NIL
Particulars FY 2022-23 FY 2021-22
1. The principal amount and the interest due thereon as at the end of each
accounting year. 90.05 8.75
2. The amount of interest paid along with the amounts of the payment
made to the supplier beyond the appointed day. -- --
3. The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in
making payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day
during the year) but without adding the interest specified under this Act.
-- --
4. The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of
each accounting year. -- --
5. The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the
succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues as above are
actually paid to the small enterprise, for the purpose of disallowance as a
deductible expenditure under section 23.
-- --
(a) Contingent Liabilities is towards Custom Duty amount waived under EPCG Scheme, for import of plant and
machinery. This contingent liability may arise in case the company fails to honor the export obligation in future.
Footnote
The information of MSME creditors has been determined to the extent of such parties identified on
the basis of the information available with the Company regarding the status of parties under the
MSMED Act and has been relied upon by the auditors. Company has not made any provision for
interest to be paid / payable to micro and small enterprises during the year.
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
[[PAGE 109]]
(a) Key Management Personnel (KMP)
Sukrit Bharati - Managing Director1.
Abhinav - Executive Director2.
Sajid Shaikh - CFO3.
CS Vibhuti Kulkarni - Compliance Officer (Appointed on 28/01/2024)4.
CS Hariom Kushwaha - Compliance Officer (Resigned on 27/01/2024)5.
(b) Non-Executive Director
Vishrut Bharati - Non Executive Director1.
Ziral Soni - Independent Director2.
Ila S Bhat - Independent Director3.
Drashti Solanki - Independent Director4.
(c) Relatives of Key Management Personnel
Nikitha Shravan Poddatur1.
Arvind Bharati2.
Ashu Bharati3.
(d) Enterprises over which Key Management Personnel exercise significant influence or control
YLP Solutions Private Limited - Subsidiary Company1.
Swami Shanti Prakash Virtuoso Esco Private Limited2.
Agsure Innovations Private Limited3.
(e) Enterprises over which their relatives exercise significant influence or control
Solarcopyer Limited    1.
Starlite Components Limited    2.
Paragon Plastics Private Limited    3.
Lumalamp Limited4.
Techmark International FZE5.
Starlite Lamp Components Private Limited6.
Note 31: Related Party Disclosures
Particulars
2023-24 2022-23
Transaction
Value for the
year
Closing
Balances 
Transaction
Value for the
year
Closing
Balances 
A) Key Management Personnel
Issue of Share Capital (including Share
Premium) - - - -
(a) Company received intimation from suppliers about their status as 'MSME Supplier' as per 'Micro, Small and Medium
Enterprises Development Act, 2006'.
(b) Company has not made any provision for interest to be paid / payable to micro and small enterprises during the year.
Footnote
A. List of Related Parties and Relationship
B. Transactions with Related Parties during the year
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 182VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED181
Particulars
2023-24 2022-23
Transaction
Value for the
year
Closing
Balances 
Transaction
Value for the
year
Closing
Balances 
Issue of Share Warrants (including share
premium) 382.65 - - -
Director's Remuneration 36.00 - 30.00 -
Unsecured Loans / (Repayments) - - (450.00) -
Salary Expenses - KMP 36.14 2.63 31.78 2.27
B) Relatives of Key Management Personnel
Issue of Share Capital (including share
premium) - - - -
Issue of Share Warrants (including share
premium) 159.44 - - -
C) Transactions with the entities which is
controlled by the Key Management
Personnel -
Issue of Share Capital - - - -
Investment in Subsidiary Shares 3.10 3.10 - -
Sale of Goods / Services 15.79 - - -
Purchase of Goods / Services 94.10 - 57.89 -
D) Transactions with the entities which is
controlled by the Relatives of KMP -
Sale of Goods / Services 87.72 17.16 9.92 -
Purchase of Goods / Services - - - 2.34
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(a)The transactions with the related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arms’ length
transactions.      
(b)No amount has been provided as doubtful debt or advance written off or written back in the year in respect of debts
due from / to above related parties.    
(c)Reimbursement for expenses / payments made by the directors on behalf of the company in the ordinary course of
business is not reported above.
Footnote
[[PAGE 110]]
Note 33: Employee Stock Option Plans (ESOP)
There were no cancellations or modifications to the awards in year ending 31 March, 2024.
Movements during the year : The following table illustrates the number and weighted average
exercise prices (WAEP) of, and movements in, share options during the year
The Company instituted VOEPL Employees Stock Option Plan-2023 (ESOP 2023) for all eligible
employees pursuant to a resolution approved by the shareholders in the Extra-ordinary General
Meeting held on February 24, 2023. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of
the company administers the ESOP 2023 Plan and grants stock options to eligible employees. The
Committee determines which eligible employees will receive options, the number of options to be
granted, the exercise price, the vesting period and the exercise period. The vesting period is
determined for all options issued on the date of grant. Participation in the plan is at the board’s
discretion and no individual has a contractual right to participate in the plan or to receive any
guaranteed benefits.
The company has established VOEPL 2023 Plan with 20,00,000 equity shares. However, the
company has granted 2,59,140 options during the year.
The exercise price of the options is Rs.246.30/- per share. The fair value of the share options is
estimated at the grant date using a Black-Scholes Method, taking into account the terms and
conditions upon which the share options were granted. However, the above performance
condition is only considered in determining the number of instruments that will ultimately vest.
The carrying amount of the liability at 31 March, 2024 was Rs. 29.80 Lakhs (31 March, 2023: Rs. NIL).
The expense recognised for employee services received during the year is shown in the following
table:
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Expense arising from equity-settled share-based payment
transactions 29.80 -
Total expense arising from share-based payment transactions 29.80 -
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Options outstanding at the beginning of the year - -
Granted during the year 2,59,140 -
Forfeited during the year - -
Exercised during the year - -
Expired during the year - -
Options outstanding at the end of the year 2,59,140 -
Exercisable at 31 March 2,59,140 -
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 184VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED183
The following tables list the inputs to the models used for the plan for the years ended 31 March,
2024:
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Weighted average fair values at the measurement date 246.30 N.A.
Dividend yield (%) - N.A.
Expected Annualized Volatility (%) 32.81% N.A.
Risk–free interest rate (%) 7.17% N.A.
Expected life of share options (years) 4.5 years N.A.
Weighted average share price (Rs.) 246.30 N.A.
Model used Black-ScholesMethod N.A.
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
1. Amount required to be spent by the company during
the year 13.18 -
2. Amount of expenditure incurred on: -
    (i) Construction/acquisition of any asset - -
    (ii) On purposes other than (i) above 13.18 -
3. Shortfall at the end of the year - -
4. Total of previous years shortfall - -
5. Nature of CSR Activities
Education &
Apprenticeship
Training
-
6. Details of related party transaction - -
7. Reason for shortfall - -
The Company endeavored to ensure full utilization of the allocated CSR budget. The CSR activities are
scalable with few new initiatives that may be considered in future and moving forward the Company will
endeavor to spend the amount on CSR activities in accordance with the statutory requirements.
Note 34 : Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
(₹  In Lakhs)
Particulars  As at 
31st March 2024
As at 
31st March 2023
Net profit / (loss) for calculation of Basic EPS 1,012.73 776.71
Weighted Average Number of Equity Shares outstanding during
the year for Basic EPS 2,31,30,331 1,81,64,818
Basic Earnings Per Share (Rs.) 4.38 4.28
Weighted Average Number of Equity Shares outstanding during
the year for Diluted EPS 2,35,65,591 1,81,64,818
Diluted Earnings Per Share (Rs.) 4.30 4.28
Nominal Value per Share (Rs.) 10 10
The Weighted average number of Equity Share for calculation of Diluted EPS includes 31,50,000
Equity Share Warrants convertible into one equity share and 2,59,140 Employee Stock Options.
(₹  In Lakhs)
Note 32 : Earnings Per Share
Basic EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders
by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
[[PAGE 111]]
Note 36 : Balance Confirmations
Note 37 :  General Remarks to Financial Statements
The balances in the accounts of Trade Receivables, Trade Payables, Loans and Advances, Other
Current Assets and Other Current Liabilities are subject to confirmation / reconciliation, if any; the
Management does not expect any significant variance from the reported figures. 
(a) The company is registered person under the Goods and Service Tax (GST) Act, 2017. During the
year, the company has availed various input tax credits of GST paid on procurement of goods and
services. The company is in the process of reconciliation of such input tax credits with its vendors
and the GST returns filed during the year. Effects of such reconciliation, if any, have not been
considered in the books of accounts.
(b) We have applied test check method of vouching regarding purchase, sales, vouchers, expenses,
whenever we found necessary.
(c) Normally the company is regular in payment of all statutory dues. There were no statutory dues
outstanding for more than six months as on 31-03-2024. 
(d) We have not physically verified cash in hand and closing stock as on 31-03-2024. Cash balance
and quantitative details of stock have been certified by the management and accepted & relied
upon by us. Due to the high volume and nature of business, it is not possible to verify quantitative
details of the goods manufactured and traded by the Company. 
(e) There have been no events subsequent to the Balance Sheet date, which require adjustment of,
or disclosure in, the financial statements or notes thereto. 
(f) The company has complied with all aspects of contractual agreements that could have a
material effect on the financial statements in the event of non-compliance. To the best of our
knowledge there has been no non-compliance with requirements of regulatory authorities that
could have a material effect on the financial statements in the event of non-compliance. 
(h) Previous period figures have been regrouped, re-arranged and re-classified wherever necessary
to conform to current period’s classification 
(i) The financial statements are approved for issue by the Board of Directors in their meeting held
on May 28, 2024. 
Note 38 :  Other Statutory Information
(a) The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or
pending against the Company for holding any Benami property. 
(b) The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC
beyond the statutory period.
(c) The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the
financial year as well as in the previous financial year. 
(d) The Company has not made any contribution to any political party during the current financial
year as well as in the previous financial year. 
(e) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or
entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the
Intermediary shall:
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 186VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED185
(f) To the best of our knowledge and representation received from the management, the
Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities
(Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the
Company shall
(g) The Company has not any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts
that has been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under
the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income
Tax Act, 1961). 
(h) To the best of our knowledge and representation received from the management, the
Company has not granted any loans or advances in nature of loans to promoters, directors and
KMPs either severally or jointly with any other person during the year ended March 31, 2024.
(i) The Company has not been declared will full defaulter by any bank, financial institution,
government or government authority. 
(j) The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-to-use
assets) or intangible assets during the year ended March 31, 2024.
(k) As per information received from the management, there were no transactions entered with
the companies which are struck off.
(i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner
whatsoever by or on behalf of the company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or 
(ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
(i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or 
(ii)  provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries,
Note 35 : Segment Reporting
The Company is primarily engaged in the manufacturing, selling and marketing of Consumer
Goods. The range of products manufactured by the company includes Air Conditioners, Water
Heaters, Lighting and their components. The Company also offers Electronics Manufacturing
Services (EMS) and related products to its customers. The Company has only one operating
segment, hence disclosure under AS 17 on Segment Reporting is not applicable.
(j) The Company has evaluated subsequent events from the balance sheet date through May 28,
2024, the date at which the financial statements were available to be issued, and determined that
there are no material items to disclose.
(a) The company is liable to comply with the requirements of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 from the
financial year 2023-24. The Company is spending its 2% of average net profits as CSR expenditure on the
apprenticeship training. 
(b) As per the circular from Ministry of Corporate Affairs, industries/establishments are permitted to utilize their
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) funds for Apprentices Training which includes expenditure on Basic Training
and stipend funds payable to apprentices under Apprentices Act, 1961 (amended 2014)
Footnote
[[PAGE 112]]
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 188VIRTUOSO OPTOELECTRONICS LIMITED187
As per our report of even date
For Jain Chhajed & Associates
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Reg No. 127911W 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Virtuoso Optoelectronics Limited
CIN – L74999MH2015PLC268355
Sukrit Bharati
Chairman & MD
DIN: 03638084
Vishrut Bharati
Director
DIN : 06818457
Sajid Shaikh
Chief Financial Officer
Vibhuti Kulkarni
Company Secretary 
Place : Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
Place : Nashik
Date: May 28, 2024
CA Suyash Chhajed
Partner Membership
No. 121597
Designed and conceptualized by: Kaptify Consulting - contact@kaptify.in
Note 39 :   Code on Social Security, 2020
The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘Code’) relating to employee benefits during employment and
post-employment received Indian Parliament approval and Presidential assent in September 2020.
The Code has been published in the Gazette of India and subsequently on November 13, 2020 draft
rules were published and invited for stakeholders’ suggestions. However, the date on which the
Code will come into effect has not been notified. The Company will assess the impact of the Code
when it comes into effect and will record any related impact in the period the Code becomes
effective.
